
Chapter 51

Sounds of laughter echoed across the river as the kids played tag in the water. They were not aware that a hundred meters below them, countless Dark-Scaled Crocodiles had started to raise their heads to look in their direction.

A lone individual swamp up. Its eyes locked on a young girl who was floating in the water. Its tail swayed back and forth behind it, boosting its speed. Its huge mouth gaped open and its razor sharp teeth glistened in the murky depths.

Fifty meters… forty… twenty.... ten…

Its cold-blooded eyes showed no mercy as it went in for the kill. It was about to bite the unsuspecting child when a five meter long, ice lance, pierced through the water and penetrated its wide-open mouth.

The Dark-Scaled Crocodile let out a cry as its body squirmed under the surface of the river.

"Everyone get out of the river! There are monsters hiding in the depths!" William shouted. "Hurry!"

If not for the fact that the surface of the river beside the girl had been stained with blood, no one would have believed him. The young girl screamed in fear as she swam towards the land. Several of the children also backed away in fright as they watched the river's water start to churn.

Suddenly, a giant gaping mouth broke the river's surface. It was a crocodile that was over ten meters long. And its eyes locked on the children with predatory lust. 

"Centennial Dark-Scaled Crocodile!" one of the adults gasped in shock. "Quickly! Evacuate the river now!"

The Centennial Beast opened its mouth wide and shot out a concentrated cannonball of water. The hairs on the back of William's neck stood on end as he felt the feeling of impending death fall upon him.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

"Icewall!"

William created five Icewalls in front of him, creating five layers of protection. He wanted to cast more but there was not enough time to do it. The waterball instantly broke the first two ice walls, and pushed through the third with ease. 

The boy only had enough time to brace himself for the impact as all five layers broke down in front of him. 

"Meeeeh!" 

Ella faced the waterball with its horns and neutralized it upon impact. Even so, the blast still sent her and William flying away for a few meters.

If the five Ice Walls hadn't reduced the power of that waterball, Ella might have already been blasted into pieces.

A trail of blood streamed down the corner of William's lips as he slowly stood up from the ground. Ella positioned herself in front of William in order to protect him from other surprise attacks. 

It was at that moment when hundreds of heads bobbed up the river's surface. The young boy and the goat watched in horror when they saw that there were ten Centennial Dark-Scaled Crocodiles in the horde of crocodiles.

Theo, who rushed to check on William's condition, looked at the monsters in fright.



"F-Fortunately, there is no Millennial Beast among them," Theo stuttered. "If there were, we would really be in big trouble."

William's body stiffened when he heard Theo's comment. He wanted to slap his good friend and shout "Don't raise death flags, you damn fool!" 

There were two types of people that William hated the most when facing a battle of life and death. They were Crow-Mouthed People (those who raised Death Flags) and Pig Teammates. 

Right now, William was looking at one of those people. 

Before William could even smack his friend's head for raising a death flag, another presence made itself known. A crocodile with a golden head that was at least five meters in length poked out of the water. 

Its blood-red eyes glanced in William's direction and the boy felt his legs weaken. 

"By the Goddess! Millennial Beast Golden-Scaled Crocodile!" Barbatos uttered in disbelief. 

He had heard the warning bells from the watch tower and knew that an emergency situation had taken place. James, Mordred, and some of the fighters in Lont had left the town in order to do a reconnaissance mission.

Right now, there were only a few master's left in Lont and he was one of them. 



"Dammit!" Barbatos ran towards the river as he held the hammer in his hand. 

He needed to buy time for the other defenders to arrive and ensure that none of the kids would die in this skirmish. 

"Theo, run!" William grabbed Theo's robe and dragged him away. "Take the kids back to the town."

"What about you?" Theo asked. "Are you going to fight? There's no chance of winning!"

"I'll only help to hold them off." William glanced at the crocodiles who were now making their way towards the land. "Enough talk! Go!"

William mounted Ella's back as the two of them charged towards the front lines. 

"System, I need your help." 

< What can I do for you today? >

"For example I advanced my Ice Mage to Ice Wizard, is it still possible for me to open the other Advance Job Classes like the Elemental Lord, Battle Mage, Magic Swordsman, Arcane Ranger, and Cryo Lancer?"



< Yes. You can change Job Classes as often as you like as long as you meet the necessary requirements. >

"Good," William said with a serious expression. "I want to advance to Ice Wizard. Can you make it happen?"

< Certainly. Should I also allocate the experience points to the Ice Wizard Job Class instead of the Shepherd Job Class? >

"Please do."

< Understood. >

< Ding! >

-- You had successfully ascended to Ice Wizard

-- A wizard who had dedicated his life to learn the secrets of Ice Magic

-- Ice Magic effectiveness increased by 30%



-- Host has learned skill: Glacial Wave

< Glacial Wave >

(10 Mana Points)

-- Causes an explosion of ice around the user, pushing enemies around away and freezing them for a short period of time.

William breathed heavily as he tried to calm his senses. Advancing to the next job wasn't part of his plan, but the situation called for it. Among all the job classes in his arsenal, only his Shepherd and Ice Mage Job Classes had sufficient levels to make a difference. 

A Centennial Dark-Scaled Crocodile fired a concentrated waterball in William's direction. The boy raised his hand and created six layers of Ice Wall to block the attack. Just like last time, all six Ice Walls shattered.

However, the attack was completely mitigated this time around. When William had changed his Job Class to Ice Wizard, his Ice Magic received a boost in its effectiveness. 

Blue Mist shrouded Ella and William as he cast Ice Armor on both of them. He also bestowed Ice Armors to Barbatos and the ten other adults who were keeping the crocodiles at bay. 

"This is hopeless," Barbatos grimaced as he sent a crocodile flying with his hammer. "These bastards have high resistance to physical attacks. We need mages!"



"Ice Spike!" 

"Glacial Lance!" 

"Cone of Cold!"

William's attack passed through the battlefield freezing the crocodiles in its path. Although it was effective, it was only a drop in the bucket. The hundreds of Crocodiles advanced without a care in the world.

As for the leaders of the Horde, the Centennial and Millennial Beasts were very intelligent creatures. 

Seeing that there was only one mage in the battlefield, they decided to focus all their attention on William, while the low-tiered Dark-Scaled Crocodiles attacked Barbatos and the others.


Chapter 52

Ella didn't stop running and dodging. She didn't have the leisure to take it easy because the crocodiles were hell-bent on taking William out first. Even the Millennial Beast had shot high-powered water beams in their direction.

Walls of Ice surrounded the riverside as William did his best to capture their attention. Naturally, he didn't just defend. He also attacked as well.

< Gained Exp Points: 600 >

< Gained Exp Points: 600 >

< Gained Exp Points: 600 >

< Gained Exp Points: 600 >

William was lucky that the crocodiles were still soaked with water. The Ice magic froze them all and the adults shattered them to pieces. Although they were resistant to Physical Damage, it was very different when they were frozen. With a swing of his hammer, Barbatos shattered all of these frozen crocodiles to pieces.

'Even though their numbers are less than a thousand, they are still a pain to kill,' William thought as Ella narrowly avoided another high-speed waterball. 'My Mana is almost exhausted. I alone can't turn the tide of battle.'

Most of his mana were used to cast Ice Wall in order to mitigate the tens of concentrated attacks that Ella couldn't evade. He already stopped casting offensive spells and focused on defending. His Mana Regeneration couldn't keep up with the high-intensity battle and he had almost been wrung dry.

The Millennial Beast, Golden-Scaled Crocodile, had already stepped on land. It raised its snout to roar and a crippling fear made William and Ella shudder. 



< Host has been affected by Dragon's Fear >

< Host movement speed and reflexes had been decreased by 50% >

'Fck!' William cursed. 'When did a crocodile become a dragon?!'

What William didn't know was that Dark-Scaled Crocodiles were descendants of lower dragons. Although the Dragon Blood inside their body was very thin, those who reached the ranks of a Millennial Beast would be able to awaken the ancient blood that was dormant inside their bodies.

A Golden-Scaled Crocodile at the Millennial Beast Stage could evolve into a Flood Dragon.

"Meeeeeeh…" Ella struggled as she barely dodged a water ball that passed their side by mere inches. 

"Mama Ella, let's retreat," William ordered. "We can't hold on any longer. Staying here would only bring us death."

"Meeeeh!"

Ella agreed with William so she immediately ran towards the town of Lont. They had already done their best. The adults were also slowly retreating. Barbatos was blasted off the ground when he blocked the attack of the Golden-Scaled Crocodile that was aimed at William's back.



"Mr. Barbatos!" William shouted as he steered Ella to assist the fallen blacksmith.

"I'm fine!" Barbatos roared. "Don't come near me or both of us will become sitting ducks!"

William gritted his teeth as Ella stopped in her tracks. They could only watch as Barbatos gingerly stood up from the ground while holding the hammer with shaking hands.

"Don't worry," Barbatos said with a serious expression. "The only time I'll die in this situation is when that Golden-Scaled Crocodile decides to fight me at close range. Its weak long range attack is not enough to make me kick the bucket."

"Mr. Barbatos, is there any hope to win?" William asked. "If this goes on, Lont will be overrun."

Barbatos didn't answer him right away. The number of mages inside Lont could be counted with two hands. Half of those mages were currently with James, while the other half were probably on their way.

"If Celine were here, there might be a way," Barbatos answered. "However, it seems that she is not aware that we are currently under attack."

"Master?" William was genuinely shocked by Barbatos' revelation. "Master is currently doing an experiment right now. This might be why she is not aware of our current dilemma."

Barbatos looked at William with understanding. 'So that's the reason why Celine isn't here yet. We may still have a chance to turn the tables!'



The Blacksmith of Lont took out a silver spear from his storage ring and stabbed it in the ground. 

"Iron Fortress!" Barbatos shouted.

Immediately, A ten-meter tall wall filled with sharp spikes extended in front of him. It surrounded the West Gate of Lont and became a protective barrier.

"This barrier will not hold on for long," Barbatos explained. "William, please, drag Celine from her laboratory. Tell her it's an emergency that concerns the life and death of Lont. Please, hurry!"

William nodded his head and urged his Mama Ella to run as fast as she could. Their destination was the house of the Dark Sorceress on the outskirts of Lont. 

It took William five minutes to arrive at the house. He immediately dismounted and knocked on the door repeatedly to announce his arrival.

"Master! Master! It's William!" William shouted. "It's an emergency! We need your help! Master! Please! Help us!"

"What's with all the shouting?!" an irritated voice replied. "I'm almost done with my experiment. Come back after an hour!"

"Master, an hour from now, Lont will already be in ruins!" William screamed as he continued to knock on the door. "We need your help now! A horde of Dark-Scaled Crocodiles are attacking Lont. It is led by a Golden-Scaled Crocodile that can use Dragon's Fear!"



No reply came, but William didn't stop knocking on the door. He kept on hawking and yelling, while pounding the door with his fists. 

The door abruptly opened and a disgruntled Celine appeared in front of William. Her hair was in disarray, and dark stains could be seen in her dress. Clearly, she wasn't joking when she said that she was still doing her experiment.

"If I find out that you're lying, I'm going to castrate you~" Celine said with a smile, but her eyes were screaming murder. 

William nodded his head like a hen pecking rice. "If I'm joking, Master can make me her slave for a year. I won't resist even if you use me in your experiments!"

"That is the least you can do for interrupting my experiment," Celine snorted. "So, what's the current situation?"

"Master, it's--"

Before William could even start his explanation, a strong explosion reached their ears. It was followed by a strong shockwave that pushed William towards the wall of Celine's house.

Celine's hair danced as her sight locked on several giant serpent heads in the distance, that were conjured by water magic. 

"It seems that you are not joking," Celine said with a serious expression. 



The Dark Sorceress transformed into a dark beam of light and flew towards the sky where the Serpent Heads were located. 

William did his best to stand up despite the shaking of his legs. 

"Meeeeeh."

"Thank you, Mama."

William leaned on Ella's body as she helped him mount her back. Five minutes later, they returned to the West Gate to check the current state of the battlefield.


Chapter 53

The Iron Fortress that Barbatos summoned was shaking constantly. It was currently resisting the combined attacks of all the crocodiles and the serpent heads that were made from water magic. 

When Celine arrived at the battlefield, the first thing she did was fire berserk spells at the Centennial Dark-Scaled Crocodiles who were conjuring the water serpents. After their host lost their focus, the giant serpents slithering in the air collapsed into a rain shower. 

Celine hovered in the air as she gazed at the Dark-Scaled Crocodiles with annoyance. Surprisingly, she was not alone. Floating beside her was Owen who was also sizing up the crocodile army with a frown. 

"Can you handle it?" Owen asked.

"I can easily kill all the crocodiles except the Big Boss," Celine replied. "However, if I wipe out its entire clan, it might enter a berserk state. Even if all of us joined hands, it will be quite difficult to deal with it."

Millennial Beasts like the Golden Scaled Crocodiles were one of the hardest creatures to kill because of their absurdly strong resistances to magic and physical attacks. 

"I see," Own replied with understanding. "So we just scare them away, right?"

"Yes," Celine answered. "Back me up, I'm going to start."

"Alright. Leave the support to me."

"I'm counting on you old man."



Celine summoned her grimoire and her face became extremely serious. Her lips moved as she chanted a powerful spell that would turn the tide of battle in their favor.

Dark Clouds hovered above the town of Lont as Celine released the bindings on her powers. Her eyes glowed a bright purple color as her voice echoed in the surroundings.

"Glorious Darkness, my redeemer, I need you now in my time of need. Guide my hand so I might conquer your foes. Punish the fools who have forgotten your name, and doom them all to eternal darkness!"

"Darkness Breaker!"

Thousands of dark beams descended from the heavens as they crisscrossed against the Dark-Scaled tide. Even the Golden-Scaled Crocodile wasn't spared from the attack, but it received very minimal damage.

Black wisps started to emit from the eyes of the crocodiles as they stopped their attacks on the Iron Fortress. What Celine used was a spell similar to Mass Blind with higher efficiency. 

The Golden Scaled Crocodile stared at her in ridicule because it was unaffected by Celine's attack.

"The bastard has no intention of backing down," Celine frowned. "Old man, prepare for the worst case scenario."

Owen sighed and nodded his head. He knew that Celine had decided to massacre the entire crocodile horde in order to show the Golden Scaled Crocodile that they weren't push-overs.



"You forced me to do this you overgrown lizard," Celine clenched her fist. "Because of you, I had to stop my experiment. I was only half a step away from succeeding, and you dared to get in my way. Two years of preparation were lost and it was all because of you! I will not forgive you!"

"Oh, dear, she's snapped," Barbatos grimaced as he looked at the crazed woman hovering in the sky. "William, for your own sake, don't anger your Master. She's the crazy kind of crazy."

"C-Crazy kind of crazy?" William gulped. "How crazy is that?"

"The worst kind," Barbatos replied in a heartbeat. "She's like a yandere only twelve times worse."

"Hyeok!" William's legs trembled. This time, he was genuinely scared. 

If not for the fact that he was mounted on Ella's back, he might have already collapsed to the ground in fright.

"Revered Father, the one who sits on the throne of Darkness, your humble servant requires your aid. Lead me by my hand so I might vanquish my demons," Celine chanted. "I plead this of you with open arms, O Eternal Guardian. Favor me with your illustrious might!"

"Garden of Darkness!"

Thousands of little red orbs floated above Celine. They were very similar to William's "Seed of Darkness" that he had shown to Celine and Owen a few days ago. With a wave of her hand, these seeds embedded themselves in the crocodiles who were currently suffering from blindness.



Half a minute later, all the crocodiles started to toss and turn. Some of them even started their notorious Death Rolls that were known to shred their prey in the water. 

The Golden-Scaled Crocodile felt that something was amiss, but it couldn't do anything at this point in time. The only thing it could do was to roar at Celine in anger. 

"Roar as much as you like, you arrogant lizard." Celine was indifferent to her enemies' anger. "Even the materials of your entire clan is not enough to compensate half of the precious ingredients I lost in my experiment!"

As if waiting for Celine's venomous words, one of the crocodiles suddenly stopped moving. 

Suddenly, a red flower that was two meters tall sprouted out of its back accompanied by a blood shower. The flower glowed eerily as it sucked up all the blood of its host. A few seconds later, the crocodile stopped moving. 

What remained of it was only a husk deprived of all of its blood. The crocodiles roared in unison as they all felt their impending death. Hundreds of blood flowers bloomed as the Dark-Scaled Crocodiles died in the hundreds.

Seeing its clan dying in front of it, the Golden-Scaled Crocodile body started to glow. It opened its mouth as a ball of energy slowly expanded in front of it. 

"It's going to use Dragon Breath!" Owen exclaimed. 

"What are our chances of survival?" Celine asked.



"Ten, no maybe five percent," Owen's face was as dark as the bottom of a kettle. "If we don't stop it, even if we survive its attack, half of Lont will be destroyed."

Celine looked at the monster in front of her fearlessly. Since the chance of survival was slim, she decided to also take a gamble.

"Owen, make sure to catch me if I fall."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

Celine didn't bother to explain and began chanting. The language she used was a very ancient one. A language that only a few within the continent were able to understand. Even Owen, who was learning many languages didn't know the language Celine was using.

"Lirowasniel aerriien tireirélrieth, merrieth, telendyn, talaránial. Ararasnal trylinbradies, marániel, Áerorilbras, elowen, Thriasrilriel rinilol, triloren, morelalyn. Nielinbrnil aeraenas, merlenian..."

Celine's index finger glowed in a bloody hue after her chant ended. She then pointed at the Golden-Scaled Crocodile and sneered.

"Finger of Death!"

A loud clap reverberated in the air as a streak of red lightning shot out from Celine's finger. The lightning squarely landed on the Golden-Scaled Crocodile's forehead creating sizzling sounds. .



Celine coughed up a mouthful of blood as she lost the power to levitate in the air. Owen hurriedly caught her and landed on the ground beside Barbatos and William.

"D-Did we win?" William asked. "Did Master succeed?"

It was the question that was on everyone's mind, but no one dared to ask. 

No one knew the answer to his question. 

No one dared to answer this question.

Celine was already unconscious, while Barbatos' and Owen's gazes were focused on the Golden-Scaled Crocodile in the distance. They were looking for any signs that might tell them that Celine's final attack had some sort of effect on the enemy before them. 

They watched in dismay as the ball of light, that hovered a few meters away from the crocodile's jaws, was still expanding. Owen and Barbatos sighed. They concluded that Celine had failed. 

The "Finger of Death" had a miniscule 1% chance to instantly kill a Millennial Beast in one strike. Celine knew that the odds were against her, but she still took the risk. But, it seems that her gamble had failed and now all of them were going to die from the Dragon Breath that was slowly gaining momentum. 

Owen was already chanting in an attempt to cast a barrier that would strengthen the Iron fortress and help block the calamitous attack that was about to befall them.



However, half a minute later, the ball of light completely disappeared.

Without warning, the Golden-Scaled Crocodile's head fell on the ground with a loud crash. Everyone was caught by surprise, including the crocodiles that were guarding their leader.

A few seconds later, panic spread through the entire horde as the surviving members of the crocodile clan hurried towards the river in an attempt to escape. Out of the ten Centennial Beasts, six still remained. 

They, too, didn't even bother to linger and roared to their subordinates to rally to their side.

They led the survivors away and left Lont to find another hiding place where they could recover the numbers that they had lost in this battle. Although they had lost terribly, it would only take two years at most to increase their population again. 

The battle against the crocodile horde ended in such an unexpected manner that the people of Lont didn't even know how to react. 

Ironically, the first one to shout and cheer was none other than the crow-mouthed Theo. He raised his fist and roared. It was as if he was the one who single handedly fought against the Golden-Scaled Crocodile and sent the entire horde packing in fright. 

Soon, more cheers erupted as the citizens of Lont followed suit. The children started jumping up and down while the adults patted each other's back. The two siblings watched all of this with awe and admiration.

"I think I now understand how Lont survived the Beast Tide," Leah said with a tinge of envy. She looked at Celine with sparkling eyes as if she had found her idol. 



"Indeed," Cedric replied. He, too, realized that the people of Lont were not as simple as they seemed. "Lont's rise is set in stone."

He didn't want to admit it, but he had been impressed by how the citizens of Lont resisted the Beast Tide. His only regret was that Fushia didn't have such experts under their service. Perhaps, if there were people like Celine working for his father then their territory might still be standing in the Western Region of the Hellan Kingdom.


Chapter 54

After the battle, Owen tasked William to look after Celine, while he went to treat the people that were injured during the defense of Lont. Celine wasn't in any kind of danger. She was just thoroughly exhausted. 

While doing her experiment, she didn't eat or drink anything because what she was doing required extreme focus. Fasting in this manner was fine since she was already used to such a lifestyle. However, getting dragged away to fight a high-level battle while not in her peak condition still took a toll on her body.

William looked at the disheveled woman with pity. Her skin was pale, her hair in disarray, and her face looked very haggard. Even so, she was still beautiful. The young boy wasn't able to stop himself from praising Celine even in her current state.

Currently, he was taking his Master back to her home while riding on Ella's back. Celine was very light, so it was not hard for William to hold her in place. It didn't take long for them to reach her home on the outskirts of Lont.

"Mama Ella, can you open the door for me?"

"Meeeeeh."

Ella pushed the door with her hoof and it opened without any resistance. Due to William's strength stat, it was quite easy for him to carry Celine with both arms.

"Intruder! Uwaaaaaaak!!" Oliver, the monkey parrot, shouted from his perch. "Intruder!"

"Shut up, Oliver!" William replied in annoyance. "Master is sleeping, don't be noisy."

Oliver looked down on William with contempt. It was a bit irritated because the boy dragged away his Mistress during an important experiment.. The parrot monkey then looked at Celine then back at William before clicking its tongue.

The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelworld[.]com

"Taking advantage of the mistress while she's unconscious. Brat, don't you have any shame?"

"Eh? You can talk properly?" William's eyes widened in surprise.

"Of course I can talk. I'm not a little monkey, like you," Oliver replied with irritation. "Take the mistress to the second floor. Make sure not to do anything indecent, or else I'll bite you to death."

"I'm just a ten-year-old-kid, how can I possibly do something indecent."

"A ten-year-old?"

The parrot monkey scoffed. "Kid, other people may not know, but I know that your soul doesn't belong in this world."

"W-What are you talking about?" William stuttered.

The parrot monkey eyed the boy before it lifted its claw and pointed at the stairs. "Let's talk after you properly tucked in the mistress. I, also, have a lot of questions for you."

William looked anxiously at the parrot monkey before heading towards the stairs. His mind was in disarray and several questions appeared inside his head.

For more, visit lightn/ovelwo/rl/d[.]com

Ten minutes later, he was sitting at the dining table on the first floor. He didn't know how the parrot was able to prepare some tea. But, everything was already laid out on the table when he returned from his task of taking his Master to her bedroom.

Oliver seemed to be in a good mood, and the snarkiness from before had completely disappeared.

"Have some tea first," Oliver said as he stood at the center of the table. "It's very rare for us to have guests, so I didn't have time to bake a cake. However, we still have cookies. I hope that they are to your liking."

William obediently took a sip of the tea, but he passed on the cookie. He was more curious about how the parrot monkey knew about his identity.

Ella stood beside William's chair. She was also curious about what the parrot monkey wanted to discuss with her baby.

The goat didn't care about William's past or identity. The only thing she knew was that she had raised William since he was a baby. Even so, her curiosity got the best of her, so she decided to stay and listen.

William stared at the parrot monkey with a complicated expression. Part of him wanted to roast the monkey so that his secret would be kept. The other half wanted to bury Oliver deep in the ground, so that his secret would remain.

Oliver felt Wiliam's murderous gaze and decided to take the initiative to talk.

"Don't look at me like that," Oliver narrowed his eyes. "I mean you no harm. I was just surprised that someone like you was born in this world."

Follow current novels on lightnovelworld[.]com

"What do you mean, someone like me?" William asked. "What do you know about me?"

The parrot monkey grinned as it picked up a cup of tea and took a sip to quench its thirst. "I don't know much. All I know is that your soul doesn't belong to this world. However, you can't be considered an Otherworlder since you were born naturally. That only means that this world had accepted you as one of its own, which is a very rare occurrence."

"What do you mean a very rare occurrence?" William inquired. "Also, Otherworlders? Are you talking about transmigrators?"

"Transmigrators? You mean those souls who cross space and time and possess the body of dead or dying people?" Oliver asked back. "Well, there are a few of those cases. My Mistress' grandfather was one of those Transmigrators you are referring to."

"Wait, hold on." William looked at Oliver with a serious expression. "There are transmigrators in this world?"

"What's so surprising about it?" Oliver tilted his head. "This world is very vast. The possibility certainly exists. Although, their number would not exceed the number of fingers on one hand. The Gods wouldn't allow more than five individuals in every era."

"You talked about Otherworlders, what are they?"

"Simply put, they are people from another world."

"You thought I was one of them?"

New novel chapters are published on lightnovelworld[.]c/om

"At first, yes." Oliver nodded his head. "But, since you were born naturally then you are not counted as such."

"Then how did you know?" William asked the most important question of all. "Do you have the power to look at a person's soul?"

Oliver chuckled. Since his head was that of a monkey, the chuckle sounded irritating in William's ears. "Right now you are a ten-year-old, but the soul that I'm seeing using my ability is older. If I have to make a bold guess, you are in your late teens or early twenties, but not more than that."

'This is bad,' William thought. 'If there are other people with this ability then I'm in deep trouble!'

"What you're thinking will not come to pass, so you can relax." Oliver assured him. "My ability is unique and it was something that was given to me by my creator, Lord Darwin. I am fairly confident that only I have the ability to see through the soul of a person in this world."

William sighed in relief as he heard Oliver's explanation. Although he still didn't know what kind of ability it possessed, he would like to believe that it was telling the truth.

Seeing that the young boy had finally calmed down, Oliver decided to tell him the real reason why he wanted to talk to him.

"William, I have a favor to ask."

"I'll listen to it first. Whether I can do it or not will depend on my mood."

Visit lightnovelworld[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"Tch. You're like your grandpa. Always haggling for benefits."

Oliver shook his head helplessly before saying his request.

"You don't have to do this request right away because the current you is still too weak and too young to go to that place," Oliver explained. "All I ask is that you do your best, because the Mistress' life is at stake."

William frowned, "What do you mean Master's life is at stake?"

Oliver sighed as he lowered his head and looked at the table. "Once upon a time, on the continent of Silvermoon, there was a family of elves that went by the name Rayleigh…"


Chapter 55

"The Rayleigh family specialized in elven prophecy," Oliver continued his explanation. "They had helped the elven race overcome great calamities and were treated with respect by the entire race. One day, the Patriarch of the Rayleigh family had a revelation in his dreams…"

"What kind of revelation?" William inquired.

"I'm not telling you." Oliver snorted.

"Then what is the point of explaining if you're just going to leave me hanging?!"

"Because you're still too weak, too dumb, and too stupid to understand."

"Y-You! Are you picking a fight with me?!"

"No. I'm here to ask you a favor."

"This is not the right way to ask for a favor." William scoffed. "You're just being annoying!"

Oliver pretended that he didn't hear William's outburst and tapped the table with his claws. "When you grow older, you are destined-- I mean, you might be forced by circumstance to go to the central continent…"

William eyed the parrot monkey in contempt, but he didn't say anything and listened to his explanation.

Visit lightnovelworld[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"You will find my Mistress' twin sister. Her name is Lady Celeste."

"Twin Sister? Master has a twin sister?"

"Are you deaf? Didn't I just say that 'You will find my Mistress' twin sister' earlier?" Oliver glared. "Now stop asking questions and just listen."

"Would it kill you to just give me a straightforward answer you monkey!" William glared back.

"I'm not a monkey. I'm a Parrot Monkey," Oliver growled. "You uncultured swine."

"Meeeeeeeh!"

"Sorry, Miss Ella," Oliver apologized. "Your son is making things difficult for me."

"Meeeeeeh!"

"Okay. I'll try to lower my IQ to his level."

This content is taken from lightnovelw/o/rld[./]com

"Meeeh." Ella nodded her head.

William's face darkened. He really wanted to strangle the stupid Parrot Monkey in front of him for hinting that he had low IQ. What was worse was that his Mama Ella acknowledged that he had a low IQ!

Mama Ella, what happened to the promised love between mother and child?

William lowered his head in defeat. He felt that the world around him had lost all colors as he drank the lukewarm tea in his cup.

"As I was saying, when you visit the central continent, you will find Lady Celeste," Oliver said in a slow and clear voice as if he was speaking to a three-year-old child. "Unlike Mistress' purple hair color, Lady Celeste has light-green hair and blue eyes. They look exactly the same, so it's impossible for you to not recognize her. Are you following me so far?"

"Yes."

"Ah, by the way, how old are you again?"

"Ten."

"Okay, so ten years ago… that would make them eighteen," Oliver mumbled as he looked at the window of the first floor with a nostalgic gaze.

The most up-to-date novels are published on //lightn/ovelworld[/.]com

The parrot monkey recovered a minute later and focused his attention on William. "When you see Lady Celeste, tell her that Mistress needs the seed of life."

"That's it?"

"That's it."

"So, I just need to tell her that Master needs the seed of life?" William asked.

"Of course, you must also personally deliver the seed of life back to Mistress," Oliver replied with a serious expression. "This is imperative. You cannot entrust it to anyone else. Do I make myself clear?"

"Understood." William nodded. "However, I don't understand one thing."

"What is it that you don't understand?"

"How come you're so confident that I'm going to go to the Central Continent?"

"Because the Southern Continent is too small for you." Oliver raised his head and stared straight at William's face. His voice was very confident as if everything he had said had already been set in stone. "Also, since you are Mistress' disciple, you still need to go to the central continent whether you like it or not."

The source of this content is lightn/ovelworld[.]com

"And why is that?" William asked with a raised brow.

"It's a matter of pride," Oliver replied. "Any master would want their disciple to succeed and for that to happen, you must go to the central continent. Only there will you find the things that you are lacking."

William was still half in doubt, but he still decided to accept Oliver's explanation. Although the Southern Continent is not exactly small, it isn't exactly big either. You could easily fit ten Southern Continents in the Central Continent.

That just shows how vast the central continent was. Even so, William didn't really feel like going there. Although the life in Lont was crude and simple, it was peaceful. Also, the Southern Continent has many good things to see as well.

He bid Oliver goodbye after finishing their discussion. The boy also promised to return the next day to check on Celine's condition. Although it doesn't show on his face, William was also worried about his Master.

Oliver watched William's retreating back from the window of the house. When the boy's image could no longer be seen, a sigh resounded in the room. He could still remember his Master, Lord Darwin's sad expression as he told Oliver the prophecy that the Rayleigh Family had decreed.

"On the third day in the month of the High Priestess, a pair of twins is going to be born."

"One an elf, her blood diluted with darkness."

"The second, pure blooded, a genius rarely seen in the world."

This content is taken from //lightnove/lworld[.]com

"On their eighteenth birthday, the Prince of Darkness will be born. One of them will be his bride, the other will be left out in the storm."

"Ruin and destruction will follow in his wake…"

"His happiness or sorrow will drive you awake."

"In the end you must remember, not all things are meant for forever."

"In the end… you have nothing to lose."

"It just depends on how you choose."

"Oliver, watch over Celine for me," Darwin said. "If you ever meet that prince, make sure to check his character. If you think that he is dangerous… dispose of him. Regardless of the consequences, you must eliminate him."

"Master, what If he's not dangerous?"

"How can he not be dangerous? He is the Prince of Darkness. He is bound to be dangerous."

Follow current novels on lightnovelworld[.]com

Oliver didn't want to argue with his Master, but he was someone who didn't like to murder people in cold blood. "What if he's not?"

"If… If he really isn't a bastard then I guess you can spare him. J-Just make sure that he won't bully Celine or Celeste when he grows up. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes. Master."

"Twenty eight years have passed since then… Master," Oliver said softly. "I have finally found him. But, it seems that he is indeed not an ordinary prince."

Oliver's eyes could see through the soul of people using the ability "Eye of the Soul". He had stayed by Celine's side in order to keep a lookout for the identity of the Prince of Darkness in the prophecy.

He was surprised to see that William's soul was that of a teenager, and not only that, his soul contained three divinities! Oliver knew that the fabled prince had finally made his appearance.

As to whether he would be a Messiah or the bringer of ruin, Oliver didn't know. All he knew was that if William turned out to be a threat to his Mistress, he would honor his promise with his creator, Lord Darwin, and kill him.

"William, I hope you don't disappoint me," Oliver muttered as it closed its eyes. "For your sake, and mine. I pray that the day where I have to personally end your life will not come to pass."

Oliver didn't know who the bride of the prince would be. The prophecy was vague, so no one could tell if the chosen one would be Celine or Celeste. However, one thing was for sure. Only one of them would be chosen, while the other would be cast to the side.

For more, visit lightno/velworl/d[./]com

As Celine's guardian for many years, Oliver was biased towards her. If William was really the Prince of the prophecy, he would rather have the boy choose Celine rather than the spoiled genius of the elven race, Lady Celeste.

"If the boy is really good, maybe I should help and play matchmaker?" Oliver pondered. "Should I send Master a letter and tell him that the Prince had appeared?"

The Parrot Monkey thought for a long time before finally deciding to write a letter. He reasoned that since this was an important matter, his Master must be informed as well.

What Oliver failed to foresee was that his action would send ripples through the elven continent of Silvermoon. These ripples would find their way to William, which would in turn, make his life more complicated than it already was.


Chapter 56

After leaving Celine's house, William was about to return to the Ainsworth Residence when he heard the loud cry of a crane coming from the sky.

Ella raised her head and saw a large crane with a wingspan of at least five to six meters. The Angorian goat bleated a greeting, and the crane let out another cry in response. William rarely saw cranes in Lont, and this particular crane was bigger than the ones he had seen in the past.

Its white and pristine feathers glistened in the sunlight, and the golden marking on its head gave it a majestic and regal appearance. It gazed down at William with warm and gentle eyes, as if it was looking at an old time friend.

The white crane circled above William's and Ella's heads twice before landing a few meters away from them.

After giving the crane a closer look, William estimated that it was at least two meters tall. Ella's ears perked up as the white crane started to walk towards them. It was not giving off any hostile vibes, but Ella raised her guard just in case.

When it was only two meters away from William and Ella it stopped. A soft cry escaped its beak, as if trying to converse with them. William had only communicated with goats, so he was surprised when he actually understood what the crane had just said to him.

"My name is Skyla."

That was the message William received from the white crane. It looked at him with a gentle gaze as if waiting for him to give his reply.

"W-William. My name is William Von Ainsworth," William replied. "This is my Mama Ella."

"Meeeeh."



"Kroooooo." Skyla let out another soft cry as she raised her leg.

With a glance, William noticed a cylindrical tube tied on its leg. It was similar to the tubes carried by the messenger hawks in their estate.

"For me?" William asked.

Skyla nodded her head in acknowledgement.

William dismounted Ella's back and slowly approached the white crane. Skyla didn't move and simply waited for William to untie the object she was carrying.

"Can I open it?"

"Krooooo."

Ella walked close to William as she tried to take a peek. William's body stiffened when he read the first few sentences of the letter that seemed to be really addressed to him.

To my beloved son, William,

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

I greet you from the Holy City of Nytfe Aethel. I do not know where to begin, because no matter what I say, it will not be enough to tell you how much I love and miss you, my son. However, know that not a single day has passed when I, Arwen Aenarion Ainsworth, didn't think of you.

If possible, I didn't want to let you go, but circumstances forced me to make that choice. I know that you may not believe me, but it was one of the hardest decisions that I have made in my life.

I pray that you will find it in your heart to forgive me for not being able to stay by your side for these past few years.

Words are not enough to tell you how much I've wanted to hold you in my arms, and kiss you, before you close your eyes to sleep.

William paused in reading the letter, because his vision started to blur. Although the handwriting was beautiful, he could see the dried up tear stains that had merged with the ink of the letter. His heart ached for the sadness of the mother that he hadn't seen since he was born in this world.

Only after he wiped away the tears in his eyes, did he continue to read the rest of the message that his mother wanted to impart to him.

The white crane, Skyla, looked at William silently from the side. She could feel Arwen's bloodline flowing through William's body. It was the bloodline of a High-Elf that had the power to communicate with beasts at a deeper level.

Although it was diluted, it still allowed William to communicate with Ella, and the members of his herd. When she saw William's tears, the white crane remembered her Master, Arwen, crying as she wrote the letter that she had delivered.

"Both of them are crybabies." This was the thought that appeared in Skyla's head as she continued to observe Arwen's only child, William.



Again, I would like to ask for your forgiveness because it took me ten years to write a letter to you. I was afraid that you would not be old enough to understand my words, so I delayed sending my letters for a few years.

However, after seeing the smiles of the children here in Nytfe Aethel, I wasn't able to hold back my feelings and decided to put them on paper.

I want to know everything about you. The food you like to eat, your hobbies, the environment you grew up in, and whether your father's family is taking good care of you. Please, tell me everything. Even if it's just about the weather or the things you ate for breakfast.

From this moment onwards, I will write to you at regular intervals. Since the Silvermoon Continent is quite far from the Southern Continent, I could only send you two letters every month.

I am very thankful that Skyla had taken it upon herself to deliver my letter to you. She's my Spirit Beast and I trust her completely. Also, she told me that she would like you to address her as Big Sister Skyla.

It seems that she has the intention of treating you as her little brother. I hope you don't mind it.

I would like to write more, but I'm afraid that I won't be able to stop myself from pouring out all my frustrations in this letter. I don't want to do that.

Again, I pray that you will give me a letter in reply. Know that I will treasure your handwritten letters like a family heirloom.

I will patiently wait for your reply.



Forever loving you,

Arwen Aenarion Ainsworth

William breathed heavily as he finished reading the letter. His heart ached inside his chest as he organized his jumbled thoughts.

This was the first time that his Birth Mother had reached out to him and it caught him by surprise. If someone were to ask him if he hated his mother, Arwen, the answer would be a big NO.

Although he didn't know the circumstances, his grandpa had told him that his mother was carrying a heavy responsibility. Her decision to send William to Lont was to ensure his safety.

William's feelings for Arwen were neither hot nor cold. Right now, Arwen was a stranger to him. Although she was the one that gave birth to him, he hadn't seen or interacted with her for these past ten years.

However, the moment he read his mother's letter, the feelings that had been dormant in his heart, suddenly burst forth. The sweetness, the bitterness, and the ache, all melded together and gave William a taste on what it was like to connect to someone that was miles away from Lont.

He carefully folded the letter and placed it inside his Ring of Conquest. William planned to read it again later after he had calmed down.

The white crane looked at him and let out a soft cry. It released William from his daze and made him realize that he was supposed to write a reply letter to his mother.



"B-Big Sister, Skyla?"

"Krooooo."

"What is my mother like? Can you tell me more about her?"

Skyla looked at William with a soft gaze. Her eyes were saying "This is going to take a while, so why don't we find a place to talk instead of standing here?"

William looked at his surroundings and gave an awkward cough. The two of them were standing near the road and it was not an appropriate place to have a lengthy talk about his mother.

"Let's go to the residence, I will also ask my Aunt Helen to prepare food for you."

"Kroooo."

William, Ella, and Skyla rested in the garden. The white crane started her tale, and William gave her his undivided attention. The crane spoke of the Silvermoon Continent, the Holy City of Nytfe Aethel, and the Aenarion Family.

Skyla was a good storyteller. She didn't mention Arwen's hardships, and only talked about the fun and amusing things about her. Little by little, William started to weave a picture of his mother inside his head.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

A beautiful elf, with long blonde hair, and light-green eyes that would melt the hearts of any man who gazed upon her. Skyla also had a mischievous side on her. She told William stories about his mother like an Auntie on the street that liked to gossip.

William chuckled from time to time as he pictured his noble mother being buried by stacks of papers. Ella, too, listened with a serious expression. She was very curious about the birth mother of her baby.

When Skyla finished her tale, the sun was already about to set.

William thanked her profusely for telling him about his mother. He then busied himself in writing a reply letter that Skyla would be carrying back to the Silvermoon Continent.

After writing his letter, William pestered James for a storage ring that he could use to store the gifts that he planned to give to his mother. James agreed to his request and even opened the storehouse in order to add some special products from Lont.

William wanted to give Arwen a special gift that belonged to him, but he couldn't think of any. In the end, he decided to give her the cloak that was made from the pelt of the Thunder Horned Wolf that he had personally slain in battle.

Helen had stitched William's name on the cloak, and the boy thought that it was a suitable gift for his mother.

He placed the storage ring inside the cylindrical tube, along with his letter. William personally tied the tube on Skyla's leg and ensured that it was firmly held in place.

Before taking off, Skyla nuzzled the side of William's face as if remembering his scent. With a soft cry to say her goodbye, she flew towards the moonlit sky bound for the Silvermoon Continent.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

William watched her go as he placed a hand over his chest. He made an oath that someday in the future, he would personally go to the Holy City of Nytfe Aethel and reunite with his mother.

Whether their reunion would be filled with happiness or tears, only time would tell.


Chapter 57

Five hours after Skyla left the skies of Lont, William and the goats gathered inside the goat shed to plan their strategy in exploring the dungeon. 

He knew that the time would come when he would reunite with his mother, but until then, he would have to focus on getting stronger. 

After a unanimous vote, everyone decided that they shouldn't go to the Fourteenth Floor where the Goblin Shaman resided.

There were a couple of reasons for this, but it was mostly due to the trauma that William and the goats had experienced during their last battle. Also, William's Dark Mage Job Class was still Level 0.

In order to fight against the Hobgoblin Shaman, William must first reach Level 15 in order to gain sufficient skill points and learn the skills to counter its dark magic. For that to happen, they decided to just focus on gaining experience on Floors Eleven to Thirteen.

William, Ella, and the goats approved of this plan. After making their last minute preparations, they once again returned to the Goblin Crypt. 

Goblin Crypt Floor Eleven…

< Exp Gained 220 >

< Exp Gained 220 >

< Exp Gained 220 >



< Exp Gained 220 >

William and the goats started to sweep the entire floor hunting for Hobgoblins as experience points. The subclass that was currently equipped was Dark Mage, while the supporting spell that William chose from the Ice Mage Job Class was Mana Regeneration. 

Due to the system, William was able to choose one skill that he could use even though he had switched his job class. The system allowed William to equip one skill per job class as long as the requirement was met.

What was the requirement for the support skills to work? The job class must be at max level. Since William had the Ice Mage at Max, he was able to choose one spell from the Ice Mage Job Class and place it in the support magic slot.

This was the magic that William could freely use regardless of what kind of Job Class he was currently using. It was one of the perks of having the blessing of the God Of All Trades and William was very satisfied with this feature.

After all the mobs in the Eleventh Floor had been cleared, they immediately headed towards the Twelfth Floor. The teamwork of the goats was starting to bear fruit as their speed in clearing the floors increased. 

William and Ella didn't join the battle. They just stayed in the rear and watched as the Angorian Goats developed their battle sense. 

Battle Sense was a skill that could not be taught. It was something that could only be learned through first hand experience. The Angorian Goats had good temperaments, so it wasn't easy for them to become warriors at the get go. 

William and Ella had spent years in the Goblin Crypt before they developed their own battle style. If they hadn't encountered the Hobgoblin Shaman on the Fourteenth Floor, William was sure that they would have already cleared the Fourteenth Floor long ago. 



"Remember, don't let your guard down," William reminded the goats. "Even though there isn't a single monster that can threaten you on this floor, you mustn't be too overconfident. Always work as a team to achieve victory!"

""Meeeeeeh!""

""Meeeeeeh!""

""Meeeeeeh!""

The goats bleated their agreement as they focused on the new battles that they were going to face. 

It took them eight hours to clear the Twelfth Floor, and ten hours on the Thirteenth. William's Dark Mage Job Class had gained a total of eleven levels in this dungeon expedition.

After clearing the Thirteenth Floor, he decided to return and call it a day. Ella and the goats had no complaints as well. Although the experience points they gained weren't much, they still managed to get a level each. 

Name: William Von Ainsworth

Race: Half-Elf



Current Exp: 146,283 / 146,283

< Dark Mage Lvl 11 >

Current Job Exp: 455 / 13,316

Name: Ella

Race: Angorian War Ibex

Level: 11

< Strength: 51 >

< Agility: 108 >

< Vitality: 50 >

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

< Intelligence: 40 >

< Dexterity: 30 >

Current Exp: 21,894 / 26,632

Race: Angorian Goat

Level: 21

< Strength: 10 >

< Agility: 28 >

< Vitality: 10 >

< Intelligence: 2 >



< Dexterity: 2 >

Current Exp: 7,033 / 42,508

"Tomorrow, we will be able to reach our target level." William yawned as he embraced his Mama Ella to sleep. "Goodnight, Mama."

"Meeeeeh." Ella nuzzled the side of William's face to bid him goodnight. 

The goatshed remained still and only the sound of William's, and the goats', deep breathing as they slept echoed within its walls. 

Ella watched her wards with a gentle gaze, before, she, too, closed her eyes to sleep. 

Somewhere near the Windkeep Citadel, a great battle was taking place. 

James, along with the masters of Lont were kiting the Big Shots of the Beast Tide from afar. They were trying to split the attention of the monsters in order to help the offensive of the Hellan Kingdom break the Beast Tide's battle formation.

(A/N: Kiting is a term mostly used in games when you attack the enemies from a safe distance so they can't attack you back.)



"Those bastards must be so annoyed right now," James chuckled as he watched John, Blitz, and the Sentinel of Lont, Trent, harass the ranks of the monster army from the air. 

Sentinel was one of the job advancements of the Sniper Class. In order to change to this Job Profession, an important requirement had to be met and that was to single-handedly slay an adult dragon. 

Basically, Sentinels were Dragon Slayers and every faction in the continent wanted one to join their ranks. In the Southern Continent, there were only two Dragon Slayers. One was Trent, and the other one was serving in a different Kingdom. 

Marcus who was seated on top of his mount, Thunder, nodded his head in agreement. "We're lucky that the Big Boss of the Beast Tide was a Flood Dragon. Due to Trent's harassment, it couldn't command the monster army effectively."

"Even so, this will still be a very difficult battle for the kingdom," Jekyll commented. "The Beast Tide has the Harpy Queen to command the army from the air. On the ground, they have the Lamia Queen and the Garm to take charge. Those two cannot be underestimated because they are very sly monsters."

"It's fine as long as we keep the Flood Dragon busy," A monk holding a wine jar said in a casual manner. "According to my prediction, the winner of this war will be determined in two days' time."

"Dwayne, you already saw all the Big Shots in the monster army." James looked at the monk who was happily drinking from the wine jar in his hand. "At most we need to deal with three of them. What are our best choices?"

Dwayne burped and closed his eyes. "Of course we need to take the Flood Dragon. It is the best catch and we can't let the nobles get it. As for the last two, I think the Ourobro (Golden Ape), and the Amphisbaena (Two Headed Serpent) will be very helpful in Lont."

"I can understand about the Amphisbaena, but Ourobro? That one needs careful consideration," James replied as he played with his beard. "A single punch from that Golden Ape can demolish the Walls of the Windkeep Citadel with ease."



"Ah, about that, Boss," Dwayne said with a mischievous smile. "I am looking for a Beast Companion, and that monkey is the one that I've always wanted. For it to appear here can be considered a fateful encounter, don't you agree?"

"You still have a big appetite," James grinned. "How confident are you in subduing it?"

"As expected of Boss," Dwayne grinned and pressed both of his palms together. "I have already prepared for this day for many years. I alone can deal with that monkey. What I need to ask from everyone, and Boss, is to just lure it to our direction. I'm confident that I will be able to subdue it with ease."

"Okay, we will move when the Hellan Kingdom launches their full offensive," James nodded his head. 

The night passed swiftly as James and the others lay in wait. They were like a pack of bandits waiting for the treasures to be drawn in their direction. For them, the outcome of this battle had already been set in stone. What they needed to do was to reap as many benefits as they could during the chaos, and return to Lont in a triumphant manner.


Chapter 58

"It's nice to see that you are looking very beautiful today, Master," William greeted Celine with a smile.

Celine was seated on the couch on the first floor, wearing a black dress that covered every inch of her body except her neck and head. Even so, it wasn't able to hide Celine's beautiful curves that made William fall into a daze.

In Celine's eyes, William was still a child, so she didn't pay much attention to his reactions. She nodded her head with a smile as she made a gesture for the little boy to come closer.

"Since you have accepted me as your Master, it is only normal that I give you a gift in return," Celine said as she took a beautiful collar out of her storage ring. "This is your gift as my disciple. Wear it proudly on your neck."

"Um?" William accepted the collar and appraised it using his skill.

Collar of Wisteria

-- An ornate collar made from Mithril forged by an Elven Master from the Silvermoon Continent.

-- This collar is embedded with runic language that makes whoever wears it become Celine Dy Wisteria's slave for 4 years.

-- Increases resistance to Curses by 50%

-- Cannot be removed except by Celine Dy Wisteria.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"Hyeok!" William almost dropped the collar in his hands as he read its information.

"M-Master, this collar is too precious," William stuttered. "Allow this humble disciple of yours to decline your magnanimous gift. I am not deserving of your grace!"

He then hurriedly tried to return the collar, but Celine's smile froze him in place.

"What's this?" Celine asked. "I prepared this gift just for you, and you don't plan to wear it?"

"Master, this humble disciple is not worthy!" William answered with a serious expression. 'Fck! You think I'm stupid? Why should I wear a slave collar?! This Sir refuses to become a slave!'

Celine chuckled, but her eyes, that were locked on William, were screaming murder. "Little Will, are you defying your master's orders?"

"Master's orders are something that this disciple would gladly follow," William replied in a respectful and righteous tone. "However, I am not deserving of this amazing gift that Master has bestowed upon me."

"But, I insist that you have it."

"I-In that case, I will treasure this gift with all my heart!"



William hurriedly placed the Collar of Wisteria inside his Ring of Conquest, but the magical artifact refused to be stored inside it.

Celine watched this scene with amusement. William huffed and puffed in an attempt to force the collar to the storage ring, but it yielded no results.

"William, wear it," Celine ordered. "If you do, I promise to give you additional rewards~"

"Master, it's fine. I don't need any additional rewards~" William stated in a righteous manner. "Being your disciple is all the reward that I need."

"Brat, are you going to wear it or must I force you to wear it?"

"I'm not going to wear it!"

"Haha! It seems that you're not as stupid as you look, but it's too late! Your Fate was sealed the moment you entered my house!"

Celine let go of any fake pretenses and cast a paralyzing spell on William. The boy's stiff body fell unto the floor which startled Ella who was standing by his side.

Ella realized that her baby was in danger so she immediately charged towards Celine in order to protect him. However, the Dark Sorceress had already anticipated this to happen.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

A blue orb shot from Celine's fingers and hit Ella at point blank range. Immediately, the goat collapsed to the floor, deep asleep.

"Mama!" William screamed. "M-Master! What are you trying to accomplish by doing this?!"

Even though his body couldn't move, his mouth was free to say whatever he wanted.

"I'm just strengthening the bonds of our Master and servan-- I mean, Master and disciple relationship," Celine answered with a smile. "Now, Little Will, time for you to become my slave~"

When Barbatos told William that Celine was the "crazy kind of crazy" he didn't believe him completely. Now, he had no doubt that his Master was indeed crazy. For her to try to enslave a ten-year-old boy with a smile on her face, that was free of guilt, was a very scary thing to see.

Celine took the mithril collar from William's hand and was about to put it on William's neck when the boy asked her a question.

"Master, why?" William asked. "Why must you do this?"

The young boy looked at Celine with a face filled with injustice. She could see the tears that were about to fall at the side of the boy's eyes as he spoke of his grievances.

"Little Will, don't think bad of me," Celine said in a soft voice that was as smooth as silk. "It's just that my experiment failed because you disturbed me when I was at the crucial stage. Don't you know? I spent many years gathering those ingredients.



"I spent a lot of resources to get them and what did I get in return? A bunch of crocodile hides? This is not what you call equivalent exchange, my little disciple."

Celine caressed the side of William's face. "Either your grandpa pays me up in full, or you have to serve me for four years of your life. Either way, it would still not be enough to pay for the losses that I incurred to protect Lont."

"S-Still, isn't this unfair?" William tried to use reason.

"Since when did life become fair?" Celine asked. Her expression gradually became cold as she looked down at the boy on the floor. "Little Will, you have no idea what fairness is. Life has never been fair. There are people who have to beg in order to live, and there are those that were born with a silver spoon on their mouth.

"Both are people, but their circumstances are like Heaven and Earth. William, the only one who gets to decide what is fair or not, is the one with the bigger fist."

Celine's soft and delicate hand caressed William's cheek. "Right now, I have the bigger fist. Because I am stronger than you, I can bully you. This is the law of the strong."

Seeing William's unresigned gaze, Celine no longer argued with him and placed the slave collar on his neck. A resounding click echoed inside the room as the Mithril Collar glowed on William's neck.

< Warning! Host is being enslaved! >

< Opening System's defensive measures >



< Warning! System's current Rank is insufficient to override the enslavement process. >

< Enslavement Process Completed. >

< Host is now a slave of Celine Dy Wisteria >

< Enslavement Duration: 4 Years >

William felt his consciousness blur as his gaze clouded over. He could feel his strength leaving his body. He tried to raise his head to look at the beautiful woman who was looking down on him, but his vision was already blurry.

"Sleep," a soft and almost musical order reached his ears. "When you wake up, your apprenticeship will officially begin."

When William closed his eyes and fell asleep, Celine patted his head gently. The cold and arrogant expression she had a few minutes ago were now gone. Instead, she had a sad look on her face as she looked at her one and only disciple.

'I'm sorry, William,' Celine said inside her heart. 'It's fine if you hate me. But this is the baptism that all Dark Mages has to go through. It doesn't matter how much you resent me. I will take it all. This is my duty as your Master.'

Oliver, the parrot monkey, eyed William from his perch and sighed internally. His Mistress might act crazy at times, but he knew deep inside that she was a very kind and caring person. The loyal guardian knew that Celine was doing this for William's own good, but this was something that he couldn't tell the boy.



Oliver decided to observe for now. The only problem was William's family. The Parrot Monkey was sure that the Ainsworth Family would definitely be enraged by Celine's arbitrary action.


Chapter 59

When William opened his eyes, he found himself in an unfamiliar place.

"Where am I?" William frowned. Although the place was dark, his Night Vision activated and it helped him scan his surroundings. With a glance, his intuition told him that he should be somewhere underground.

When he tried to move his body, he was surprised to discover that his arms and feet were bound by metallic chains. He tried to free himself from the bindings, but his current strength was not enough to break free.

"Meeeeeeh!"

A familiar sound reached his ears and William hurriedly looked to his right.

"Mama, are you alright?"

"Meeeeeeh!"

Ella's feet and neck were held by chains making it impossible for her to break free. Ella was stronger than William, so if she wasn't able to break her bindings, it would be more impossible for him to do so.

"Finally, you're awake," Celine's voice reverberated in the room and William could hear the tinge of amusement in them. "Don't bother to free yourself from those bindings. Those chains were made from Adamantium and runic languages were set in place so that you couldn't use magic."

"Master, I don't care if you imprison me, but please, let Mama Ella go!" William pleaded. "You can do anything you want with me, but don't hurt her!"



"Meeeeeh!" Ella bleated in disapproval. She wouldn't leave William no matter what even if Celine freed her from her shackles.

"How touching," Celine replied. "This is the first time I've seen a human… no, a Half-Elf calls a goat his mother. As for your request? Sorry, I have no intention of freeing the two of you. As your Master, it is necessary for me to educate you properly. Oliver, I'll leave Little Will's basic training to you."

The Parrot Monkey appeared inside the room from who knows where. It then hovered in the air and gave William and Ella a sinister grin.

"Good day, I, Oliver, will be your trainer for today," Oliver said. "Your first training is gaining resistance to curses. Without further adieu, enjoy your first taste of suffering."

"Confuse Ray!" Oliver shouted and two beams of red light shot out from its eyes.

The beam hit William's body and the boy's expression immediately slackened. A few seconds later, he screamed and struggled within his bindings. The Confuse Ray was one of the skills of a Dark Magician that could make its target enter a berserked state.

William was currently in a berserk state as he growled and shouted like a crazy person who had lost his mind.

"Meeeeeeh!"

Ella screamed in anger when she saw William's current state. Her baby was in a deranged state of mind and bruises were starting to appear on his skin as he tried to break free from the metallic chains that bound him.



"Don't worry, you will also suffer the same fate," Oliver commented. "Confuse Ray!"

Ella wasn't spared and a red beam of light hit her, dead center.

"MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEH!"

Ella's berserk state was more wild compared to William. Ella rattled her chains without caring whether she bled or not. She tossed, turned, kicked, and screamed as she transformed into an Angorian War Ibex.

Oliver and Celine watched all of this with indifference. As Dark Magicians, there was a time when they, too, were subjected to harsh training.

"Oliver, continue to use Confuse Ray on them once they snap out of their daze. You already know how to gauge their limit, right?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good." Celine nodded her head. "I'll leave the first phase of their training to you. Call me when it's over."

"By your will, My Lady," Oliver bowed his head in acknowledgement.



That day, William had entered the berserk state more than fifty times. He collapsed on his bindings with his saliva dripping at the side of his lips. Ella, too, was in a similar state, if not worse.

Their wrists, and ankles were bleeding due to their excessive movement, but the pain was not enough to bring them out of their unconscious state.

Owen entered the room with a sigh. He checked William's and Ella's current condition before healing the injuries in their body. He fed them a special potion that was filled with nutrients. With this potion, they did not need to eat for three days for it was potent enough to supply their body with the necessary sustenance they needed to survive.

It was a potion made from the heart, liver, and blood, of the Golden-Scaled Crocodile. Owen had already been briefed by Celine of the training regimen that she had prepared for William. His task was to heal the injuries they would sustain from the training, and ensure that they would not die from hunger and starvation.

'The training for Dark Magicians is too harsh, compared to Life Magicians,' Owen sighed as he finished his task. 'I just hope that Celine wouldn't break the boy with her training.'

A week passed by in a blur, and finally a group of people made their way towards the town of Lont.

"We're finally back," James said as he breathed in the air of his territory. "Home sweet home."

James was currently seated on the left shoulder of the Ourobro (Golden Ape) and admiring the town of Lont from its vantage point.

"I'll inform the others of our arrival," John declared. His Beast Companion, Blitz, let out a shriek as it flew ahead of the group.



"I'll go as well," Marcus said as he urged Thunder to increase its speed. James, along with the eight people that were left behind took their time to arrive in Lont.

When the giant Golden Ape appeared outside of town, everyone went into an uproar. The mighty beast looked so imposing that everyone looked at it with awe and admiration.

Dwayne, who succeeded in taming it as his Beast Companion grinned with pride. Among the Milllennial Beast, the Golden Ape was considered to be in the middle of the SS-Class Spirit Tier because of its well rounded battle prowess.

It was also the only Beast who was capable of using the Frenzy Skill without losing its rationality.

The Frenzy Skill is the upgraded version of Berserk. The Berserk skill would strip the user of its rationality in return for multiplying its strength threefold. Similar to Berserk, the Frenzy Skill, on the other hand, would increase the Beast's strength fivefold.

Ourobro was the only Spirit Beast in existence that was immune to the effect of the Frenzy state, which made it a lean-mean-killing machine on steroids. Few monsters would be able to face it and survive its beating with an intact body.

This was why Dwayne begged everyone to help him secure it when the all out battle was taking place.

James and the rest went back to their own lodgings to rest after arriving in Lont. The battle that they had experienced was quite intense, but the rewards were worth it. The old man was in a good mood and he walked towards the Ainsworth Residence while humming a tune.

Mordred followed him to the battlefield because he was worried that his father might get carried away if no one restrained him. They had left Owen in charge of Lont while they were away, for they knew that they could count on him to handle everything even if they were not around.



When the two men arrived at their home, the one who greeted them at the entrance was Helen.

"Welcome Back, Sir, and Young Lord," Helen said with a smile.

"Ah, Helen, how is everything?" James asked. "Is my stupid grandson doing well?"

"Little Will hasn't returned home for a week," Helen said with a worried expression. "He's currently staying at Celine's house. When I went there to check on him, the only one I saw was Celine. She explained that Little Will was undergoing training at the moment and couldn't be disturbed by anyone."

"Oh? Training, is it?" James smiled. "Wait, why is Celine training William?"

"Ah, didn't you know about it, Sir?" Helen tilted her head in confusion. "I thought Sir was aware that Celine had taken William as her disciple."

"Hoh~" James played with his beard as he gazed at his son, Mordred.

"Is it true that William hadn't been home for a week?" Mordred frowned.

"Yes," Helen replied. "Young Lord, to tell you the truth, I'm worried about him."

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

James chuckled and patted Helen's shoulder. "Alright, I'll check up on William for a while. Make sure to cook my favorite dishes for lunch. I'm starving, Helen."

"Understood." Helen smiled. "I'll prepare a feast for Sir's triumphant return."

"I'll look forward to it!" James winked. He then made his way towards the South where Celine's house was located.


Chapter 60

"Celine, what's the meaning of this?!" James roared when he saw the mithril collar on William's neck. "How dare you enslave my grandson?"

When James arrived at Celine's house, the first thing he saw was William sweeping the porch with a resigned expression. For a man of his caliber, it was very easy for him to identify that the collar on William's neck was a slave collar.

He barged inside the house carrying his grandson in his arms with a livid face as he called out to the master of the house.

"Celine, come out! If you don't, I'll tear your house into pieces!" James threatened.

"Hmp, I'd like to see you try to do anything to my house, Old Man," Celine replied as she made her way down from the stairs.

James glared at the beautiful woman and pointed at William's neck, "What's the meaning of this? Young lady, if you don't give me a proper explanation, I will have no choice but to punish you for bullying my grandson."

"A proper explanation?" Celine smirked. "Very well, here is your proper explanation."

Celine walked towards James and shoved a scroll in his face.

James grumpily took the scroll from Celine's hand and read its contents.

"One dragon heart, three horns of the Great Unicorn, A spirit core of a Fighting Djinn, Six Scales of Kun Peng, One Tooth of Taotite…" James' eyes widened as he continued to read the rest of the contents that were written on the scroll.



"These are ingredients?" James asked.

"Yes." Celine answered. "Those are the ingredients that I lost while conducting my experiment. Do you know, Old Man? I was only a step away from succeeding when your grandson hawked, hawed, and begged me to save Lont?"

"Save Lont?" James frowned. "Did something happen while I was away?"

The corner of Celine's lips curled up to a sneer. "Little Will, tell your grandpa about the incident that happened while he was off to gain some profits."

William sighed because he was duty bound by the slave collar to speak the truth. He narrated the story to his grandpa and told him everything about the attack of the Black-Scaled Crocodiles during his absence.

James' face went from red to green when he learned that Lont had almost been wiped off the map because of his negligence.

If not for Celine's intervention, he and his comrades would have returned to a place of ruins.

"Old Man, if you can reimburse me with my losses, I'll remove the collar from William's neck," Celine said with a sweet smile. "Cough up, and give me, the goods and we can all pretend that this thing never happened."

James gave an awkward cough as he patted William's shoulder.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"William, remember, a man must learn how to pay his debts."

"Grandpa, why don't you pay my debts in my stead."

"Silly boy, how can you ask your grandpa to do hard labor? Don't you know that I'm suffering from arthritis?!"

"B*llsh*t! I didn't see you suffering from arthritis when you fought against the Wolf Tide! You were as hale and hearty as a teenager!"

"Ungrateful grandson!" James grabbed William's clothes and lifted him up with a hand. "Have you forgotten that I was the one who fed you milk when you were still a baby?!"

"What load of crap are you spouting old man?!" William roared. "The one who gave me milk when I was a baby was Mama Ella!"

"You fool! The one who raised your Mama Ella was me! Since she's the one who fed you milk, that is equivalent to me giving you milk! Ungrateful grandson!"

"Stupid old man, if you've got guts fight me for two hundred rounds!"

"You're asking for it, boy!"

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

The stupid grandfather and grandson wrestled each other like two monkeys. Even Oliver, the Parrot Monkey, had to admit that the two were really related to each other.

Five minutes later, the two fools panted as they glared at each other. James then reluctantly tore away his gaze and looked at Celine.

"How many years will he be your slave?"

"Four years. Of course, if you can pay me ahead of time then I can free him anytime."

"Just four years?" James questioned.

"Yes. Only four years." Celine nodded.

James stood up and fixed his clothes. "Okay, we have a deal."

"Excuse me?" William pounded his grandpa's stomach. "How about my say in this matter?"

James grabbed William and took him outside the house to talk. When the old man deemed that no one would be able to hear their conversation, he gave William a serious gaze.



"Listen here, William. I understand that this may be hard for you right now, but bear with it," James said with a serious expression. "Your Master, Celine had saved Lont. You might not realize it, but she had indeed suffered great losses when she went to battle the Golden-Scaled Crocodile and his minions."

"Is it really that bad?" William asked.

"Look at this list." James sighed as he gave the scroll to William. "Everything written here is a treasure. When we joined the Kingdom to fight against the Beast Horde, we managed to defeat the Flood Dragon. One of the materials on that list is Dragon's Heart.

"Although we have the heart in our possession, it doesn't belong to me alone. It was the reward that the group decided to give Trent for his help in slaying the Flood Dragon at a crucial time. Everything listed there is an SS-Class ingredient. It means that you have to hunt Centennial, Millennial, and Myriad Beasts to acquire them."

William pouted as he looked at the scroll in his hand. There were over twenty five ingredients listed on the scroll. If what his grandpa told him was true then it meant that getting them all in a short period of time was impossible.

"Tell me, William, does Celine mistreat you?" James inquired. "Ever since you became her slave. Does she do things to you?"

"Grandpa, listen, Master tortures me everyday," William whined.

He told him all the bad experiences he suffered under Celine's hands. James listened to his complaints with a calm expression. His expression didn't change even though William made the events more gruesome than they originally were.

"Is that so?" James said in an unperturbed manner. "Then, William, tell me, did you really not gain anything from those experiences?"



"T-That." William wanted to say he didn't gain anything, but if he really did it, he would be lying.

"That what?" James stared straight at the young boy's eyes. "Did you really not gain anything?"

William lowered his gaze and sighed. "I did gain something. But, grandpa, it really hurts."

"Have you heard of the saying, what doesn't kill you makes you stronger?" James smirked. "This is exactly what is happening to you right now. Although you are suffering, you are also getting stronger. In the end, isn't it a good thing?"

Seeing that his grandson had finally calmed down, James chuckled and lifted him off the ground. He then placed him on his shoulders as he took him to a hill overlooking Lont.

"W-What is that?!" William gasped as he pointed at the Ourobro at the distance. "What a big monkey!"

"Ape, not monkey," James corrected. "That is an Ourobro, one of the gains we acquired when we went to Windkeep Citadel to fight against the Beast Tide."

"I want one too!" William said with sparkling eyes. "It looks so cool!"

"It does look cool." James agreed.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

It was at that moment when Ella arrived beside the two of them. She didn't find William in Celine's house, so she decided to follow their trail, which led her to a hill overlooking Lont.

After admiring the coolness of the Golden Ape in the distance, James took William back to the Ainsworth Residence to have lunch. A feast was waiting for them when they arrived and William ate with gusto.

Mordred, Anna, Leah, Cedric, and Helen, were shocked when they saw the collar on William's neck. All of them became angry, but James explained the situation properly. Although Mordred, Anna, and Helen were still unresigned, they decided to trust James and let the matter go.

However, that didn't stop Anna and Hellen from spoiling William by piling heaps of meat on his plate.

After lunch ended, James decided to take William back to Celine's house.

"Will, I know that this may sound cruel coming from me, but four years as Celine's slave is a small price to pay for the lives of the people in Lont," James said as he walked beside his grandson. "If she hadn't stepped up to offer her assistance, many people would have died."

"I know," William replied. "Grandpa, there's no need to say anything more. I understand. Although Master can get a bit crazy at times, she's a good person."

"That she is." James nodded. "She's someone who knows what suffering means. Her entire life has been filled with suffering. Even now, she's still suffering. William, take good care of her. At least, here in Lont, I wish for her to suffer less."

William really didn't understand what James was trying to say, but he still nodded his head. "I will do my best, Grandpa."



"Meeeeeeh."

"Ah, I almost forgot about you, Ella. Be sure to look after William like you always do."

"Meeeeeh."

William would be lying if he said that he didn't resented Celine. How could he not? However, aside from the "training" his Master didn't order him to do anything unreasonable. He could only sigh in his heart and tell himself that his enslavement will end after he turned fourteen.

Since that was the case, he would just focus on his training and increase his resistance against Dark Magic. Oliver would often give him snarky remarks that a Dark Mage who was affected by curses from the same field had no right to call themselves Dark Mages.

After giving it some thought, William felt that he had a point. If he could be immune to curses, it could be used as a trump card in the future when he fought against Dark Mages of the same rank.


Chapter 61

(A/N: Some of you asked for this chapter and I delivered. May all of you Enjoy it!)

The cry of a crane echoed in the distance and Arwen hurriedly ran towards the balcony of her room.

Her gaze locked on the black speck on the horizon that was slowly becoming bigger and bigger. As a High-Elf, Arwen was a very patient person due to her long lifespan. However, for some reason, she was feeling impatient. She wanted time to speed up a little faster, so that Skyla could arrive in front of her right this instant!

The long and excruciating wait had ended when the crane finally landed on the balcony. Instead of greeting the crane, Arwen immediately untied the cylinder that was tied to her leg.

Skyla started to peck Arwen's head in dissatisfaction because her friend didn't even greet her and just focused on the package that she had painstakingly brought with her from the Southern Continent!

"Ouch! Skyla, Stop! I apologize for ignoring you. Please, stop pecking me!" Arwen hurriedly apologized and did her best to pacify the disgruntled crane who had traveled a long distance to deliver her message and bring back her beloved son's reply to her letter.

"Krooooo!" (After I delivered your letter for you, this is how you repay me?!)

"Sorry! It won't happen again!"

"Krooooo!" (It better not happen again or else, I won't deliver your letter next time!)

"Skyla is the best! As expected of a Royal Silvermoon Crane who is prided for their elegance, beauty, and kind heart."

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"Kroooo!" (Fool! Your flattery won't get you anywhere!)

After ten minutes of coaxing and a gracious serving of silvermoon milk fish, Skyla finally quieted down and closed her eyes to rest. Although traveling across continents wasn't difficult for her, a roundtrip from the Silvermoon Continent and Southern Continent was still an exhausting journey to say the least.

Seeing that her best friend had finally calmed down, Arwen heaved a sigh of relief and sat on a chair to read her son's letter.

To be honest, she was afraid to read William's reply. What if he wrote that he hated her? What if he wrote a letter of complaint for abandoning him? As these negative thoughts passed through her head, Arwen felt that the cylindrical package she was holding in her hands suddenly became heavy.

Arwen took deep breaths in order to calm her restless heart. No matter what, she had to know what William thought of her.

As she opened the cylinder, a folded scroll and a ring fell into her hand.

Arwen took another round of deep breaths before she unhurriedly unrolled the scroll to read William's reply.

To my beloved mother who thinks of me every single day,

Hello, and good day to you, Mother.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

To be perfectly honest, it took me more than fifteen minutes to write that single sentence because I have no idea on how I should start my letter.

I didn't know that writing a reply letter was going to be this hard.

Arwen lightly giggled as she read her son's first sentences. She could understand that feeling because she had experienced the same when she decided to write a letter to him. Her eyes wandered across William's handwriting.

Although it wasn't as elegant as hers, she still fell in love with the firm and bright strokes that showed his determination to reply to her letter.

Let me formally introduce myself first. My name is William Von Ainsworth, the most handsome boy in the Southern Continent. Grandpa James said that I look just like you, Mother, so that means that you are definitely the most beautiful lady in the Silvermoon Continent.

I was surprised when I saw Big Sister Skyla appear in Lont carrying your letter. I've never seen a white crane as big and as smart as her. She was very gentle and kind enough to tell me stories about you, my grandparents, the Holy City of Nytfe Aethel, and the Silvermoon Continent.

Big Sister Skyla also said that although my mother is beautiful, she is also the biggest crybaby in the Holy City of Nytfe Aethel.

Arwen's lips twitched when she read the part of her being a crybaby. She glared at the sleeping Skyla at the side.

'You traitor!' Arwen thought. 'How dare you tell my son that I'm a crybaby? I'm not!'



As if sensing her glare, Skyla opened her eyes and gave her the "What? You have a problem with me?" side-long glance which made Arwen immediately avert her gaze.

Between Skyla and Arwen, the crane had always been the more aggressive of the two. She had been Arwen's protector for years and had treated the High-Elf as if she were her own little sister. This was why Arwen couldn't go against Skyla, even if she was made to drink two jars of courage.

With a defeated heart, Arwen returned to reading William's letter.

Don't worry, Mother. Even if you are really a crybaby as Big Sister Skyla said, that won't change the fact that you are my mother, and I care for you.

It is quite regretful that I didn't get the opportunity to see your face when I was still a baby. If possible, can you please send me a drawing of you, so that I may know what my beautiful mother looks like?

My Mama Ella also wants to see you.

Ah, before I forget. Mama Ella is the one who took care of me since I was a baby. She's an Angorian Goat and I grew up drinking her milk everyday. In my heart, she is my second mother who is just as irreplaceable as you.

I hope there comes a day when you can meet each other. I love her very much.

"I wish to meet her too," Arwen muttered. She wanted to meet William's second mother who had been with him since he was a baby. Arwen also felt envious, and jealous, of Ella because she had witnessed William's growth in her place.



She could feel, based on William's handwriting, that her son really loved Ella. She even felt worried that William loved Ella more than he loved her.

Although she could understand William's feelings for Ella because the two of them had been together for many years, she still felt bitter in her heart. Arwen, too, wished that she could have stayed by William's side and see his growth from a baby who could barely crawl, to a young boy who was as narcissistic as his Grandfathers.

Yes. James and Theoden were both narcissistic individuals. It seemed that both of their genes had been passed down to William.

Mother, Lont may be the crudest place in the Southern Continent, but this small town--where I grew up--is very warm. The people here are lively and full of life. Uncle Mordred, Aunt Anna, Aunt Helen, Cousin Matthew, and Grandpa are very warm and loving people.

I think of myself as a very fortunate person because everyday is filled with love and happiness. That is why, Mother, you don't have to worry about my well-being. I am very happy right now, and I feel like I'm the luckiest boy in the world to be part of this loving family.

There are many more things that I'd like to say, but I'm afraid that my tears will start to fall if I continue to put it into words. Perhaps, I also received some crybaby genes from you, Mother.

Rest assured, although I can't put the rest of my thoughts into words. I will make up for it in the gifts that I will enclose along with this letter. I managed to pester Grandpa James and he agreed to open the storage house, so that I can send you some of the specialties of Lont.

I also added a few more gifts for my Grandparents who I want to meet someday in Nytfe Aethel. I don't know if these gifts will be to their liking, but I hope that they will not turn them away.

Lastly, Mother, even though this is the first time we've communicated with each other, know that I don't hate you. Although, I'm sad that we have to part from each other, I know that you did it for my sake.



Words can't express how much I want to see you, so please, if possible, send me a painting of you. I will also ask Grandpa to have me painted as well, so that you will be able to see how handsome and amazing your son is.

I pray that our fated reunion will come a day sooner.

Thinking of you from the Southern Continent,

William Von Ainsworth.

Arwen's eyes blurred as she pressed the letter to her chest. She felt relieved, and happy that William didn't hate her. However, she also felt bitter because her feelings of love were overflowing, but she couldn't give them to him.

Arwen's tears streamed down the sides of her beautiful face, but she made no attempts to stop them.

Skyla, who was resting at the side, opened her eyes for a brief moment, before closing them again. Contrary to what Skyla had told William, Arwen was not a crybaby. As the Saintess of the World Tree, it was impossible for her to show her emotional side to the public.

Only when she was alone, and thinking of her departed husband, and their far away son, does she allow the tears to fall from her eyes. She had to remain strong for both of their sakes, and Skyla understood this well.

It was also for this reason that she was willing to undertake the long and dangerous journey to travel between continents to deliver Arwen's letter. If this was the only way to make her "little Arwen" happy then Skyla would even face off against a Dragon if it meant that she could bring William's message back to his loving mother's arms.



That night, Arwen dreamed a happy dream. A dream where her beloved son was nestled inside her loving embrace, and no one in the world would separate the two of them ever again.


Chapter 62

When William returned to Celine's house, the beautiful lady was lying on the couch and taking a nap. James left because he didn't want to disturb her and simply told William to take good care of himself.

Since he had accepted that his grandson was now Celine's disciple, it also meant that he would be staying in Celine's house for the time being. This was how apprenticeship was done in their world.

Gaining a disciple was similar to adopting a child. As a Master, it was their responsibility to take care of their disciple till their apprenticeship was over.

William and James had also discussed along the way that a goat pen and goat shed should be built outside of Celine's house. He needed to take care of his herd as well, so bringing them to Celine's place was the ideal thing to do.

Five days later, a brand new goat pen and shed were constructed on the property of the Dark Sorceress. James paid for the labor and materials, and also made sure that the new goat shed would be comfortable enough for William and the rest of the goats to stay in.

He knew that this was going to be William's secret base when he was going to head inside the Ring of Conquest. With that in mind, James asked the carpenters to make it relatively secure so that no one would be able to get in, unless they entered through the front entrance.

After two weeks of torture, William and Ella had started to develop some resistance to the Berserk Curse. Although they suffered, they had also gained a lot through the experience. Even though they had entered the berserked state, there were times where they were able to retain their state of mind to a certain extent.

Seeing that the training was quite effective, William pleaded with Celine to add Chronos, Aslan, and the rest of the goats in their training. Celine didn't particularly mind and simply found the notion interesting.

Oliver was still the one in charge of the training, so adding a few more goats into the mix wouldn't be a big deal.

After two months of extensive training, William and his herd managed to clear the Fourteenth Floor with flying colors. On their first few tries, the Goblin Shaman was able to neutralize their party with Blind and Berserk spells. Although William, and Ella had raised their immunity, the Hobgoblin Shaman was a master in Dark Magic.



Aside from curses, it was also able to wield the power of darkness up to the Fourth Circle. What did that mean? It meant that William and Ella had to deal with a bonafide elemental mage, which was a very dangerous foe to face.

A Hobgoblin Shaman was equivalent to William in terms of firepower. Even Ella in her War Ibex Form couldn't afford to take a direct hit from its elemental attacks. Fortunately, it only took two months before the group managed to overcome this obstacle.

William, Ella, and the goats advanced steadily as they made their way towards the lower floors. The Fifteenth Floor was quite challenging because every group of Hobgoblins had one Hobgoblin Leader and Hobgoblin Shaman in their ranks.

Of course, after the goats had developed an immunity to certain spells, the battle didn't go as badly as before. William's battle style had also greatly improved and he had now become a Pseudo-Battle Mage.

Although he still hadn't polished his close combat skills, he was not helpless when fighting enemies at close quarters.

Another month passed, and William managed to conquer the Goblin Crypt up to the Seventeenth Floor. He could still advance their exploration, but he decided to put it on hold, at least for the time being.

The reason why he decided to stop their advance was because of the pending quest that he hadn't finished--to go to a temple in order to talk to Gavin.

Since the remnants of the Beast Tide had mostly been eradicated, it was now safe again to travel in the Western Region. All he needed to do was to gain permission from his Master and his Grandpa to leave Lont and finish his pending mission.

"Alright, I will approve of your request to visit the temple," Celine said in a lazy voice. "However, you must bring me a souvenir when you get back."

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

"Thank you, Master," William replied. "What kind of souvenir do you want?"

"Any kind as long as it's good."

"Understood."

After getting his Master's approval, William sought out his Grandfather next.

"Visit the temple?" James played with his beard for a while as he weighed the pros and cons of sending William outside of Lont.

"Isn't it fine?" William insisted. "The Beast Tide is already dealt with and the roaming monsters are being hunted down. Besides, I am not going alone. Mama Ella and the other goats will accompany me in the journey."

"Well, I guess you can go," James relented after his grandson's constant pleading. "But, you must promise me one thing. If you face a monster that is impossible to beat, you must escape as fast as you can. Do I make myself clear?"

"I promise." William nodded his head like a hen pecking rice. "Thank you, Grandpa. I will be careful!"

"Go and find Helen," James ordered. "She will help you prepare the things that you will need for your journey. According to my estimation, you will be able to reach the Temple in four to six days. Tell her to give you enough supplies for ten days."

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

"Okay!" William hurriedly left and went to look for his Aunt Helen. He was afraid that James would change his mind and prevent him from leaving Lont.

The old man watched the young boy go with a chuckle.

"Ezio," James said softly.

A shadow appeared inside the room and a man wearing a black robe appeared in front of James.

"Sir." Ezio bowed his head.

"Watch my grandson from the shadows and ensure his safety."

"I hear and obey, My Liege."

Ezio disappeared from the room. James looked outside the window and stared in the direction of the Holy Temple. He hoped that his grandson wouldn't encounter any mishaps on his first journey outside the borders of Lont.

"Make sure to pay attention to your surroundings," Celine said as she stood at the North Gate of Lont to bid William goodbye. "Also, if you encounter bandits along the way, just kill them. Killing them will ensure that the innocent don't have to suffer."



"Um, Master, are you seriously asking a ten-year-old kid to kill people?" William asked with a pout.

"I killed my first bandit when I was eight," Celine glared at him. "Are you a man? Why are you such a p*ssy?!"

"I killed my first bandit when I was nine," James commented. "As my grandson, you should do your best to kill these bastards at the first opportunity!"

'H-How barbaric!' William thought. 'Are the people of this world really this indifferent to killing?'

William came from Earth so his mindset, when it came to killing people, was very different from the views of the inhabitants of Hestia. If possible, he didn't want to end the life of a human being. Killing monsters was fine, because for him, they were not human.

(A/N: Hestia is the name of William's current world.)

However, he knew that if he was pushed into a corner, he would also steel himself to commit the deed even if he didn't want to.

"Little William, look after yourself," Helen said as she helped him wear a traveling cloak. "I have packed you enough food and clothes for ten days. Make sure to eat on time and rest on time, okay?"

"Thank you, Aunt Helen." William smiled and nodded his head. "I'll come back as soon as I can."



"Good. I will be waiting."

"Un!"

William waved goodbye before mounting Ella's back. "Master, Grandfather, take care!"

"Come back early," Celine said as she waved back.

"Feel free to pick up a girl to bring home as a wife when you return," James shouted. "It doesn't matter how many you bring back. We'll take them all!"

William almost fell off Ella's back when he heard his grandfather's shameless words. The old man still hadn't given up on the notion of playing matchmaker for William. He was even insisting that the more wives he had, the better.

Did he think that beautiful girls grow in the wild like cabbages?!

As the town of Lont disappeared behind his back, William felt a sense of anticipation. It was his first time going on an adventure away from home and it was making him excited and anxious at the same time.

What he didn't know was that during this trip towards the Holy Temple, he would meet someone that would play an important role in his life in the not so distant future.




Chapter 63

"Est, can you accomplish this task?"

"I can."

"Good." A woman who seemed to be in her early thirties nodded her head. "Your father is expecting great things from you. Don't let him down."

"I will do my best, Mother," the boy looked up at his mother with a serious gaze. "I will not let you and father down."

The woman sighed and pulled the boy in her embrace. She then brushed his head affectionately for a time before letting him go.

"Nana, Herman, I leave Est in your care." The woman looked at her two loyal retainers. "Make sure that he returns safe and sound from his mission."

"Yes, My Lady."

"By your will, My Lady."

Ten minutes later, a wooden carriage made its way outside of the city walls and traveled into the darkness of the night. Their destination was the Holy Temple. The young boy looked outside the carriage window as they left the glorious city behind.

'Don't worry, Father, Mother, I will complete my mission,' Est vowed as he looked at the stars in the distance. 'You Excellency, Lady Astrid, please, watch over me.'



"Brrrr! The water is so cold!" William shivered as he washed his face using the water in the river. He just woke up a few minutes ago, and decided to wash his face in order to remove the last dregs of sleep in his system.

Ella walked beside him and gave her morning greeting.

"Meeeeeeh."

"Good morning, Mama Ella."

"Meeeeeeh."

After their daily greeting, William took out a wooden bowl from his storage ring and milked his Mama Ella. Although he was already ten-years-old he still drank her milk everyday. Why? Because Ella's milk is delicious.

Also, Ella would nag at him if he didn't drink her milk on a daily basis. William could drink it directly from the source, but he decided to use a cup instead. Ella didn't seem to mind this change in her baby's routine. The only thing she cared about was whether or not William drank her milk.

< Daily Quest: Drink Milk has been completed! >

< Rewards: 6 Exp Points. >



'I still don't understand why this quest still works up to this day,' William mused as he looked at his notification window.

Back when he was still a baby, he depended on this daily quest in order to gain some exp. Now, this notification reminded him of the time when he was still a weak and feeble baby that could only stay still and wait to be fed on a daily basis.

A nostalgic smile appeared on William's face as he remembered the shenanigans he and Ella had during his childhood. He was about to go into a daze when he felt a wet sensation on his cheeks.

"Meeeeeeeh."

"Sorry, Mama Ella," William apologized as he caressed Ella's Neck. "I was reminiscing about the past."

"Meeeeeh?"

"Un, the time when I was still a baby."

"Meeeeeh."

"Time flies so fast. Everything that happened was like yesterday," William closed his eyes as he hugged Ella's neck. "I'm very lucky to have you, Mama."



"Meeeeh." Ella closed her eyes and pressed the side of her face on William's cheeks. The mother and son pair stayed like this for a few minutes. They only stopped when they felt the other goats starting to stir from their slumber.

William prepared a small fire where he warmed his breakfast and Ella's milk. Ella and the other goats drank from the river and munched on the grasses until they had their fill.

After eating their breakfast, William, Ella, and the goats continued their journey.

It had been three days since they left the town of Lont. So far, they hadn't encountered any bandits or any roaming monsters along the way. However, they did see several ruins as they journeyed towards the Holy Temple. These ruins belonged to towns and villages that used to thrive in the Western Region of the Hellan Kingdom.

When William passed these villages and towns, the young boy would spend a few minutes offering a silent prayer to the people who had died in the incident. As someone who had memories of his reincarnation, he knew that these people would also be given another opportunity to live their lives all over again.

The only difference was that they would no longer remember anything about their past lives.

"I pray that all of you find happiness in your next life," William prayed as he knelt on the ground. "May your days be beautiful and bright."

The goats stood still by his side as they looked at the ruins. They didn't make any noise and waited for William to finish his prayer.

It was then when he heard the sound of a carriage being pulled from behind him. William didn't move and continued to pray. He didn't feel any malice coming from the carriage, so he decided to continue his prayer.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

The boy thought that they were just travelers who were passing by, so he just ignored their presence.

When William finally finished his prayer, he was surprised to find out that the carriage had stopped a few meters away from him. The boy frowned and looked at the goats. For a moment, he thought that the goats were blocking the way so that the carriage was forced to come to a stop.

Seeing that his herd was standing in a neat row and away from the main road, the worry in William's mind disappeared. The boy looked at the carriage and noticed a middle-aged man seated on the coachman's seat smiling at him.

"Lad, are you familiar with this place?" a middle-aged man with graying hair asked.

"Sorry, but I'm not a local of this area," William replied. "I am just passing through and saw these ruins."

"I see." The man nodded his head in understanding. "Then, can you tell us where the Holy Temple is located?"

"You're also on your way to the Holy Temple?" William smiled. "What a coincidence. I am, also, headed towards the Holy Temple."

"Oh? Have you been there before, lad?"

"No. This is the first time I traveled outside of my hometown, but I have a map with me."



"Can I have a look at your map, kiddo? I just want to know the general direction of the temple."

"Of course."

William walked towards the carriage while pulling out the map from his storage ring. He handed the map to the middle-aged man in a very friendly manner.

"Kid, you shouldn't trust others too much," the middle-aged man said with a serious expression. "What if I'm a bad person? I might just snatch this map and leave you behind."

"My goats are a good judge of character," William replied. "Since they're not making any ruckus then that means that you are not a bad person."

"You trust your goats that much?"

"I trust them with my life."

The middle-aged man didn't know if he should laugh or cry at the little boy's naivety, but William's carefree attitude left a good impression on him. The middle-aged man nodded his head a few times as he examined the map.

It had been many years since he had been to the Western Region and the recent calamity had drastically changed the scenery. The landmarks he remembered were no longer there, so he was having a hard time finding the road that would lead him to the temple.



Fortunately, he sensed William from afar and decided to head in his direction. His gamble paid off and he was rewarded with a map that would lead him to their destination.

"Thank you," the man said as he returned William's map. "You said that you are also traveling towards the Holy Temple, why don't we travel together?"

"Fate has brought us together," William commented. "I will accept your offer to travel together. The more the merrier."

"Hahaha! You are an interesting kid."

"Not only interesting, but handsome as well."

"Guahahahaha! What a chap, I like!" the middle-aged man gave William a thumbs up.

William grinned and mounted his Mama Ella. The middle-aged man was a very social person and he kept on chatting with William as the carriage and the herd of goats traveled side by side.


Chapter 64

William listened to the old man's stories about his adventures and the cities he had visited during his younger years.

"Mr. Herman, do you know anything about the Central Continent?" William inquired.

"The Central continent? I've stayed there for a few years," Herman replied. "That place is where the elites of the various continents gather. Why? Are you interested in going there, William?"

"I don't know." William shook his head. "However, there is a possibility that my Master will ask me to go there once I grow older."

"Your Master..." Herman narrowed his eyes as he glanced at the collar on William's neck. He already noticed the slave collar on the young boy, but he didn't say anything about it.

Although the Hellan Kingdom is not supportive of the Slave Trade, it didn't make any moves to abolish it completely. Even in the capital, slaves were being sold as well. Herman just found it a pity that a boy like William had become someone's property.

"Ah, this?" William touched the collar on his neck. "This is just an accessory. My Master gave it to me as a present."

"I see…" Herman felt complicated. He wanted to curse William's master for tricking a child to become their slave. From what he could see, William didn't resent his Master. In fact, Herman could tell that the boy genuinely respected him.

"Lad, what is your master like?"

"Master? She's the crazy kind of craz-- I mean, a very amazing person. She treats me very well."



A snort was heard from inside the carriage. Suddenly, the voice of a woman reached William's ears. It was filled with disdain and made William think that she was currently having her period.

"I bet your Master enslaved you because you are a Half-Elf," the woman inside the carriage said in disdain. "Perhaps she will make you her boy toy once you grow up. A good looking boy like you will definitely sell for a high price at the black market."

"It is true that I am very good looking," William replied with a smile. "Thank you for your praise, My Lady."

"I'm not praising you!" the woman snapped. "I'm telling you that you are stupid for being enslaved!"

William scratched the side of his face while feeling helpless. He also didn't want to be a slave, but the circumstances were special. As for becoming his Master's boy toy…

William gulped at the notion of Celine stepping on his back with her slender foot…

'Ah Pei! What am I thinking?! I'm not a masochist!' William swatted the perverted images on his head.

"Nana, please, don't be rude," a voice that seemed to belong to a young boy reprimanded the woman. "Please, forgive her outburst. She's not a big fan of slavery."

"I don't mind," William replied. "I'm, also, not a big fan of slavery."



These were the last words they exchanged with each other as they continued their journey. The awkward silence along the way made Herman sigh internally. He still wanted to continue to talk to William, but he was embarrassed by his colleagues' earlier outburst.

"Meeeeeeeeh!" Ella bleated as she told William her thoughts.

"Oh? There's a clearing up ahead, Mama?" William asked.

"Meeeeeeh."

"Mr. Herman, there is a clearing up ahead," William said with a smile. "It is a good place to take a rest. How about we stay there for lunch?"

"Sounds like a plan." Herman nodded his head.

Half a minute later, they came to a clearing where a river flowed at the side. The goats happily trotted towards it to have a drink of water. William followed behind them and refilled his waterskin

He wasn't aware that a pair of clear, light-brown, eyes were watching his every move from inside the carriage.

"He's an interesting boy," Est said as he closed the partition on the carriage. "You're too hard on him, Nana."



"I'm sorry, Young Master," Nana apologized. "I'm just annoyed because those slave traders are getting out of hand. Even enslaving a child as young as him!"

"Do you really think that is the case?" Est asked.

"Young Master?"

"The collar on his neck was made of Mithril. Don't you think that using pure Mithril to make a slave collar is a waste?"

"Now that you mention it…" Nana had to admit that having a mithril collar was too luxurious for a slave. Even though William was a very good looking Half-Elf, having a collar of that caliber was unheard of.

In fact, this was the first time Nana had seen a collar made from pure Mithril.

The twin boys, Isaac, and Ian, who were seated by Est's side looked at him in confusion.

"Young Master, is there something unique about that slave collar?"

"Young Master, does a slave collar made from Mithril have special characteristics?"

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

"I don't know if the collar is special or not." Est shook his head. "All I know is that William's Master may not be a simple person. This is the first time I've seen a slave collar made from Mithril, and I can tell at a glance that it is of very high quality."

Nana and the twins quieted down and observed William from the carriage's window. Herman had also gone to the river and was currently catching fish with his spear.

"The old fool took a liking to the boy." Nana snorted. "He's really weak when dealing with kids that are the same age as his grandson."

"So you say, but haven't you taken a liking to him as well?" Est smirked. "William is a good person. Even I feel attracted to him."

"Well, as long as he doesn't hinder us on our journey, I don't mind if he travels with us." Nana closed her eyes. She pretended that she didn't hear Est's question.

Suddenly, the carriage started to shake.

"An earthquake?!" Nana snapped her eyes open. "Isaac, Ian, don't leave the Young Master's side!"

The twins nodded their head and unsheathed their daggers. Nana stepped out of the carriage in order to get a better idea of what was going on.

Herman stood guard outside the carriage and gripped the spear in his hand firmly. The moment he felt the surroundings shake, he immediately ran towards the carriage in order to protect his Young Master.



William, Ella, and the rest of the goats took a battle formation with William at its center. The young boy sat calmly on Ella's back as he focused his attention to his surroundings.

It was then when two mountain trolls, the size of a small hill appeared in the clearing. They were carrying tree trunks in their hands and brandishing them like weapons.

"Trolls," Nana narrowed her eyes. "I'll take one, you deal with the other."

"Understood," Herman replied.

Nana unsheathed her sword and charged towards one of the mountain trolls. Herman ran alongside her as both of them engaged the trolls to ensure that they stayed away from the carriage.

The two Mountain Trolls were considered to be on the upper tier of Level B threats, and they were very hard to kill. Their skin was as hard as rocks and their incredible strength makes them very lethal juggernauts. Also, these particular Mountain Trolls also have an annoying regeneration ability that made fighting them a headache for most people.

Also, Nana and Herman were getting headaches because they wouldn't be able to kill the trolls unless they use fire or acid. The only thing they could do was to hurt them until the monsters thought that fighting them was not worth it.

While the battle was taking place, another troll burst out towards the clearing while letting out a mighty roar. It ran towards the carriage carrying its giant wooden club with the intention of smashing it into pieces.

"NO! Young Master!"



"Young Master!"

Nana and Herman lured the trolls away earlier in an attempt to prevent them from attacking the carriage. What they didn't know was that the trolls had the same strategy as well. They sensed the presence of the two powerful warriors, so they decided to split up and lead them away from their prey.

The third Mountain Troll was only five meters away from its target, when the carriage door suddenly opened. Three figures jumped off the carriage and ran towards William.

Seeing its prey run away, the Mountain Troll decided to pursue. It's strides were larger, and faster than the children so it overtook them with ease. Est, and the twins could only watch in horror as the Monster slammed the giant wooden club towards them without any shred of mercy.

Nana and Herman wanted to go back to save their Young Master, but the two trolls blocked their way.

"Young Master!" Nana screamed. She felt regret and helplessness as the monster bore down on her Young Master. "I'm sorry, My Lady. I'm sorry!"

Herman gritted his teeth and roared in anger. Desperation could be seen on his face as he watched the tragedy that was about to unfold.

It was at that moment when a two meter-tall goat jumped over the three children. The large goat faced off against the giant club that was about to descend upon them. On her back was a boy with hair so red that it resembled a blazing fire. His wooden staff was poised to strike like a spearman riding his warhorse.

Est's beautiful brown eyes watched as the small boy, who was the same age as him, created a miracle right before his very eyes.




Chapter 65

"Est, remember this, you were born to do great things."

"Great things?"

"Yes." the beautiful woman nodded her head as she lovingly brushed the young boy's hair. "That's why, you must become strong. Only by becoming strong will you be able to do great things."

"Then, what if I meet an enemy that is stronger than me?" Est asked. "What must I do then?"

"Run," the woman answered. "Run as fast as you can."

"Then, what if I can't outrun it? What then?"

"Then you just wait." The woman smiled as she stared at the young boy's face.

"Wait?" Est tilted his head. "Wait for what?"

"Wait for a miracle to happen."

"A miracle?"



"Yes. A miracle," the woman said with a smile. "Est, when the sky falls down. There will always be people who will step up and carry its weight on their shoulders."

"Will I be able to meet such a person?" Est asked. His face was half in doubt and half curious of the possibility of meeting someone who could create a miracle.

"Of course you will," the beautiful woman chuckled. "If it's you, you are destined to meet such a person. Just know that if he really appears in your life, you'd better..."

When the third Mountain Troll appeared, Isaac and Ian immediately grabbed Est and jumped out of the carriage. They were his retainers and their duty was to ensure his safety.

Originally, they thought that the troll would focus on the carriage, but they had underestimated its intelligence.

Not only did it ignore the carriage, it immediately pursued them without batting an eye.

'No good, we can't make it,' Est thought as he gazed at the hulking monster that had already caught up with them.

He could only watch helplessly as the Mountain Troll swung its giant wooden club with the intention to kill. Est knew that, the moment that wooden club hit its target, he, along with the twins, would be turned into meat paste.

Then it happened…



A two-meter tall Angorian War Ibex jumped over their heads. Its horns and hooves had a silver-blue color that shone like crystals. On its back was a young boy with flaming red hair, carrying a wooden staff.

Time seemed to move in slow motion as the Mountain Troll and the Goat carrying the young boy clashed.

William's confident and powerful voice reverberated in the air as he shouted…

"Magnum Burst!"

Est eyes widened as he saw the Mountain Troll get pushed back during the collision. The Mountain Troll had a confused look on its face as it looked at its weapon and the boy who was riding on top of the goat.

It seemed that it couldn't believe the fact that a boy could fend off its weapon with ease. If Est hadn't seen it first hand, he, too, wouldn't have believed it. However, the evidence was right in front of his eyes and it made his heart beat wildly inside his chest.

"Mama Ella, let's go," William commanded as he jumped off her back.

"Meeeeeeh!"

"Mass Ice Armor."

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"Mass Bestow."

"Leader of the Herd."

The young boy knew that his Mama couldn't fight using her full power if he was to ride her into battle.

Ella was currently in her War Ibex Form and William's buffs made her powerful. However, she was still weaker compared to the Mountain Troll who was at the upper tier of Class B Monsters.

Even so, she wasn't afraid because she was not fighting alone. William and the rest of the herd had already formed their battle formation. Ella was in the lead, with William at the rear. They had already shared an understanding when it came to fighting stronger enemies, so they weren't worried even if the troll was bigger and stronger than them.

"Wild Charge!" William ordered.

"Meeeeeh!"

Ella charged like a raging bull to take the Mountain Troll head on. Aslan and Chronos led their teams in order to attack the troll from all sides creating a pincer attack.

William watched the battle with a serious expression as he supported his herd from the rear. Everytime the Mountain Troll attacked the goats, he would summon three layers of Ice Wall to block its attack.



Nana and Herman were relieved when they saw that their Young Master was safe from harm. They then vented their frustration on the two Mountain Trolls that were blocking their way. The two monsters suddenly felt extreme pressure as the two experts unleashed their powerful attacks without holding back.

"Mega Kick!"

"Meeeeeeh!"

Ella's kick connected and the Giant Troll was sent flying a few meters into the air.

"Glacial Lance!" William fired off the strongest attack in his Ice Mage Job Class. The Glacial Lance pierced the Mountain Troll's eye making it scream in pain.

Another Glacial Lance flew in the air and stabbed itself on the Mountain Troll's other eye blinding it completely.

Aslan, Chronos, and the rest of their team impaled the Mountain Troll's body with their horns. Ella, too, didn't miss the opportunity and delivered a Wild Charge at point blank range, piercing the Mountain Troll's chest.

The Mountain Troll could only swing its wooden club blindly in the air, hoping that it could hit something with its frenzied attacks.

Two minutes later, the Mountain Troll gave off a guttural roar and ran away in the opposite direction. Its powerful regeneration had allowed its eyes to recover enough vision to see its surroundings.



Seeing that it couldn't beat its prey, it decided to retreat. The two other mountain trolls followed behind their leader in haste. The two humans that they had fought were lunatics and they didn't want to engage them any longer.

William watched the Mountain Trolls run away with relief. Although they were able to fight it to a stalemate, it was still a Class B Beast. This made the Mountain Troll very hard to kill. He never thought for a moment that they would be able to defeat it.

The most they could do was to hurt it as much as possible so that it would call it quits.

Of course, the goats didn't think that way. Ella, Chronos, Aslan, and the rest were sure that they could beat the monster if it hadn't run away. After defeating the Hobgoblin Shaman, the goats had regained their confidence and were raring to fight strong opponents.

For them, the Mountain Troll was only an oversized goblin. As long as they could hit it, they could kill it!

"Good job everyone," William said as he motioned for the goats to gather. "Is anyone hurt? Come, let me heal you."

"Meeeeeeeeh!"

"Aslan, what do you mean it doesn't hurt? Look, your leg is bleeding."

"Meeeeeh!"



"Just a scratch? I don't think so. Come here, let me heal you."

"Meeeeh…"

"No buts, come here. First Aid! Ok, next!"

"Meeeeeeeeh!"

"Echo, you are a girl, you should take better care of yourself."

"... Meeeeeh."

"First Aid. Ah! All of you are so stubborn! Fine, have it your way. Mass First Aid!"

William used Mass First Aid three times and healed the injuries of the goats. Although it was wasteful to use so much Mana, he had no choice but to do it. The goats were still under the effect of their Battle Lust and were being very stubborn.

Nana, Herman, Est, Isaac, and Ian, watched as William nagged his goats with a fed up expression. They found this scene quite funny, but none of them were laughing. They were still in a state of shock after witnessing William's unbelievable performance.




Chapter 66

"Here you go, William," Herman said as he gave the young boy a grilled fish.

"Thank you, Uncle Herman," William replied as he gladly accepted the food that was offered to him.

After the three Mountain Trolls left the clearing, the group decided to have lunch by the riverside. Est kept sneaking glances at William as the boy happily ate the grilled fish with relish. His eyes would often dart to the mithril collar that hung on the boy's neck from time to time.

Naturally, William noticed his gaze, but he paid it no mind. Everyone in Lont had given him the same curious glances when they saw his slave collar for the first time. Contrary to William's expectations, no one made a big deal out of it in Lont.

They just looked at him with interest and thought that the collar on his neck looked cool. Even the adults who had realized that it was a slave collar felt that it was just a prank by Celine in order to tone down William's mischievousness.

Of course, this mentality was only restricted in the town of Lont. For people who were not in the know, they would just think that William was a pitiful Half-Elf that had been sold by slave traders. 

"By the way, William, Thank you for saving us earlier," Est said with a serious expression. "I swear on my name that I will repay this favor."

"Just call me, Will," William replied with a smile. "Also, you don't need to repay me. I only did what I thought was right. I'm sure that if you were the one in my shoes, you would have, also, done the same."

"But."

"No buts. You don't need a reason to help someone in need."



Herman watched the two children's exchange and nodded his head in appreciation. He was very fond of William and felt regret that he didn't have a grandson like him.

Est could tell that William was firm in not accepting any kind of reward from saving his life, so he decided to just repay him in the future whether his savior liked it or not. For the time being, he wanted to know more about this shepherd who was giving him a mysterious, yet pleasant feeling.

"You said that you are heading towards the Holy Temple, right?" Est inquired. "What is your reason for going there?"

"I'm going to the Holy Temple to meet a God-- I mean, I want to pray to the Gods so that they will protect Lont and keep the townspeople safe from harm." William made up an excuse in order to cover up his earlier slip of the tongue.

"Lont?" Est glanced at Herman. His eyes were clearly asking "Do you know anything about Lont?"

Herman closed his eyes and pondered for a bit. "If I remember correctly… Lont is a small town located at the edge of the Western Region. Ah! Are you perhaps related to that old bastard James?"

William grinned and nodded his head. "My full name is William Von Ainsworth. However, just call me Will, Uncle Herman."

"Ainsworth," Nana curled her lips. "So, that shameless old man is your grandfather."

"Nana? Do you know William's grandfather?" Est asked.



"Of course." Nana nodded his head. "He is the shameless bastard who took advantage of the chaos during the battle of Windkeep Citadel. He and his companions were the ones who took down the Flood Dragon, Oroubro, and the Amphisbaena.

"That old man even had the nerve to announce to everyone on the battlefield that the combined forces of the Hellan Kingdom only won because he lured the Flood Dragon away and broke the Monster Army's chain of command.

"Right now, all the nobles in the capital are cursing his name. Even the King has a headache about how to best handle the aftermath of the battle because of his antics."

Herman chuckled as he gazed at William. "Your grandpa was a very sly fellow. When all the forces of the kingdom were dealing with the Monster Army, he lured away the three Big Bosses and managed to subdue them. Basically, he used the alliance as cannon fodders in order to reap the greatest profit in that battle. That grandfather of yours sure has guts!"

William had already heard the story from his grandfather because the old man really liked to brag about his heroics. Even so, William was still very impressed by how their small group was able to become the big winners of the war against the monster army.

Ian snorted when he heard Nana's and Herman's comments about William's grandfather.

"Although he managed to reap the most benefits in that battle, his grandson still became a slave," Ian sneered. "Isn't this what you call Karma?"

"Ian, don't be rude!" Est reprimanded his retainer. "William, I apologize for my retainer's words. He's just a straightforward person."

"It's fine." William sighed. "I guess, you can also call it Karma that this happened to me. My Grandfather went bonkers when he found out that I became a slave after he returned to Lont."



"Eh? He knows that you became a slave?" Isaac, Ian's twin, looked at William in surprise. Although no one was saying it out loud, they thought that William was one of those survivors of the Beast Tide Calamity and had been sold to become a slave.

Currently, there was an influx of slaves in the capital and most of them were survivors from the villages and towns that had been ravaged by the monster army. Initially, they thought that William was one of those survivors.

"Mmm." William nodded his head.

"Then why didn't he buy you back?" Est asked.

"He can't afford it."

"Eh?"

William caressed the mithril collar on his neck. "A Half-Elf that is as handsome and talented as me is worth an astronomical price. Even the gains that Grandpa acquired during his short expedition was not enough to buy me back my freedom."

"Surely, you're exaggerating?" Este challenged. "Just how much did your Grandpa need to pay in order to win back your freedom?"

"Let's just say that even if the Royal Family of the Hellan Kingdom emptied their entire treasury, they would still not be able to afford me," William replied with a smug expression. "Even an Emperor's ransom pales in comparison to my net worth."



Est, Nana, Herman, Isaac: "…"

"Can I punch your face?" Ian asked. "My hands are feeling very itchy right now."

The boy looked at William in contempt. Although Half-Elf slaves were expensive, they were worth ten to fifteen thousand gold coins at most. Even if you killed him, he wouldn't believe that the shepherd in front of him was worth an Emperor's ransom.

"Your hands are feeling itchy? You must be suffering from athlete's foot," William sneered. "My condolences."

"I said hands, not foot!"

"You're a fool? Congratulations! There's no cure for stupidity."

"Y-You!"

Isaac hurriedly grabbed his twin because the latter was about to have a go with William. Nana and Herman exchanged a glance and shook their heads helplessly.

William rolled his eyes at the pretty boy in front of him. He didn't lie when he said that an Emperor's Ransom paled in comparison to the ingredients that Celine had lost during her experiment. Some of the items she had lost couldn't be bought even if you had the money. That was how rare and precious those ingredients were.



He just didn't understand why the boy named Ian was targeting him out of the blue.

'Could it be that he is jealous because I am three times more handsome than him?' William thought. 'Hah~ Being handsome is really a sin.'

If Ian could only hear William's thoughts, he might have fought tooth and nail with his twin in order to get a chance to beat him up to a pulp.

"How about all of you? Why go this far to visit the Holy Temple?" William asked after he finished eating. "Although your clothes don't look expensive, the designs are very different from the ones commonly worn in the Western Region. Did all of you perhaps come from the capital?"

Nana's, Herman's, Ian's, and Isaac's gazes landed on Est.

William noticed the subtle change in their expressions and looked expectantly at the delicate looking boy with light-brown hair and eyes.

"Our reasons for going to the temple are the same," Est answered. "I am also going there to pray and ask the Gods for their mercy."

William gave a nod of understanding. Everyone visits the temple to pray to the Gods, so Est's reason was not uncommon.

After that, the group started to talk about random things which made the atmosphere more lively. Half an hour later, they left the clearing and continued their journey towards the Holy Temple.




Chapter 67

A day later, the group finally arrived at the Ellisfell Mountains where the Pantheon of Courage was located. They would need to travel for four more hours to arrive at the temple grounds that were located mid-way through the mountain. 

William, who was riding on Ella's back, took the lead in order to check if there were any hidden dangers along their path. The goats walked behind him, forming two lines, while being vigilant of their surroundings.

"I've never seen Angorian Goats this disciplined in my life," Nana said with admiration. "If this was a week ago and someone were to tell me that Angorian Goats could fend off a Mountain Troll, I would definitely spit on their face."

"Are Angorian goats really this fierce?" Est inquired. After seeing William battle with his herd, he was very tempted to rear Angorian Goats back at their estate.

"Of course not," Nana answered firmly. "I have seen many Angorian Goats and all of them were as meek as sheep. The goats under William's care are quite abnormal, especially the one he calls Mama Ella."

"Strange." Est frowned. "During the battle, that goat named Ella took on a different form. She was much larger and more intimidating than her current look. Nana, did you recognize the form she changed into during the battle?"

"Yes." Nana nodded. "If I'm not mistaken, she took the form of an Angorian War Ibex. In the North of the Kingdom, there is a tribe of warriors that live in the mountain. They are very fierce warriors and the mounts they ride on are the Wild Angorian War Ibexes that live in the great mountains of Kyrintor.

"Those War Ibexes are more fierce, and more deadly than the Warhorses bred for war. Trying to conquer their lands by force will only lead to countless deaths. This is why the King decided to let the mountain tribe retain their autonomy in exchange for an alliance. You can't imagine how surprised I was when I saw an Angorian War Ibex in the Western Region."

"Is it perhaps an evolved creature?" Ian asked. "I heard that some creatures can change their appearance once they raise their rank."

"The possibility exists… No, I think this is the only possibility," Nana agreed. "From every angle, Ella looks like an ordinary Angorian Goat. it is very possible that…"



Nana's eyes widened when a realization struck her. She was not the only one. Est, too, thought of the same possibility and it made him look at Nana in disbelief.

"Don't tell me…" Est swallowed hard. "There's a possibility that those goats following William will also evolve into War Ibexes?"

Ian and Isaac exchanged a glance. The battle that happened a day ago was still fresh in their minds. They could still remember how Ella fought the mountain troll on even grounds while the other goats attacked from the sides.

The battle back then was a stalemate. However, if all of those goats were to evolve into War Ibexes then the Mountain Troll would have definitely perished then and there!

"Impossible," Ian immediately refuted. "Very few creatures can evolve and those goats are clearly domesticated animals. I've never heard of an Angorian Goat evolving into a War Ibex. Maybe Ella is a War Ibex that was taken from the North. Since William's Grandpa is a powerful person, getting one isn't out of the question."

Isaac nodded at his brother's conclusion. Even Nana found this explanation very logical. If Angorian Goats could easily evolve into War Ibexes then the Hellan Kingdom would have already had a legion of War Ibexes under its command.

"When we return to the estate, have someone visit Lont," Est ordered. "We need to learn more about this town that has survived the Beast Tide."

"Understood." Nana nodded her head. "Should I also dig into William's personal information?"

"Yes, but be discreet when doing so. Also, I want you to find out more about William's Master. The one whom he is bound to as a slave."



"Understood."

Four hours later, the carriage stopped before the gates of the Pantheon of Courage. The guardsmen guarding the gates told them to disembark because carriages were not allowed inside the temple grounds.

William was worried that the guardsmen wouldn't allow his herd to enter. Fortunately, the guardsmen didn't seem to mind and even told the boy that the current Head Priestess that resided within the Pantheon of Courage was very fond of animals, especially goats.

After doing some initial checks, the group was finally allowed to pass through the gates of the temple.

"It's bigger than I thought," William said as he gazed at the giant structure in front of him.

Although the temple's design couldn't possibly compare to the buildings in the modern world, it still gave William a surreal feeling that made him look at it with admiration.

Suddenly, the main entrance of the temple opened and several priestesses walked out to greet them.

"My name is Sarah and the High Priestess had asked me to welcome all of you, guests that came from afar," Sarah said with a smile. "All of you, except the goats, may follow me inside the temple."

Est, and his entourage, followed Sarah as she walked back inside the temple. Another priestess walked towards William and offered to guide him to the stables where the goats could rest and feed while they waited for his return.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"Thank you, Big Sister," William bowed respectfully. "I'll accept your offer."

"Such a cute child," the priestess smiled and lightly pinched William's cheeks. "Follow me."

When they arrived at the stables, William asked Ella to look after the goats while he went inside the temple. According to the priestess, that guided the red-head boy to the stables, William must follow protocol and perform a cleansing ritual before he would be allowed to go into the inner temple to converse with the Gods.

The priestess explained that it would take a whole day for the ritual to complete because it, also, involved a few hours of fasting. 

"Mama Ella, take care of everyone for a day or two," William said as he hugged her neck. "Make sure that they don't cause troubles for the priestesses of the temple."

"Meeeeeeh."

"All of you, make sure to behave, okay?"

"Meeeeeeh."

"Meeeeeeh."



"Meeeeeeh."

"Meeeeeeh."

After getting his herd's promise, William followed the priestess towards the temple. The priestess took him to a bathroom where he was supposed to properly clean his body. William took off his clothes and bathed properly. 

When he was finished, the priestess gave him a set of clean white robes to wear and guided him to the inner temple where he would begin his fasting. 

William sat on a prayer mat while looking at the marble statue of a beautiful knight holding a sword with both hands. Her long hair was tied in a ponytail, and her eyes were filled with mercy and compassion.

William had only just kneeled on the prayer mat for ten minutes when he suddenly felt very sleepy. He tried to fight off the drowsiness, but his eyes grew heavy with each passing second. 

'I guess I'll take a nap first,' William thought as he sleepily laid on the prayer mat. A minute later, the red-head boy was sound asleep.

"Ufufufu. Big Brother, if you don't wake up soon Lily is going to kiss you~"

'Umm? Lily?' William's hazy thoughts slowly cleared up as the familiar voice woke him up from his slumber



"Big Brother, you can keep on sleeping. I promise that Lily will make you feel reaaaaaaaaaaaaly good~"

William opened his eyes just in time to see Lily about to give him a smooch on his lips. If not for the fact that he had seen her true form, he would have gladly accepted the kiss and might have even kissed her back in return.

Unfortunately, what was seen couldn't be unseen and William hurriedly used his hands to block the loli's lips from touching his own.

"Lily, behave yourself," William said as he pushed the Loli Goddess' face away from him. 

"Che~ Big Brother is so mean," Lily pouted. 

"Wait. Lily?" William's eyes widened as he looked at the little Goddess in front of him. "What are you doing here? Where am I?"

William scanned his surroundings and found himself floating in space surrounded by countless stars. 

"This is the place where Gods talk to their believers," Lily explained. "You can even say that this place is the boundary between life and death. I believe that you call this place 'Limbo' back on Earth."

"Um? A place where Gods talk to their believers?" William frowned. "If that is the case then why is Gavin not here?"



Lily's pout increased by a notch and her fingers moved at lightning speed to pinch Wiliam's waist. 

William screamed like a little girl because Lily didn't hold back when she pinched him. It made the young boy realize that he wasn't dreaming and the loli in front of his eyes was real. 

"Big Brother, you're so mean. Does this mean you don't want to see Lily?" Lily narrowed her gaze. 

William could tell that if he gave her the wrong answer, another round of pinching would take place. 

"O-Of course, I wanted to see you," William replied. 

William wasn't lying when he answered this question. Although Lily's true form looked like an old midget, the Loli Goddess had treated him well during his stay at the Temple of Ten Thousand Gods. If William were to look past her appearance, Lily was someone whom he could get along with really well.

"Really? You wanted to see Lily?"

"Y-Yes."

"Yay!" The Loli Goddess jumped and hugged William's waist. She then looked up at William with upturned eyes looking all cute and loveable. "Gavin will be here shortly. He is just handling a few matters with Issei and David, so they asked me to come and meet you here first."

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"I see." William sighed and steeled his heart. Deep inside, he wanted to accept Lily regardless of how she really looked. 

He then took the initiative to pat the Loli Goddess' head which made her close her eyes like a satisfied kitten. William continued to brush her hair for two minutes. A few seconds later, he heard a sigh coming from the Loli Goddess. 

"Big Brother, you are really kind," Lily muttered as she lightly pushed William away.

"Lily?"

"Let's sit down first and have a chat. I'm sure that Big Brother has a lot of questions to ask Lily."

As soon as she said those words, a dining table appeared in front of William. Several dishes were laid on top of the table and all of them looked delicious.

"Let's talk as we eat, Big Brother." Lily made a gesture for William to sit.

William obediently accepted her invitation and sat on the chair facing Lily. 

"Aren't you going to eat?" Lily asked.



"Let's wait for the others to arrive," William replied. "It would be more fun if we eat as a group."

Lily gave William a sweet smile that made his heart skip a beat. 

"Big Brother, Lily wants to ask you a question."

"Go ahead. As long as it's not Math I'm confident that I can give you the right answer."

Lily chuckled as she rested her chin on the back of her hand. She then looked at William with her adorable, bright, red eyes. She wanted to ask him the question that had been plaguing her mind ever since William had accidentally entered the red portal due to Truck-Kun's interference in the Cycle of Reincarnation. 

"Big Brother, are you happy with your current life?"


Chapter 68

'Am I happy with my current life?'

William closed his eyes and looked back at the ten years that he had lived in the town of Lont. Everyday was filled with warmth and love that sometimes, he could feel his heart melting. His Mama Ella would always be by his side to ensure that he would not suffer from any harm.

His Aunt Anna would hum him songs while holding him in her loving embrace. His Uncle Mordred ensured that he was not lacking in food and clothes. His Aunt Helen would always find time to bake him desserts that he could bring to the valley while tending his goats.

His Big Brother, Matthew, who loved reading books, would find time to read him stories about the Southern Continent. And his Grandfather, James, always throws off his reminiscing and loved to brag about his adventures during his younger days.

Those ten years, made William realize that even though this world didn't have the conveniences of the modern world, even though it didn't have electricity, television, radio, and the internet, he didn't find it boring. 

In fact, every night when he went to sleep, he would look forward to seeing the sun rise from the East. Because he knew… he knew that another day filled with warmth and happiness was waiting for him.

"I am very happy," William said softly. He then opened his eyes and looked at the adorable girl in front of him. "Although I don't know what kind of life I might have lived if I entered the Silver Portal back then, the life I have now is very precious. I'm glad I was born in the world I am living in."

"I see," Lily replied with a beautiful smile. She could tell that William was being sincere and he was indeed very happy with the life he had now. "That's good to hear."

"Mmm." William scratched his cheek in embarrassment. 

"Well, I'm glad that you are living a happy life in that world, William," Gavin materialized out of thin air. He sat beside Lily, facing William. 



"As expected of my sworn brother!" Issei appeared as well and sat beside Gavin.

"You're just like me when I was younger," David chuckled as he appeared beside Lily.

The four Gods who had formed a connection with William had all arrived. They were all looking at him with smiling faces as if they were up to no good!

William didn't feel that something was off and greeted them all with a smile.

"It's been a while, Gavin, Brother Issei, Sir David."

"Indeed. It has been a while William." Gavin nodded his head. "I'm glad you are doing well."

Issei and David also nodded their heads in acknowledgement. 

"Since everyone is already here, why don't we all eat first?" Lily proposed. "This feast was prepared for your arrival, so it would be a waste if you don't have your fill."

"She's right," Issei commented. "Let's all eat!"



William nodded his head and everyone began to eat and drink. After the food had been cleared from the table, the Gods started to ask William questions about his current life, which the boy answered as honestly as he could.

"That Master of yours is not half bad," Issei said with a mischievous grin. "Will, having an older woman as your lover is not a bad thing. They are more mature and you can lean on them when things get tough. Also… your master had developed in all the right places. If you know what I mean."

William flashed Issei a knowing smile. The two perverts stared at each other as lewd grins appeared on their faces. 

Lily clicked her tongue in annoyance, but didn't say anything else. 

David played with his beard as he looked at William with admiration. "Although I gave you my staff, I didn't think that you would really use it so soon."

"Sir David, I am very thankful for the gift that you gave me. If it wasn't for your staff, I might have re-entered the cycle of reincarnation at the age of one years old."

"I guess you can call this Fate. When I first saw you, I was reminded of my younger days…"

"What younger days?" Lily sneered. "When you were born as a God, you were already old. How can you shamelessly say that William reminded you of your younger days?"

David pretended not to hear Lily's spiteful words and continued to play with his beard. "Your Mama Ella loves you a lot. Be sure to take good care of her."



"I will," William promised. "I consider her as my second mother. For me, Mama Ella is family."

David had a satisfied expression as he nodded his head. He was the God of Shepherds and William indirectly became one of his followers when he became a Shepherd in the world he was born in.

Naturally, he was also aware of Ella and the other goats whose Fates were now tied to William. 

"Gavin, do you already know why I came to see you?" William asked.

"Of course I know," Gavin replied. "It's just that, I didn't expect you to see me this early. That Wolf Tide sure brought you a lot of benefits."

Gavin chuckled as he patted William's shoulder. 

"Okay, let's now get down to business." Gavin's expression became serious as he crossed his arms over his chest. "In order for your experience limiter to ascend to the next level, you need to finish a quest."

"A quest?" William inquired. "What kind of quest? Like those quests in the games I played back on Earth?"

"Something like that." Gavin nodded his head. "Once you clear this quest, another special feature of the CPU Core will be unlocked."



"Special feature?"

"Yes. you will start receiving special quests that will give you points called God Points."

"God Points?" William tilted his head in confusion.

Lily coughed lightly as she continued Gavin's explanation. "God Points are points that you can use to purchase items in the God Shop. Our believers, who have received our blessings, are able to access this shop and buy items that can only be found in the God Realm."

"All items in the God Shop are made by the Gods themselves," Issei said with a smile. "Some of them are expensive, while others are VERY EXPENSIVE. By the way, I'll give you a 50% discount on the first three items that you buy from my shop."

"Big Brother, what kind of items do you sell in your shop?"

"Aphrodisiacs, candles, whips, bondage outfits, bunny costumes… and many more exciting items that will make your nightlife extra exciting!"

William swallowed hard as he held Issei's hands. "Do you also have sailor costumes?"

"You bet I do," Issei answered with a lewd grin. "We even have shrine maiden outfits."



The two perverts clasped their hands together which made the other gods look at them in contempt.

Gavin cleared his throat in order to catch William's attention to continue his explanation. 

"Listen, William, I will now tell you the contents of your quest," Gavin said. "Right now, you are in the Pantheon of Courage. One of our colleagues has asked for assistance and it just so happens that you are also present in her temple. 

"Because of this, I decided that your quest would be to help her follower clear a trial. You will find more information when your soul returns to your world. Do you have any other questions?"

"W-Will I be able to see you guys again?" William asked. 

"When you reach your next bottleneck, you can come and find us again," Lily answered with a smile. "Big Brother, even if you miss Lily, you shouldn't push yourself too hard. Take things one step at a time. We will have our reunion in good time."

"Don't worry, Brother," Issei commented. "We will also be watching over you from time to time. Even if you can't see us, we can definitely see you."

"That's right." David nodded his head. "Of course, we can't really interfere and help you when you encounter difficulties. Gods aren't allowed to interfere with the material world. However, we can offer you help in other ways."

"The important thing is for you to live a life worth living," Gavin said. "Although getting strong is a must, you must not ignore the world around you. Life is not a matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.



"You will make a lot of choices in life. Some of them may not lead to the ending that you envisioned, but regardless of your choice, you must see them through to the end. The same can be said for the Special Quests that will give you God Points. If you feel that the quest is absurd, or goes against your morals, you don't have to do it."

"Eh? I can skip special quests?" William asked.

"Yes. Doing the special quests are not compulsory," Gavin answered while sneaking glances at Lily and Issei. "Only do the things that you think are worth doing."

"Understood." William nodded his head.

Issei and Lily both had mischievous smiles on their faces. 

'Big Brother, let's see if you can resist the Special Quests that I will give you~'

'Don't worry, Brother. Your Big Brother will ensure that you interact with the ladies as often as possible.'

The Two Gods shared a knowing glance at each other before returning their attention to William. What William didn't know was that the ones who would be giving out the Special Quests were none other than the Gods themselves.


Chapter 69

"Est, my devout follower, are you prepared?" a strong and steady feminine voice asked.

"Yes, My Lady Astrid," Est replied as he knelt on one knee like a knight.

"This trial will be difficult, so I will allow you to bring a few helpers with you," Astrid, the Goddess of Female Knights, said with a gentle gaze. "Aside from your two retainers, another helper will be waiting for you on the trial grounds."

"Thank you for your magnanimity, My Lady."

The Goddess nodded her head as she raised the sword in her hand. She then lightly tapped Est's shoulders with the sword blade before returning it to its sheathe.

"Clear this trial, and I will fulfill the promise I made to your family many years before you were born," Astrid promised. "However, if you fail then the promise I made will become null and void. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes, My Lady," Est answered. "I will not fail you."

"I only look at the results, Est. not the process."

"I understand."

"It's time for you to return," Astrid ordered. "May the odds be in your favor."



When Est opened his eyes, he found himself in the sacred room of the inner temple. This room was dedicated to the devout followers of the Goddess Astrid.

As Est shakily stood up from the prayer mat, the door of the sacred room opened and the High Priestess entered followed by two attendants.

"Have you received the word of her Excellency?" The High Priestess asked.

"Yes," Est replied.

"Good. Is there anything else that we can do to help you?"

"I need to go to the trial grounds. Can I ask for you to send someone to guide me?"

"It is but a trivial thing," the High Priestess answered. "My two attendants will take you there after you have your breakfast. Your retainers are already waiting for you in the dining area."

"Thank you."

"It is my duty. There is no need for thanks."



Est was led by the two attendants to the next room to change clothes. As he wore his clothes, the young boy thought about the discussion he had with the Goddess Astrid. The Goddess had explicitly told him that the trial was very hard.

He was supposed to clear it when he was a bit older, but circumstances didn't allow the Goddess to wait for him to grow up. The Beast Tide had thrown everything into disarray, and something must be done in order to re-establish the protection of the Kingdom.

For that, Est needed to clear the trial in order for the Goddess Astrid to bestow her blessing on the Hellan Kingdom. This was also why failure was not an option. His father, and mother, had given him this mission, and Est was duty bound to see it through.

'Father, Mother, I will do my best,' Est thought. 'No matter what it takes, I will succeed.'

"Young Master, are you sure that Mr. Herman and Ms. Nana cannot help us in clearing the trial?" Isaac asked.

"There is an age limit for the Trial Ground," Est replied. "Anyone above the age of fifteen will be barred from entry."

"You can count on us, Young Master," Ian pledged. "We will help you clear this trial with everything we have."

Est was ten years old, while Isaac and Ian were both eleven years old. The twins had been trained from a young age to become Est's retainers and help him unconditionally.

"Thank you," Est said with a smile. "I'm counting on both of you."



""Yes, Young Master!""

The three walked towards a cave that would lead them to the trial grounds. After ten minutes of walking, they exited the cave and found themselves in what seemed to be a garden filled with colorful flowers.

An imposing gate made of bronze stood a hundred meters away from them. It was over ten meters tall and several runes were etched on its surface.

Est's, Isaac's, and Ian's gazes landed on the herd of goats that was currently standing right in front of the Bronze Gate. All of them were looking up at it with determination. It was as if they were soldiers that were about to go to war for their motherland.

A familiar boy with red hair sat on the back of the biggest goat among the herd. He was carrying a wooden staff in his hand and a carefree smile hung on his face.

William waved at the three boys as he watched them walk in his direction.

"What are you doing here?" Ian snorted. "This place is off limits to those who are not affiliated with the Pantheon of Courage."

"Say, are you a girl?" William asked. "Why are you always irate? Are you perhaps having your period right now?"

"You're the one having a period!" Ian shot back with anger. His face was dyed a deep shade of red as he glared hatefully at William.



"I don't understand why you're always butting heads with me." WIlliam shrugged. "Wait, don't tell me you've fallen in love with me? Sorry, but I don't swing that way."

Black lines appeared on Ian's face as he stepped forward with the intention of bashing in William's smug expression.

Fortunately, Isaac and Est held him on both sides which prevented him from having a fight with the smug shepherd in front of him.

"William, what are you doing here?" Est inquired. Although he already knew the answer, he still decided to ask this question for confirmation.

"I came here because my Patron God told me to help someone clear a trial," William answered. "Are you perhaps the one taking the trial?"

"Yes." Est nodded. "Are you really here to help me clear the trial?"

"Yes. However, since someone insulted me, I'm no longer in the mood to help," William replied.

"We don't need your help!" Ian interjected. "My sist- brother and I will be enough to help the Young Master clear this trial!"

"Is that so?" William raised an eyebrow. "I heard that this trial is very hard. If you really don't need my help then I won't force it. Besides, I don't want to be on the same team with a boy that is having his period."



Ian was about to reply to William's remark when he felt Est's gaze land on her. The gaze made him shudder and the words that he was about to say became stuck in his throat.

"Will, this trial is important to me," Est stated. "I would be very happy if you were to help me clear it. Will it be fine if I formally commission you to help me clear this quest? I will prepare sufficient payment once we successfully clear the trial."

"Sure." William readily agreed.

He wouldn't reject Est's offer because those were just freebies for him. Even though Ian was making things difficult for him, he had no intention of allowing Est to start the trial on his own. This trial was also important to him, because it was the quest that Gavin had given him in order to break through his bottleneck.

William was more than willing to turn a blind eye to the annoying Ian who seemed to be his mortal enemy in his past life.

"Is everyone ready?" William asked.

""Meeeeeeeeh!"" the goats replied in unison.

"Wait, can the goats enter the trial grounds, too?" Est asked. He looked at the goats in a hopeful manner. During the battle, the goats showed amazing battle prowess and having them inside the trial would definitely raise their chances of success.

"There's only one way to find out," William grinned. He then tapped the bronze gate with his wooden staff. The door trembled for a few seconds before opening widely. A silver portal appeared at the center of the gate which reminded William of the Portals in the Cycle of Reincarnation.



"After you," William made a gesture for Est to enter first.

"I'll see you on the other side," Est said as he entered the portal.

Isaac and Ian entered the portal as well. The latter didn't forget to give William a hateful glare before passing through the portal.

"What's with him?" William frowned. He then shook his head helplessly as he lightly caressed his Mama Ella, urging her to enter the portal.

Soon William and the rest of his herd entered the portal. Deep inside, William was feeling excited. He was very curious about what kind of Trial he would be facing. He was also looking forward to the completion of the trial, so that he could check out the items in the God Shop.

According to Gavin, there were several items for sale in the shop that would allow him to acquire very rare Job Classes. With such an incentive, William was pumped up to finish the quest as fast as possible.

Little did he know that the Trial in the sacred grounds was not only prepared for Est, but for him as well.


Chapter 70

They found themselves at the entrance of an eerie forest where Est and the twins were waiting for them. With just a glance, William could tell that the forest was bad news. 

< Ding! >

< You have accepted the Quest "Trial of Courage" >

< Quest: Trial of Courage >

< Quest Objective: Escort Est to the Altar of Courage located at the center of the forest. >

< Secondary Objective: Est must survive >

< Quest will automatically fail once Est or the Host dies. >

< Quest Reward: Host's Second Transcendance Phase will be unlocked. >

'What an ominous sounding mission,' William sighed as he finished reading the contents of the quest. 

He then returned his attention to the forest and observed it more closely.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

The air smelled of decay and rot, while the towering trees blocked out the sunlight. There was not a path to follow. Meaning, they would have to traverse the forest without any form of navigation.

Of course, this doesn't apply to William because he had the system with him. Its mapping function sprang to life as it displayed William's current location on the map. According to his estimate, the forest extends for at least three miles in all directions. 

Fortunately, William saw a blinking gold dot at the center of the map. The red-head boy assumed that this was the place where they needed to go in order to clear the trial. There were also several ominous purple dots that were moving on the map which gave William a sense of mortal danger.

'I guess these purple dots are off limits,' William thought. 'They are probably monsters belonging to the Centennial or Millennial Beast categories.'

Over thirty purple dots were scattered around the map and they were all encircling the gold dot which William labeled as their quest objective. 

Est, Ian, and Isaac thought that William was still in a daze because he was looking at the space in front of him. Ian didn't want to approach him because he felt like beating him up, while Isaac didn't want to offend his brother, so he remained by his side.

As for Est, he was scanning the surroundings with a frown. He was quite sensitive to danger and he could feel the tell-tale signs that the eerie forest housed many strong entities that could potentially kill them.

"Est, come here for a moment," William said as he motioned for the Young Master to come closer.

"Yes?" Est replied as he stopped a meter away from William. 



"Did you get any information about this place from the High Priestess?'

"No. But, something is calling out to me from inside the forest. I believe that it is the place I have to go."

"Can you tell me which direction that feeling is coming from?" William inquired.

Est closed his eyes and extended his senses outwards. He then pointed in the direction where the strong attraction was coming from. 

William nodded his head because Est had just confirmed his suspicion. The direction he was pointing at was exactly the place where the blinking gold dot was located.

"Ok listen up, let's set some rules first before we enter the forest," William said with a serious expression. "I want to appoint myself as the leader of this expedition. Everyone must follow my order no matter how unreasonable it is."

"And why should we follow you?" Ian snorted. "We only obey the Young Master."

"T-That's right," Isaac supported his twin. "We only follow the Young Master's order."

William looked at Est and waited for his decision. He knew that Ian would definitely reject his proposal and he was also expecting that Isaac would support his brother. However, they were not the ones calling the shots on this mission.



As long as Est nodded his head then the twins had no choice but to follow his orders. 

"William, since you accepted this commission that means that I am your employer," Est raised his head to look at the shepherd who was mounted on top of the Angorian Goat. "The employer has the right to order their subordinates during a mission."

Est was a proud person. He had gotten used to the fact that everyone obeyed his every word. He thought that since William had decided to become part of his group, the shepherd would follow his orders.

Who would have thought that the first thing that he would do was to take the role of the leader and ask them to follow his orders. This was something that Est wouldn't accept so easily. 

"Is that so?" William answered in a casual manner. "Sorry, I didn't come here to play house with the three of you. If you want to do it your way then you can do it alone."

"Y-You! Are you disobeying me?" For the first time in his life, Est felt that his authority was being challenged. 

"Disobeying you?" William snorted. "Don't treat me as one of your servants. I have only one master and it's not you."

Est gritted his teeth as he clenched his teeth in anger.

"So, you finally showed your true colors," Ian spat on the ground. "I knew that you were a superficial person the moment I saw you. I guess I was right."



William lazily laid down on Ella's back and propped his head on the palm of his hand. He then gave Ian a sidelong glance before giving a retort. "The first time I saw you, I knew that you were a little goblin in disguise. I guess I was right. Even your breath smells bad."

"Y-You!" Ian unsheathed his short sword and was about to charge at William when the Angorian Goats stepped forward and formed a battle formation. Their sharp and pointy horns were aimed outwards. 

Clearly, they would not hesitate to attack Ian if he moved to hurt their Master, William. Even Ella changed her form into the Angorian War Ibex. Her intimidating aura pressed down on the young boy and made him stop in his tracks.

"Meeeeeeeh!" Ella bleated. The color of her horns and hooves changed to Mithril blue. Her gaze locked on Ian. 

Est could easily tell that the War Ibex's gaze was not friendly. He immediately made a gesture for Ian to hold his ground and not provoke the goats any further.

The three children had to admit that even if they joined forces, they would not be a match against Ella and the Angorian goats by her side. Not to mention, William was also a magician. Although they didn't know why a magician, like him, was acting like a shepherd, they didn't doubt his fighting ability.

"There's no need to fight against each other," Est said after regaining his composure. "We are not enemies."

"My condition remains the same," William commented in a lazy tone. "Either I lead this group or we part ways here. There's no room for negotiations."

Est knew that William had already made his stance and wouldn't change his mind. Right now, he was in a dilemma. Either they carried out the trial with just the three of them or let William have his way.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

If he chose to clear the trial with just the three of them, the difficulty would surely increase. Also, he didn't know what kind of dangers he would be facing inside the forest. There was safety in numbers and the goats held an advantage because of their teamwork.

However, he was still struggling deep inside because he didn't like someone forcefully taking over his authority. In the end, he made a decision as he made a gesture for Ian and Isaac to stand by his side.

"We will part our ways here." Est stated in a firm manner. "I will not forget that you have saved my life from the Mountain Troll. This favor, I will definitely repay in the future."

Without waiting for his reply, he turned around and walked into the forest. Isaac and Ian hurried to catch up behind him.

William watched the three go with a calm expression. However, deep within his heart, he was feeling anxious. 

'Fine, let's see what the three of you can do,' William mused. 'I'd like to see how far the three of you can go without my help.'

William watched as the three green dots that represented Est and his lackeys entered the forest. He was very curious about what kind of abilities the three of them possessed. They weren't able to show it earlier when he was fighting against the Mountain Troll.

The red-head boy deemed that it was best to know the extent of their battle capabilities, so that he could make the right decisions if he was to work together with them.


Chapter 71

Isaac and Ian used their short swords to cut the vegetation to create a path. They were paying extra attention to their surroundings as they moved with caution.

Est had a frown on his face as he walked in the rear of their formation. They had already been walking for an hour, and they still hadn't encountered a living beast within the Dark Forest. He couldn't even hear the sounds of birds or the buzzing of the insects.

The forest seemed to be devoid of life, but it only made him more wary.

Suddenly, he heard some snapping noises around them. Isaac and Ian immediately rushed to his side and formed a protective perimeter.

It was at that moment when something sprouted out of the ground and grabbed hold of Isaac's ankle. The boy immediately looked down and saw a hand made up of bones holding his ankle in a firm grip.

Ian immediately stomped on the hand, crushing it to pieces and freeing his twin in the process. To his dismay, more hands sprang up from the ground and latched unto them.

"Hah!" Est, Ian, and Isaac released a shout and a powerful shockwave blew the skeleton arms off their bodies. 

"Climb the tree, hurry!" Est ordered.

The three children hurriedly ran towards the nearest tree and climbed as high as they could. Not long after their climb, the ground started to shake.

"An earthquake?" Isaac asked.



"No," Est replied. "This is not an earthquake."

"It's something worse," Ian's face paled as he watched hundreds of skeleton warriors rise up from the ground. Some of them were wearing light armors and carrying steel weapons in their hands.

The sounds of bones snapping reverberated in the forest as more Skeletons rose up from the ground. The forest that was once devoid of life was now teeming with the undead.

William clicked his tongue as he watched the event that appeared in front of his eyes. He was currently on top of a tree and watching the three children from afar. Due to his skill Eagle Eyes and Vulture Eyes, he was able to see up to 1,100 meters in front of him. 

Eagles Eyes (5 / 5)

(Passive)

-- Able to see farther than regular eyesight.

-- Increase Vision +100 Meters

-- Dexterity +10



Vulture Eyes (5 / 5)

(10 Mana Points) 

-- Lock on to your target from a great distance.

-- Increase vision +1000 meters.

-- Skill Duration: 20 minutes. 

He could clearly see over a thousand skeletons encircling the tree where the three children were perched. The bad news was that the number of skeletons was still rising at an alarming rate. 

'Should I help them?' William thought. Although he couldn't fight off the skeletons, he could easily help Est and the twins to break free from the encirclement.

While William was still pondering on what to do, Est and the twins had already made their move. 

'Um? Why are they… oh fck! The bastards are headed in my direction!' William cursed internally. 'Oh sh*t! The skeletons are also headed in my direction!'



William's eyes widened in shock when he saw the sudden turn of events. His eyes unconsciously darted to Ian's no-good face. The red-head boy could see the devilish smirk plastered on the hateful boy's face which made his liver itch.

'I'm itching to beat the crap out of this bastard,' William gnashed his teeth as he watched the three children jump from tree to tree while heading in his direction. 

Their movements were quite fast and, within a minute, they landed on the tree opposite of William's. 

William ignored the three children and focused his attention on the skeleton army. He gauged that it would still take the skeleton army fifteen minutes to arrive at their location. That was more than enough time to have a chat.

"Fancy meeting you here," Ian said with a sneer. "What's the matter? Cat got your tongue?"

"Fancy meeting you here," William replied with contempt. "What's the matter? Did you come here to beg this Sir to help you?"

Ian's face darkened, but he couldn't find any words to refute William's claim. Earlier, he had sneakily used his ability to mark William by using his anger as a medium. As long as his anger for the boy remained, he would be able to locate him wherever he was.

This was an ability he had awakened a few years ago. It was an ability meant to track his enemies, giving them no place to escape his pursuit. Never in his wildest dreams did he think that he would have to use his ability to seek the help of the person whom he hated the most.

William leaned against the tree bark in a carefree manner. He was the one who had the advantage in this negotiation and he would be a fool to not use it to his advantage. 

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

An internal struggle was currently happening inside Est's mind. Although they did manage to escape the skeleton's pursuit, it was only a matter of time before they caught up to them. The burst of power they had displayed a while ago had a time limit and they couldn't keep their Sword Aura active for very long.

Even now, they only had five more minutes before it lost its effect. Est knew that with every minute that passed, the danger they would face would grow exponentially. 

With a sigh of resignation, he looked at the carefree shepherd in front of him and admitted defeat. If he wanted to succeed then he had no choice but to compromise. It was at that moment when he remembered the Goddess' words back in the temple.

"I only look at the results, Est. not the process."

For the first time in his life, Est was forced to take a step back and swallow his pride. He even had to compromise and lower his head to someone who was not his equal. Since he had made his decision, he no longer hesitated and took the initiative to ask for William's help. 

"I agree with your condition," Est said. "Please, lend us your strength. I need to clear this quest no matter what. The Fate of the entire…"

A hand covered Est's lips as Isaac stood beside him. 

"I'm sorry, Young Master," Isaac whispered. "Please forgive me for my transgression, but we can't let anyone know about our mission. This was the warning that the oracle gave us before we left the capital."

Est's eyes widened in shock as he realized that he almost told William the reason for undergoing the trial. The sudden attack of the skeletons had clouded his mind and made him lose a bit of his composure.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

After taking a few deep breaths to compose himself, he tapped Isaac's hands to assure him that he was now in control of his emotions.

Isaac removed his hand from Est's lips and bowed his head in apology.

"You are not at fault," Est said as he addressed Isaac. "I promise that I will be more careful in the future."

"As long as the Young Master understands, this servant is willing to be punished."

"There will be no punishment. Just focus on the task at hand."

"Yes, Young Master!"

William watched the exchange with an amused expression. He didn't really want to pry, and he was really not interested in knowing more about their mission. All he cared about was the completion of the trial so his own mission would be completed.

"Let's go," William ordered as he jumped towards another tree. 

The three children followed behind him and they returned to the outskirts of the forest where Ella and the rest of the goats were waiting for them. 



It might have taken some time, but William had finally accomplished his goal to take command of this party. Even the annoying Ian kept his mouth shut and simply followed behind him. 

Half an hour later, a herd of goats darted across the forest floor. The skeleton army had been long left behind in their dust. William kept his attention on the map as he gave minute orders to the goats.

Est, Isaac, and Ian were currently riding Aslan, Chronos, and Echo. After careful consideration, William decided to conserve the three children's fighting strength. This would help them deal with any unexpected surprises that they might meet along the way.

"Stop!" William ordered and the goats immediately stopped in their tracks. 

They were only two thousand meters away from the golden blinking dot on the map, but they couldn't advance any further.

Regardless of what path they chose, they would be forced to fight with one of the five purple dots guarding each of the five entrances that led to their destination. William had already used his ability to look ahead of them and found no other way forward, except for a direct confrontation.


Chapter 72

A giant purple orb of light blocked the only path leading to the center of the forest.

William had tried to find other routes, but a powerful barrier blocked their way. After repeated tries, it dawned on them that the only way to advance was to confront the purple orb that was blocking their path.

"Prepare for battle," William ordered as he raised his staff.

Immediately after his announcement, a notification appeared in front of his eyes.

< Ding! >

< Are you going to participate in the Challenge of Courage? >

< Yes / No >

William took a deep breath before choosing Yes.

After choosing his answer, the giant purple orb in front of them expanded. It engulfed William, Ella, Est, Ian, and Isaac along with the rest of the goats. A few seconds later, they found themselves on what seemed to be an open plain.

Nothing could be seen for miles, except for the vast grassland. However, instead of calming the children, it only made them raise their guards even more. As they eyed their surroundings, William noticed that his herd was feeling restless.

For more, visit lightnovelworld[.]com

The ears of the goats would perk up every now and then as if they were picking up sounds that the humans couldn't hear.

Suddenly, Ella broke away from the formation and charged at something. Since William was mounted on her back, he had no choice but to be dragged along with her.

"Meeeeeeh!" Ella bleated. "Meeeeeeeh!"

"Something is in front of us?" William asked.

"Meeeeeh!" Ella answered. "Meeeeeh!"

"Monsters? And there is more than one of them?" William looked around anxiously, but he couldn't see anything.

"Meeeeeeeh!" Ella stomped her front hooves on the ground and delivered a powerful kick behind her.

A loud shriek was heard as something that resembled a lizard, flew several meters off the ground due to Ella's powerful kick.

William observed the monster in front of him as it angrily hissed at Ella after standing up.

New novel chapters are published on light/nov/elw/orld[.]com

The monster, that looked like a cross between a chameleon and a monitor lizard, was at least six meters long. Its body was covered in dark green scales, and its blood-red eyes were currently looking at Ella with hatred. Its webbed-feet had four razor sharp claws and they glinted in the sunlight like a sharp blade.

The red-head boy had no idea what it was, so he immediately used his appraisal skill to get a better understanding of an enemy that he was seeing for the first time in his life.

< Gasmirage >

-- Chameleon Type Beast

-- Threat Level C

-- Known as the hidden killer of the grasslands. This chameleon, who lives in the Eastern Plains of the Southern Continent, is known for its lethal ambushes.

-- It's main weapon is its long tongue that extends up to 30 meters and can easily shatter a boulder in one strike.

-- During battle, it coats its claws with poison that is potent enough to kill a man within five minutes.

-- It's special ability is Stealth

The source of this content is lightno/ve/lw/orld[.]com

(A/N: The rankings for the threat levels are E, D, C, B, A, S, SS, SSR, and Calamity. Centennial Beasts are Rank S, Millennial Beasts are rank SS, and Myriad Beasts are ranked as SSR. Calamity classes are those beasts who are half-a-step away or have already stepped on the ranks of Demigods.)

As William absorbed the information in his head, he noticed that the Gasmirage's front right-leg was bent at an unnatural angle. It seemed that it was the part of its body that received the full brunt of Ella's kick.

The monster hissed and its long tongue shot out towards William and Ella like a deadly whip.

Ella evaded the attack with ease. However, a six-meter long gash, that was a meter deep, appeared in the ground that they were standing at just a few seconds ago. It showed William just how powerful the attack was and it made him very wary of the Gasmirage's battle prowess.

Seeing that it failed to kill its targets, the pissed-off Gasmirage's tongue lashed out a barrage of attacks in rapid succession.

Even with Ella's agility, she was having trouble dodging the consecutive blows of the tongue that seemed to have a life of its own.

"Behind you!"

William heard Est's warning, and immediately turned his head to look at his back. There he saw four more lethal tongues that were currently heading in their direction.

"Ice Wall!"

The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelworld[.]com

Four layers of Ice Wall appeared behind William's back as he attempted to shield himself and Ella from the unexpected sneak attack. The four tongues that were powerful enough to break boulders shattered three layers of the Ice Wall before stopping at the fourth one.

"Mama!"

"Meeeeeh!"

Ella quickly took that opportunity to make her escape and return to where Est and the others were. Surprisingly, the monsters didn't make any follow up attacks on William and Ella as they retreated towards their group.

The injured Gasmirage flicked its tongue before usings its stealth ability. It was not in a hurry to have its revenge because its comrades were slowly forming a tight encirclement in order to trap their prey.

Also, their leader was already headed in their direction. Once it arrived, their enemy's chances of winning was nil.

"What are we going to do?" Est asked as he warily looked around their surroundings. "We can't fight what we can't see."

"What kind of monster was it?" Isaac asked. "I've never heard or seen something like this before."

"It's name is Gasmirage. Threat Level C," William explained. "It's main weapon is its tongue that extends up to thirty meters. Ah, its claws also contain poison that can paralyze its prey. Make sure to avoid it at all costs."

Updated from /l/ightnovelworld[.]com

"Do you know their weakness?" Ian asked. "Also, how did you know about this creature?"

"My master is a walking monster encyclopedia," William lied with a straight face. "I heard her talking about this monster in passing. This monster thrives within the Eastern Plains of the Southern Continent. As for their weakness, they don't have any."

"Monster Ensayklopedia?" Est asked. "What's that?"

"... In short, she knows a lot about monsters," William answered in an awkward manner.

"I see." Est nodded his head. Although he had a feeling that William wasn't telling him the truth, he knew that now was not the time to ask such questions. "Do you have a plan in mind?"

Since he had already recognized him as the leader of the party, he decided to observe whether he really had the capabilities to lead them.

"There is a way, but..." William looked at the three children with reluctance. "You might not like it."

"What do you mean that we might not like it?" Ian asked in a challenging tone.

William didn't answer Ian's question. Instead, he glanced at the grasslands around them. If possible, he didn't want to use this ability because his Master had repeatedly warned him not to use it in public.

New novel chapters are published on li/ghtnovel/world[.]com

"Remember this, WIlliam," Celine said with a serious expression. "No matter how good or noble your intentions are, human prejudice is something that you must consider when using this power. Only use it as a last resort."

While he was still having an internal debate whether he should use his power or not, the ground started to shake. A hulking giant that was at least forty-meters tall appeared in their vision. It had red skin and a single horn jutted out of its head. In its hand was a giant black steel hammer that was as dark as the night.

The most notable feature of this monster was its single, large, red-eye that seemed to pierce through their souls.

The hairs on William's neck stood on end as he gazed upon the towering threat in front of him. The feeling that the monster gave him was similar to the Strathmore Thunder Horned Wolf and Golden-Scaled Crocodile that he had faced many months ago.

It was a presence that William could never hope to defeat with his current level of power.


Chapter 73

< Terrorhand >

-- Giant Race

-- Threat Level SS (Millennial Beast)

-- Long ago, it was said that a race of Cyclops broke free from the control of the Gods and started to slaughter everything in existence. They had incredible strength that was able to overpower most of the other giant races, which allowed them to roam unhindered for many years.

-- The single eye on their head is able to shoot out a concentrated beam of light that is able to destroy fortress walls. 

-- They are able to control the Metal Element to a certain extent, which gives them the ability to make their bodies as hard as steel.

-- They are weak against the Holy Element

Instead of hope, William found despair as he read the information of Terrorhand. Although it had a weakness, he didn't have any Job Classes in his possession with the Holy Element. 

His only hope was his companions so he decided to ask if any of them could wield the power to slay the Millennial Beast in front of them.

"The name of this monster is Terrorhand," William said as he tried to suppress the despair in his voice. "It is a Millennial Beast and its only weakness is the Holy Element. Do any of you possess the Holy Element?"



Isaac and Ian shook their heads before looking at their Young Master. 

Est bit his lip before reluctantly nodding his head, "I don't have the power to use Holy Spells, but I do have a weapon that is imbued by the Holy Element."

The handsome boy waved his hand and a sword appeared in front of him. The plain-looking sword didn't look special. In fact, it looked so normal that William was finding it hard to believe that it was imbued with the Holy Element.

Because of his doubts, he decided to use his appraisal skill on the sword.

< Rhapsody - the Sword of Eternal Glory >

-- The sword that was wielded by the Hero Altera who protected the humans during the War of the Darkness. 

-- Its power will depend upon the belief of its user. The stronger their belief, the more powerful the sword becomes.

-- Imbued with the Holy Element.

-- This sword is indestructible.



-- Can only be wielded by the devout followers of the Goddess Astrid.

William had a complicated look on his face as he read the information of the sword. Although the word "indestructible" and "imbued with the Holy Element" caught his eye, he was not feeling optimistic about their chances.

Aside from Terrorhand, there were six Gasmirages that were currently hiding using their stealth ability. William's map had been disabled, so he couldn't detect their locations. With a Millennial Beast and six invisible threats, William felt that this challenge was simply impossible to clear.

'I guess I have no choice,' William thought as he clenched his fist. This was a battle of life and death, so he couldn't be choosy with the method that was available to him. 

Since it was impossible for him to beat the Terrorhand, he would devote himself to the supporting role to ensure that Est would be able to deliver the finishing blow to the Millennial Beast.

"Est, do you have the confidence to beat that thing?" William asked.

"No." Est shook his head. "Beating it is impossible."

He was feeling fainthearted, as he gripped the sword in his hand. When the Goddess mentioned that the trial would be hard, he thought that he would still be able to clear it using the sacred sword that the Goddess had passed unto him.

Est realized how naive he was. 



Would a challenge that affected the Fate of a Kingdom be easy? 

Of course not. 

He was starting to despair. Fear was slowly gripping his heart and it was making it hard for him to breathe. Est felt his hand becoming clammy as cold sweat streamed down the side of his face. 

As he was about to lose all hope, a pair of rough hands pressed down on his shoulders. Est raised his head and saw a pair of bright green eyes looking straight at him. 

"No matter how strong the enemy is, a hero can't choose their opponent," William said in a firm manner. "This is why they are called Heroes."

"B-But, I'm not a hero," Est replied. "I was not born a hero."

"Heroes are not born, they are made," William stated. "A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles."

His confident voice pierced through Est's heart, warding off the fear that had almost rendered him paralyzed. Est could also feel warmth spreading from the palms of William's hands that were currently pressing on his shoulders.

"Pep talk is over," William said as he gazed at the adversary that he had to face. His fearless gaze awed Isaac and even Ian, who was always skeptical about William, had to admit that the boy's current expression looked cool.



"Bestow!"

"Ice Armor!"

"Leader of the Herd!

William buffed his herd and applied Ice Armor to everyone including Est and the twins. He then asked the system to switch his sub class from the Ice Wizard to Dark Mage. right now, his Ice Magic could make little difference against their enemies, so he decided to get serious.

"William, the mithril collar that I gave you is special," Celine said as he patted the boy's head. "It has a special function that you can use once every five years. The price of using it is very steep. 

However, if you have to choose between paying the price and dying, you should just pay the price and use it. After all, only when you are alive will you be able to accomplish your goals in life. The passcode to activate the collar's ability is..."

William touched the mithril collar on his neck and said…

"Rule Breaker..."

The collar glowed radiant blue as William felt a surge of power washing over his body. This was a forbidden spell that Celine had taught him to preserve his life before he left the village to visit the Holy Temple.



William didn't know that Celine had a premonition that William would encounter extreme danger during his journey. Because of this, she decided to impart the collar's secret in order to give him a chance of survival.

Tendrils of darkness snaked around WIlliam's body as the mithril collar executed its special function. 

"T-This is Dark Magic?" Isaac gasped.

Ian's eyes widened in surprise before his face contorted to an expression of scorn. 

Est stared at the red-head boy who was slowly being enveloped by darkness. To his surprise, he didn't feel any negative feelings towards William. In fact, Est was feeling a sense of peace and security coming from him.

Est understood that William was taking a risk by showing them this side of himself.

The sword in his hand pulsed with power and the words of the Goddess whispered in his ears.

"I only look at the results, Est. not the process."

'Lady Astrid, I think I now understand what you are trying to tell me,' Est thought as he firmly gripped the sword in his hand. 'Since you chose him to be my companion in this trial, I will also put my trust in him.'



< Ding! >

< The special function of the Collar of Wisteria had successfully activated! >

< Dark Mage Job Class have been forcefully upgraded to a Prestige Class >

< Acquired Prestige Class: Prince of Darkness >

< This Job Class is temporary and will only last for 2 hours. >

William sighed as the power inside his body stabilized. This was the first time he felt so powerful. Even so, he understood that he wouldn't be able to beat the Millennial Beast with his current strength. 

However, beating a Centennial Beast poses no problem at all. 

"Ethereal Vision!" 

The corner of William's lips curled up into a smirk as the color of his eyes changed into a golden color. The hiding Gasmirages were laid bare before his eyes and he decided to deal with them first before fighting off against the Millennial Beast.



"Glorious Darkness, my redeemer, I need you now in my time of need. Guide my hand so I might conquer your foes. Punish the fools who have forgotten your name, and doom them all to eternal darkness!"

"Darkness Breaker!"

Over a dozen dark beams shot out from the sky and criss crossed across the plains. The hiding monsters let out a shriek as their world descended into darkness. Dark mists oozed out of their eyes as their bodies rolled on the ground in pain.

"Mama Ella, I'll leave the small fries to you," William ordered. "Est, and your two sidekicks, we are going to deal with the Terrorhand. I'm going to say this now, but none of you are allowed to die. Do I make myself clear?"

""Meeeeeeh!""

"Understood." Est nodded his head.

"Okay," Isaac replied with a determined expression.

"I'll follow you just this once." Ian decided to focus on the task at hand for the time being. Even though he disliked William, there was no way he would allow his Young Master to face the Cyclops on his own.


Chapter 74

With a mighty roar, the battle officially began. Terrorhand was indeed a very formidable opponent. None of the children's attacks were dealing any damage to its body.

Even Est's sword, Rhapsody, could at most open superficial wounds that would regenerate in an instant.

"Est! Jump back!" William ordered.

Este didn't think twice and immediately obeyed William's order. A black whip made up of dark magic wrapped up around his waist. With a tug of William's hand, Est was pulled away from his location just in time to evade the red beam of light that shot out from the Cyclop's eye.

The ground exploded sending burning rocks in all directions. Isaac and Ian, who were near the area of explosion, distanced themselves while evading the dangerous projectiles that were flying all around them.

"We can't continue like this," William said as Est landed beside him. "We need to end him in one strike."

"But how?" Est asked. Suddenly, a realization struck him. "Don't tell me…"

"Yes." William raised his head and looked at the Cyclops' only eye that was looking at them in disdain. "We need to attack its eye."

Saying it was one thing, but actually doing the deed was another. The Cyclops towered above them. Fighting it at close range was very risky as well because it specialized in close combat. If not for their fast mobility, and William playing the supporting role, all of them would have already died by now.

The ground trembled as the Cyclops used its hammer to smash Isaac and Ian who were distracting it with their long range magic attacks.



Isaac's Earth's Magic and Ian's Water Magic worked hand in hand to fire projectiles at the Cyclops's eye. These attacks didn't deal any damage to the eye itself, but it annoyed the giant to the point that it was focusing its attacks on them.

Ian jumped in the air and William's black whip pulled him out of the Cyclops' attack range. They were using hit and run tactics against the cyclops because it was very dangerous to fight it head on.

< Gained Exp Points: 10,000 >

William looked at the notification with a grim expression. He was buying enough time for Ella and his herd to kill the Gasmirages so that they could help them deal with the cyclops.

'Two more small fries remain,' William thought as he glanced at the pitiful Gasmirages who were currently being ganged up on by Ella and the goats. 'At most it will be over in two minutes.'

Two minutes might seem like a short time, but when fighting against a Millennial Beast, every second counted. William also knew that even if Ella and the rest of the goats were to complete their mission, the help they could offer against the Cyclops was very limited.

Aside from Ella, the other Angorian goats would not be able to do anything. William was not foolish enough to order them to engage against a Millennial Beast. That would be just like throwing eggs on a boulder.

He had already fired over a dozen < Void Arrow > at the Cyclops, but it remained indifferent to his dark magic. It seemed that the Cyclops race was immune to any type of magic that disabled their eyesight.

An angry roar reverberated in the plains as the Cyclops went on a rampage. It swung its hammer and hurled it towards William's and Est's location.



"Levitation," William said as he held Est's waist. He then flew up towards the sky to evade the incoming attack. Even though the attack missed, a powerful shockwave pushed the two children away as a dust cloud appeared on the area where the giant hammer fell.

"This is really hopeless," Est sighed as William and him landed on the ground. "We won't be able to kill it."

"Of course we can't kill it," William said with irritation. "But, we can beat it. Do not forget that the power of the sword is dependent on your belief. If your belief wavers then its power will also be affected."

"I know!" Est said through gritted teeth. He knows, but what of it? No matter how much he tried to hold unto his belief, he felt that he was an ant facing off against an elephant. For him to be able to remain standing was already a feat in itself, but the more he fought against the Cyclops, the more he realized that this trial was impossible to clear.

"This trial is called the Trial of Courage," William reminded him. He could tell that Est was getting frustrated and it would do him no good if he lost heart at this critical moment. "It means that this trial will measure our courage. Perhaps, killing the Cyclops is not the goal of this trial."

"Then what is the goal of this trial?"

"It is just a hunch, but I think that the goal is to have the courage to face off against an opponent that is impossible to defeat."

William had encountered similar scenarios like this in games. There were bosses and characters who were "invincible" and you will have to fight them in order to continue the story line. When the protagonist was about to be defeated, something would happen that would make the "invincible boss" run away or end the battle immediately.

'We just need to find out what the requirement is to trigger that event,' William thought as he racked his brains for any clues to tip the scales in their favor.



"The courage to face off against an opponent that you can't defeat," Est muttered. "Perhaps you're right. Maybe we just need to keep on fighting and show our bravery?"

"Yes," William replied. 'Gavin gave me this trial so there must be a way to clear it. He couldn't possibly have given me a trial that was impossible to clear in the first place, right?"

"Gavin, is there really a way for William to beat that cyclops?" Issei asked as he looked at the projection in front of him. "Isn't this trial too hard?"

"Exactly! Are you trying to bully William?" Lily scoffed. "He still hasn't used my divinity and you're already planning to get him killed? Are you out of your mind?"

Gavin cleared his throat as he looked at the struggling red-head boy in the projection. "Actually, this was not the trial I intended for William. Astrid came to look for me earlier and asked if my follower could help her own devout believer clear a trial she prepared for him."

"So this is all that tomboy's doing?" Lily pursed her lips. "Since it's her believer's problem, why must she drag others into it?"

"Because, this is the only way for my believer to complete this mission."

A beautiful lady wearing knight's armor appeared out of thin air. Her long black hair was tied in a ponytail and her eyes, that held unwavering determination, stared at the projection. She could tell that Est was on the verge of giving up.

Only the words of the red-headed boy beside him was preventing him from losing all hope.



"My believer is still too young and inexperienced," Astrid said in a clear and crisp tone. "It just so happened that I sensed someone with very strong divinity in his surroundings. After an in depth investigation, I found out that he was one of Gavin's followers."

Astrid paused and gave Lily and Issei a side-long glance. "I didn't expect to find out that the boy carried not only one, but three divinities in his body. This is the first time I've seen something like this, I'm very curious, why did the two of you favor another God's follower? I wonder what will happen when the other Gods learn about this secret?"

"That's none of your business!" Lily angrily placed her hands on her waist. "You think you can blackmail us? We're not breaking any rules!"

"Are you threatening us?" Issei narrowed his eyes. "I doubt that a righteous knight like you likes to gossip, but if you ever do, I'll make sure that all of your believers will become part of my followers' harem. I'm not afraid of you, nor any of the Gods. Mess with my Brother and I'll make sure that all of your believers would become my men's s*x slaves."

Astrid raised an eyebrow, but she didn't argue with Issei. Among the New Generation Gods, the Harem God was someone who held absolute power. All of his believers were very influential people in the worlds they resided in.

From the lowest commoners to the highest Kings and Emperors. His power couldn't be challenged and all the Gods were wary of him.

No one would want their devout followers to become mindless slaves who would wantonly fall into depravity.

"Be at peace," Astrid replied in a firm voice. "I have no intention of telling this to anyone."

Lily snorted and was about to nag the uptight tomboy when she saw Gavin shaking his head. She had no choice but to bottle up her retort inside her chest and return her attention to the ongoing battle at the plains.



"Well, so how will they be able to clear this mission?" David asked as he played with his beard. "Is this really just a trial of courage? How come I don't see any chances of winning?"

"This trial wasn't supposed to be cleared in the first place," Astrid admitted.

"Huh?! What did you say?!" Lily glared at the Goddess of Knights.

"Frankly, I don't want to honor the promise I made to the Hellan Kingdom." Astrid looked at her devout follower with a gentle gaze. "It's just that Est had made an oath to offer her everything to me in exchange for a chance. When I told her that I would give her a chance if she lived her life as a man forever, she didn't even bat an eye and said Yes.

"I thought that she was just joking, but when I really turned her, and the two girls serving under her into boys, it was then that I realized that she was serious. Since that was the case then I should at least give her a winning chance."

"But you said that this trial couldn't be cleared in the first place," Issei interjected. "Doesn't this mean that you lied to your believer?"

"It is true that Est wouldn't be able to clear the trial if she was alone," Astrid answered. "That is why I asked Gavin for help."

Astrid focused her attention on William who was currently holding Est in the air. A flicker of expectation could be seen in her eyes. "Perhaps, someone who was favored by three Gods…"

"Four," David cut in. "Not three but four."



The corner of Astrid's lips twitched as she looked at the Shepherd God who was peacefully drinking his tea at the side. "You're in on this, too, David?"

"Why not?" David answered. "William is a very interesting boy. He reminds me of when I was just born in this world. Since he is as handsome as me, he will definitely be able to find a way.

"Ah, that reminds me, there is a famous saying on his home planet that goes something along the lines of… 'If there's a Will there's a Way'. Astrid, if Will can really complete this mission, you are going to owe him a favor."

The four gods looked at David in disdain. As handsome as you? Have you seen your reflection in the mirror? Pitui!

"I'll consider it," Astrid replied as she tried her best to keep the calm expression on her face. "But first, he must show me what he can do. I really want to see if a boy that is favored by Four Gods can do the impossible."

Gavin, Issei, Lily, and David looked at the struggling William in the projection. Although they favored him, they still couldn't think of a way for the boy to overcome the obstacle he was currently facing.


Chapter 75

"Listen, I can't stay in this form forever," William explained as he used his dark magic to pull Est, Isaac, and Ian along with him as he evaded the attacks of the Cyclops.

Since they were fighting on a plain, it gave him plenty of space to dodge its attacks. Although the Cyclops' attacks were powerful, as long as they didn't hit then they would be safe.

"I'm using a forbidden spell that allows me to become strong for a short period of time," William said with a serious expression. "Once this magic runs out, I will not be able to use magic for five years."

"What?!" Est asked in surprise "You will not be able to use magic for five years?"

"Yes," William replied. "Not being able to use magic for five years is still better than dying here. Don't you agree?"

"B-But still…"

"Don't worry. I didn't do this only for you. This is part of my trial as well, so we are in the same boat."

Isaac looked at William with admiration. Ian, on the other hand, had a rare look of pity on his face. Although both of them had different expressions, they still understood the weight of William's sacrifice. They never expected that the red-head boy would go this far in order to help their Young Master clear the Trial of Courage.

"We can't afford to fail this Trial," William stated. "Since I decided to go all out, none of you are allowed to pull my leg. I have a plan, but it is risky, are you all willing to put your life on the line and trust me?"

"Yes," Est replied with a determined look. He then gripped the sword in his hand tightly. "If it will help us clear this mission then I'm in."



Isaac and Ian exchanged a glance at each other before firmly nodding their heads. This time, both of them would not question William's orders and give him their full cooperation.

"We only have one chance to do this, so let's make it count." William then started to explain the plan he had in mind.

Est's and the twin's expressions became very serious as they listened to his instructions.

"Any of you can still choose to back down," William sighed. "However, after the time limit of my magic ends, we will just be waiting for our deaths."

"Since we don't have a choice then let's just do it," Ian said as he looked at the Cyclops in the distance.

"I agree," Isaac voiced out his opinion.

Est nodded his head in agreement.

"Very well, since all of you agreed then we are all in this together," William said with a smile. "Hold him off for two minutes. I need to make my preparations."

""Okay!""



William landed on the ground, but he kept the dark whips tied on the children's waists. That way, he could pull them away from danger if they were unable to evade the Cyclops' attacks.

< Gained Exp Points: 10,000 >

'Good job, Mama Ella,' William thought. 'Just one more.'

Est, Ian, and Isaac charged toward the Cyclops from different directions. The twins were using their ranged magic attacks to get its attention.

William made a few hand seals as he prepared the spell that would aid them toward their victory. A black dagger appeared in front of him and stabbed the tip of his finger, allowing blood to spray from his fingertip.

As the blood was absorbed by the ground, A red-magic circle appeared under William's feet. As soon as the magic circle had fully formed, William immediately began his chant.

"Darkness that is darker than black,

Blood that burns with the life of the living.

I pledge myself to overcome the obstacles that lay before my eyes.



Bestow your power upon my unworthy hands,

And let the Fools who stand on my way be destroyed by your unending might!"

"Clones of Darkness!"

William, Est, Isaac, and Ian suddenly multiplied as William's spell took effect. The Clones of Darkness was able to create a dozen clones for each of William's targets. These clones were not ordinary clones because they were able to manifest fifty percent of their original's power.

It was not only the children that had gained this wondrous effect, but Ella and the other goats as well.

Because of this, the hundreds of goats easily overpowered the last Gasmirage and sent it to the afterlife.

< Gained Exp Points: 10,000 >

""MEEEEEEEH!"

The goats made a full powered charge towards the Cyclops. Of course, the original goats aside from Ella were ordered by William not to join the battle. Even though they were unwilling, they still followed their Shepherd's orders and remained a safe distance away from the Cyclops.



As the clones converged on their target, an all out battle Royale Began with the Cyclops at the center.

Est's clones wielded their swords and started to inflict wounds on the Cyclops' ankles and legs. Due to William's current circumstance, Est finally threw caution to the wind and resolved himself to beat the Cyclops.

This sudden change in his attitude made the power of his sword slowly increase with each passing second.

William's clones darted across the battlefield and used the dark whips in order to help his allies evade and attack the blindspots of the towering giant.

The Cyclops became annoyed and wildly swung its hammer left and right. It even fired beams of light from its eye in the hope that it would be able to destroy the insects that were currently ganging up on him.

Unfortunately, William's clones had dedicated themselves to the supporting role. All of his clones were flying in the air and took control of the situation.

The original William who was on the ground, raised his bloody finger and aimed it at the Cyclops' eye like a gun.

"Lirowasniel aerriien tireirélrieth, merrieth, telendyn, talaránial. Ararasnal trylinbradies, marániel, Áerorilbras, elowen, Thriasrilriel rinilol, triloren, morelalyn. Nielinbrnil aeraenas, merlenian..."

An eerie red glow appeared on the tip of William's finger as he took aim. This spell only had a 1% chance of instantly killing a Millennial Beast and Celine had used it on the Golden-Scaled Crocodile back in Lont.



William decided to take a gamble and use this spell to end the life of the Millennial Beast in front of him.

"Finger of Death!" William roared as a red lightning bolt shot out from his finger.

The Cyclops felt the deadly threat of William's attack and immediately countered it with its own beam of light. The red beam and the red lightning bolt clashed against each other, which caused everyone's heart to tremble.

William's feet skidded across the ground as he faced the Cyclops' counter-attack head-on.

Blood seeped from the corner of his lips, but he didn't relent his attack. He was pouring every strand of his magic power in this offensive spell because this was their only chance to beat the Terrorhand.

A powerful explosion sent shockwaves in the air as the two attacks canceled each other out. William fell powerlessly on the ground as the last vestige of magic power left his body.

"Est!" one of William's clones shouted as it held the wooden staff in his hand like a baseball bat.

Est didn't hesitate and leaped into the air. He landed on the wooden staff as he prepared his body to strike.

"Go!" William's clone shouted as he swung the wooden staff. "Magnum Burst!"



Est flew in the air like a cannonball. The Cyclops' reaction was a bit slow because it had also exhausted itself in countering William's full powered death blow.

The young boy fearlessly pulled back the sword in his hand as he prepared for his strongest move.

"Light that shines upon the world, bathe us all in your Eternal Glory!" Est shouted. He then stabbed the sword forward with all of his might. "Grand Cross!"

A radiant light enveloped the holy sword as it pierced the center of the Cyclops' eye.

The Cyclops didn't even get a chance to let out a scream as a cross made of Holy Light split its body into two halves.

A black whip of darkness wrapped around Est's waist and pulled him away to safety. Not long after, the hulking giant fell on the ground with a resounding crash. Everyone in the battlefield looked at the Giant's remains as William's clone gently landed on the ground, carrying Est in a princess carry.

"Good job," The clone said as he helped the handsome boy stand on his feet.

"Did we win?" Est asked. He was still half in doubt if they had really won against a Millennial Beast. 

"Yes," William's clone replied with a smile before vanishing into particles of light.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

For some reason, Est felt his heart skip a beat when he saw the smile of approval on the clone's face. A feeling that he had never felt before started to bloom inside his innocent heart. Surprisingly, he didn't dislike this feeling.


Chapter 76

When William opened his eyes, he found himself in an unfamiliar room.

'Where am I?' William thought as he tried to move his body. To his surprise, no matter how much he tried to move his body, it was not responding. Heck, he couldn't even move his finger. 'What's this? Sleep paralysis?!'

William had encountered this sensation when he was still back on Earth. This feeling was truly scary because you were clearly wide awake, and yet, you were unable to move and even speak.

The red-head boy tried to calm his panicking heart as he recalled the events that happened during the battle against the Cyclops.

'The last thing that I remember, is using the Finger of Death. After that I lost consciousness,' William sighed internally. Suddenly, his heart was gripped by a scary thought. 'Wait! Don't tell me we actually lost? No way! Did I die again?! Is this the afterlife?!'

As William was really starting to panic for real, the door of the room opened and a familiar handsome boy appeared in his line of sight.

"William? Are you awake?" Est asked as he looked at the boy who was lying on the bed. He could see that his eyes were open and, for some reason, they were staring straight at him.

Seeing that the red-head boy wasn't doing anything, Est sat beside the bed and frowned. "What's wrong?"

'There's something wrong with my body, but how can I tell you?!' William glared at Est out of frustration.

"Young Master, is he awake?" Isaac inquired as he walked to the room with his twin, Ian.



"Oi, if you're already awake you should get up," Ian snorted. "Are you a pig? Do you like to lie down so much? You've already been sleeping for two days."

'T-Two days?!' William gasped internally. 'Wait. Did we all die together? Damn! I can't confirm since I can't move or say anything.'

"Hey, are you really awake?" Est asked as he poked William's cheek. "You're clearly awake, but why aren't you moving?"

Ian smirked and joined Est in poking William's face. The two children found that doing this was amusing, so they continued to poke him all over.

'If I can move, I would have already kicked the two of you!' William was feeling frustrated. 'Just because I can't move you think you can bully me?!'

He was trying to use his annoyance to forcefully break through his paralysis, but it was to no avail. He could only glare helplessly at the two bullies and promised that he would beat them up as soon as his paralysis wore off.

"I think something is wrong with him," Isaac said as he sat on the bed. "Is he perhaps suffering from sleep paralysis or a stroke?"

"Ian, call the Head Priestess immediately!" Est ordered.

Ian left the room begrudgingly as he went to look for the High Priestess. For some reason, he found William's current state to be quite amusing. It made him want to bully the defenseless shepherd and irritate him to oblivion.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

"Don't worry, William," Est assured him. "Help is on the way."

William winked at Est once before closing his eyes. Since help was already on the way, he decided to check the blinking notifications in his status screen.

< Ding! >

< Gained Exp: 1,200,000 >

< Congratulations! You have slayed a Millennial Beast! >

< Special Monster First Kill Bonus Exp: 500,000 >

< You have acquired Giant Slayer Title! >

< You have acquired Millenial-Grade Beast Core! >

< Dark Mage Job Class had reached its Max Level! >



< Would you like to Advance to the next Job Class? Yes / No >

'Um? I got the rewards even though Est was the one who killed the Cyclops?' William felt happy upon seeing the notifications. He would definitely not reject the system's rewards for his hard work.

< Giant Slayer >

"The bigger they are, the harder they fall!"

-- Increase attack against Giant Race by 30%

-- Increase attack against monsters that are over 5 meters tall by 30%

-- Strength +5

'Giant Slayer… not bad. This is one good title.' William looked at the new title with approval. He had been dealing with big monsters as of late, so having this title would definitely make his life easier.

'Now time to look at my status page...'



Hit Points: 725 / 725

Mana: < Disabled >

Job Class: Shepherd Level 30

Sub Class: Dark Mage Level 40 (Max)

< Strength: 25 (+2) >

< Agility: 35 (+3) >

< Vitality: 25 (+2) >

< Intelligence: 60 (+2)>

< Dexterity: 16 (+20) >

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

Current Exp: 0 / 154392

< Dark Mage Max >

Job Exp: 146,283 / 146,283

After checking his stats, he noticed that his Mana was disabled for some reason. He immediately called the system to inquire what was happening to his status page.

'System, can you tell me why my Mana is disabled?"'

< Host, this is the consequence for using the power of the Collar of Wisteria. You will be unable to use your mana for five years. >

"What?! I thought the effect of the collar would only prevent me from using the Mage Type Job Classes, it also includes any skill that uses mana?"

< Yes. Any skill that relies on Mana will no longer be usable for the next five years. >

"Okay, let me get this straight," William was hoping that there was still a loophole that he could use in order to activate the skills he normally used in battle. "You mean, I can't even use Bestow, or First Aid?"

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

< Host will be unable to use ANY skills that rely on Mana. >

"Fck!" William cursed. "Master, the last resort you gave me is too brutal…"

The happiness that William felt after getting the rewards of the trial was replaced by depression. He initially thought that his other Job Classes, that didn't rely on magic powers, would be unaffected by the backlash of the Collar of Wisteria.

Never in his wildest dreams did he anticipate that the backlash would cripple him to this extent. Without the buffs, Ella's and the other goats' battle prowess would be reduced drastically.

While William was feeling broken hearted, the High Priestess Finally arrived at the room. She placed her hand over William's head and used a diagnostic spell to check his condition.

"Full Heal," The High Priestess chanted and a layer of green light enveloped William's body.

"How are you feeling?" Est asked with concern.

"Depressed and brokenhearted," William answered as he voiced his thoughts out loud. "...and maybe a little hungry."

"Don't be depressed young man," The High Priestess commented with a smile. "You're still young, why are you feeling depressed? As for hunger, although we don't have much, we can let you have your fill of bread, cheese, and milk."

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"Thank you, Head Priestess," William replied. "I'll take you up on your offer."

"Very well, I'll ask one of my attendants to bring you food," The Head Priestess caressed the side of William's cheek before standing up. "Your name is William, right? Make sure to visit your goats after you eat. They are feeling restless because they are unable to enter the temple to see you."

"That's right! My goats!" William sprang up from the bed and hurriedly left the room. He had completely forgotten about his depression and immediately ran towards the stable to see them.

Est, the High Priestess, and the twins watched him go with dumbfounded faces.

Wasn't he just depressed a while ago? Why was he running away like his pants were on fire?

"Meeeeeeeh!"

"Sorry, Mama Ella," William said as he hugged her Mama's head. "I made you worry."

"Meeeeeh."

"Mmm, I'm fine," William replied. "How about you?"

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

"Meeeeeeeh."

"Don't worry everyone, I'm fine. Sorry for making all of you worry."

""Meeeeeeeeh!""

This was the scene that Est and the twins saw when they arrived at the stable. The other goats circled around William and pressed their heads on his body. With just a glance, one could easily tell how much the goats cared about William.

"He sure is loved by his herd," Ian commented with a smirk.

"Ian, be more kind to William from now on," Est ordered. "He is our benefactor and he sacrificed a lot for us."

"... I understand," Ian replied. "I'll try not to be too mean when I talk to him."

"Why are you being mean to him in the first place?" Est asked. This was the thing he had wanted to ask for quite some time. Ever since Ian saw William, the other had always treated the shepherd in a rude manner.

"I don't know," Ian answered. "I just feel irritated when I see him."



"Don't tell me you fell in love with him at first sight?" Isaac teased his twin. "They say that when someone wants to be noticed by their crush, they do things to get their attention."

"Me? Have a crush on him?" Ian scoffed. "Even if he was the last boy in the world, I would never have a crush on him."

Ian looked at the red-headed boy who was surrounded by his goats. It was true that, whenever he saw William, he felt irritated for some reason. He was, also, unsure why he was feeling that way against a boy whom he had only interacted with for a short while.

As Ian pondered in silence, his gaze landed on Est. His Young Master was looking at William with a tender gaze. It made Ian doubt his own eyes, but Est continued to gaze at William in this manner.

As if the last puzzle on the board fell in place, Ian finally understood why he didn't like William.

He then looked at the shepherd, who was surrounded by his beloved goats, as a feeling of irritation blossomed inside his heart.

Although he wasn't certain, he had a feeling that William would take something very important from him, and that was the reason why Ian felt that William was very unpleasant to his eyes.


Chapter 77

Three days after William and Est cleared the trial, their group finally left the Holy Temple. 

Although William was feeling down that he suddenly got nerfed, he decided to not think too much about it. The group was currently taking a short break by the river, before continuing their journey downstream. 

'It's only five years,' William thought as he swam on the river. "Once those five years are over, I'll charge down the road in order to become the OP Protagonist!"

Perhaps it was due to his frustrations, but he said the last sentence out loud. 

Ian who was cooling his feet by the riverside wasn't able to resist the urge to bring him down a peg. 

"OP Protagonist? Do you think you're some kind of Hero in a fairy tale?" Ian said in disdain. 

William angrily glared at his mortal enemy and swam in his direction. 

"Hey, are you really a boy?" William asked. As he stood a few meters away from Ian. "How come you're acting like you're always having a period?"

Ian's face darkened when he heard William's words. A part of him wanted to refute him, and the other half suddenly became anxious. 

'D-Did he notice?' Ian looked at William anxiously. 'No. it's impossible. Only a handful know about our secret!'



"What's the matter?" William was feeling smug. "Cat got your tongue?"

It was very rare for him to make Ian speechless. Seeing the annoying boy unable to make a comeback made William's frustration decrease by a good margin. 

"Hmp! I will not argue with an idiot like you," Ian replied as he grumpily walked towards the carriage, leaving the smug looking William in his wake.

Est watched this exchange and helplessly shook his head. He had already told Ian not to be too mean to William, but the latter just couldn't resist quarelling with him every chance he got. 

The handsome boy with light-brown hair and eyes, appraised the red-headed boy from where he was sitting. Like most boys, William's body was still developing. His wet red-hair glistened in the sunlight, and his pale white skin shimmered with water droplets. 

As Est observed his body, he noticed a black rose tattoo on William's chest. It was as big as an adult's hand, and was quite eye-catching.

"William, did you always have that tattoo on your chest?" Est asked.

"Tattoo? What tattoo?" William asked back.

"That tattoo on your chest," Est said as he pointed at his own chest.



William lowered his head and looked at his chest. When he saw the black rose tattoo, a frown appeared on his face. He had a hunch where the tattoo came from, but he still asked the system for confirmation. 

'System, do you know where this black rose tattoo on my chest came from?'

< To answer the Host's question, the black rose tattoo is a powerful seal that prevents you from using your magic power. >

'I knew it.'

William looked at the tattoo on his chest with a complicated expression. In the end, he sighed and answered Est's question.

"This is the first time I'm seeing this tattoo," William replied. "I guess this is the side-effect of using the forbidden power during the trial of courage."

"I see…" Est looked apologetic as he stared at William's face. "Sorry, it's because of--"

"Alright, you can stop right there." William shook his head. "I already told you and I'll say it again, I didn't do it just for you. You might not believe me, but I was also tasked with clearing the trial of courage. Maybe the reason why it became so difficult is because there are two people taking the trial at the same time.

"Besides, the one who killed the Cyclops was you and not me. I should be the one thanking you for successfully completing the mission."



Est knew that William would just keep downplaying the part he played during the Cyclops subjugation, so he decided to not pursue the topic any longer. Even if William denied it, he was still Est's benefactor and that wouldn't change no matter what the red-headed boy said.

Est wanted to know more about William. If possible, he wanted the two of them to become friends. Aside from Isaac and Ian, Est never had a peer of the same age. His days were spent inside their estate studying and practicing swordplay. 

This was the first time he wanted to be close to another person. He wanted to know more about him. After making a decision, he decided to take the initiative to prolong their conversation.

"What are your future plans?" Est asked. "If you like, you can come with us to the capital. I still haven't rewarded you for saving my life."

"My only plan right now is to return to Lont and live a happy and peaceful life," William answered as he walked towards the side of the river. He was done swimming and it was time for him to put on some clothes. "As for the reward that you want to give me, I'll pass on that. Receiving a reward from a friend feels awkward."

"F-Friend?!" Est's eyes widened. "Are we now friends?"

"You don't want to be?"

"I want!"

William chuckled when he saw Est's reaction. He didn't mind being friends with someone who had fought side by side with him in a battle of life and death.



William walked towards Est with a refreshing smile. Water droplets were still falling from his hair as he extended a hand to the handsome boy in front of him. The latter also extended his own hand and held William's hand in a firm grip.

"Hello, my name is William Von Ainsworth, just call me Will."

"Est Wells Newmont. Just call me Est."

"Is that your real name?" William asked.

"For now," Est answered. "Sorry, I want to tell you my real name, but I am not at liberty to do so."

"It's fine. So how about your two sidekicks?" William inquired. "What are their real names?"

"T-That…" Est averted his gaze. "I am also not at liberty to answer that question."

"So they're just Isaac and Ian for now?"

"Yes."



"Understood." William nodded his head.

Everyone had their secrets and it would be wrong of him to pry. Since Est and him were now officially friends, he decided to ignore Ian's rudeness for the time being.

"Very well, I have decided!" Est looked at William with determination. "I will escort you back to Lont."

"Eh? Escort me back?" William tilted his head in confusion. "Why?"

"Because it will be dangerous for you to travel alone," Est replied. "Since you can't use your magic power, I will ensure your safety."

William could tell that Est was dead serious when he said that he wanted to escort him back to Lont. For a brief moment, he thought about rejecting his offer. However, the strong grip on his hand made him feel that Est wouldn't take no for an answer.

"Thank you," William said with a smile. "We don't have any fancy food in Lont. However, if you don't mind eating porridge, and drinking goat milk then I'll be more than happy to become your host for a few days."

"Deal." Est smiled.

The two handsome boys looked at each other with a smile.



"Hey, just how long are the two of you going to hold hands?" Ian asked in annoyance. "Also, red-head boy, are you an exhibitionist? Why are you still not wearing any clothes?"

Est's face reddened as he unconsciously looked on William's body. He wasn't thinking about anything earlier, but Ian's comment made him realize that William still hadn't put any clothes on. 

William, on the other hand, just rolled his eyes as he walked towards his Mama Ella. 'I'm wearing pants okay? Who are you calling an exhibitionist?'

He wanted to say those words, but decided to just let it be. 

'I wonder how Grandpa and the rest will treat my new friends?' William mused as he thought about the loving family that was waiting for him back in Lont.


Chapter 78

"We're almost there," William said as he gazed at the familiar scenery in front of him. 

"Meeeeeeeh!"

"Meeeeeeeh!"

"Meeeeeeeh!"

"Meeeeeeeh!"

The goats bleated in excitement as they saw the familiar town in the distance. They had lived in Lont for many years, and this was the first time that they had been away far from home. Some of them were already feeling homesick from their long travel.

Est, Ian, Isaac, Herman, and Nana froze in shock when they saw the Golden Ape (Oroubro) seated near the entrance of Lont. They could see some kids climbing its arms, while others were playing tag near its feet. 

"I-Is that the Oroubro that was taken from the battlefield?" Est stuttered. 

Although he had already heard from Nana that William's grandfather and his comrades managed to capture three Millennial Beasts from the battle on Windkeep Citadel, this was the first time he had seen something that was almost as big as the Cyclops that they had fought in the trial of courage.

"Yes," William answered. "He is the newly appointed guardian of Lont. His name is Lufie the Monkey."



"Lufie the Monkey…" Herman gulped. "Such a domineering name."

"I know, right?" William had raised his chin in an arrogant manner. 

"Why are you acting like you're the one who owns it?" Ian scoffed. "What a pretentious brat you are."

"Mama Ella did you hear someone talk?" William asked.

Ella shook her head.

"It must be one of those ghosts known as attention seekers." William sighed in an exaggerated manner. "Tsk, just because I am handsome they decided to haunt me? Well, I don't mind if that attention seeker is a beauty. However, if it's just a snot-nosed pansy then he could just roll over and suck an egg." 

"Who are you calling a snot-nosed pansy?!" Ian asked.

William turned his head to look at the enraged boy sitting on the carriage. "Why are you reacting? Are you a snot-nosed pansy? Tsk, no wonder you're always irate. It must be nice having a period 24 hours a day, 7 days a week."

"Y-You!" Ian was about to jump off the carriage and beat William to a pulp when Isaac held on to him with all the strength he could muster.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"Ian, behave yourself," Est ordered. 

"Hmp!" Ian averted his gaze in anger.

As the group neared the entrance of Lont, some of the kids waved and called out to William.

"You sure are popular," Est said with a smile.

William nodded his head. "I don't want to brag, but I'm the most handsome boy in Lont. It's only natural that I became popular."

After traveling with William for a few days, the group had grown accustomed to his narcissism. They often wondered where he was getting his confidence from. Of course, they had to admit that William was indeed very handsome. 

This was one of the advantages of being a Half-Elf. Although Half-Elves were shunned by the Elven Race for being not pure blooded, no one could deny that the Elven genes made the Half-Elves very pleasing to the eyes.

"William! Oi! William!" Theo shouted as he ran towards his good friend. "You arrived at the right time! Your family has guests over and, from what I've heard, they came here to see you."

"Guests that came to see me?" William pondered. The images of his previous guests appeared in his mind. 'It couldn't possibly be them again, right?'



William remembered Agatha, the mother of his ex-fiance, Rebecca. If this was a week ago, William would definitely be thinking of finding a way to ask them to show him more rare weapons so he could unlock a few Job Classes.

It was quite unfortunate that he was not in the mood to acquire any more Job Classes because he was unable to use them at this point in time. 

"Did you recognize them?" William asked. "Do they look like the guests that came to visit last time?"

"I didn't see their faces, but the carriage looks familiar."

"A carriage pulled by a Gryphon?"

"Yes! But, this time, there are three Gryphons!"

"Three?" William felt his liver start to itch. 'This time they called for reinforcements? Do these nobles think that I'm so easy to bully?'

William's expression clouded over. He was regretting the fact that he couldn't use his powers at this moment. If he still had his powers, he would definitely curse their guests until they ran away screaming to whence they came!

"Did we come in a bad time?" Est asked. 



"No." William looked at Est and smiled. "All of you are guests. The ones that arrived are pests. Let me kick them out so I can give you a tour of Lont."

William and his entourage entered Lont and headed straight towards the Ainsworth Estate. Just like what Theo said, he saw three Gryphons loitering outside of his home. 

"That is the crest of the Duke of Griffith," Herman said as he recognized the coat of arms on the carriage doors. 'Why is a bigshot here in this town of Lont?'

"Duke of Griffith, if I remember correctly, that is the house that gave birth to the genius girl who specializes in Ice Magic," Nana commented. "Is your family acquainted with them, William?"

"Well, that genius girl you spoke of, Lady Nana, is my Ex-Fiance," William replied in a casual manner.

"Fiance?!" Est's expression became serious when he heard that William had a fiance. He felt a pang of pain in his heart, but he doesn't understand why he was feeling this way.

Isaac's and Ian's eyes widened when they heard William's answer. They were trained to read the body language of people and they could tell that William wasn't lying.

"You said Ex-Fiance?" Herman asked. "Why? Are the two of you not betrothed to each other anymore?"

"I canceled the marriage agreement," William answered like it was not a big deal. "Although my Ex-Fiance, Rebecca, is very cute, her mother and her Master have the bloodline of Mandrakes."



"Mandrakes?" Est frowned. 

The mandrake was a spiritual plant that was used in alchemy and medicine. However, these plants were quite annoying to get because, when you touch them, they will emit a scream that is strong enough to shatter a person's eardrums. 

Herman, Nana, Isaac, and Ian immediately understood what William was hinting at. Just like ladies looking for juicy gossip, the peanut gallery was looking forward to seeing what kind of drama was going to unfold at the Ainsworth Residence.

After Herman parked the carriage at the stables, William ordered the goats--aside from Ella--to go to the goat pen. The goats happily bleated in reply and went to their old home with excitement. They were very tired from their journey and wanted to rest in a familiar place. William watched them go with a smile on his face before leading his guests towards the main entrance of their residence.

"My handsome and awesome Grandpa, I'm back!" William announced his arrival. 

"Welcome back my handsome grandson," James welcomed William with open arms. "You've only been a way for a few days, but you've become more handsome. Tell me, what kind of sorcery is this?"

"It can't be helped," William raised his chin in arrogance. "I was fated to be handsome the day I was born with your bloodline."

"Hahaha!" James roared in laughter as he patted William's shoulder. "Being handsome is a sin. This is the sin that both of us carry."

"No matter how heavy this sin is, I, William, will carry it until I breathe my last breath!"



"Spoken like a true Ainsworth."

Isaac walked beside Est and whispered in his ear. "Young Master, Now we know where William inherited his narcissism."

Est nodded his head in agreement. This was the first time he saw an old man act like this in public.

"Oh? Is that the grandson that you've been bragging about as of late?" a booming voice asked from behind James. "Not bad. At least he is not lacking when it comes to good looks."

James smiled as he introduced his friend to his grandson.

"Wiliam, this old bastard is a close friend of mine," James introduced his friend with a smirk. "Lawrence Fox Griffith, the old Duke of the Duchy of Griffith."


Chapter 79

Surprisingly, James didn't lead William and his guest to the living room. Instead, he guided them to the garden that was outside the residence.

Large tables laid out with delicious dishes had been placed all over the garden. William saw familiar faces, namely, Rebecca, Agatha, and Eleanor. There were also several children that were around his age loitering around Rebecca's table.

They were all wearing the same light blue clothes with an insignia of a snowflake embedded on its chest. 

'I guess they are the kids from the Misty Sect and Rebecca's fellow disciples," William thought. 

Among the kids who were seated near his "Ex-Fiance", there was a certain boy that stood out. He had blonde hair, gray eyes, and a face that would make all the girls scream "Kyaah! Kyaah!" the moment they saw him. He was practically oozing with the 'I'm a pretty boy vibe'.

Unfortunately, William was more handsome than him. Even Rebecca's fellow female disciples looked at William with keen interest. 

William ignored the gazes of the little lolis and focused his attention on the blondie that was seated beside his Ex-Fiance. 

'This person might be that "dependable senior brother" that is too common in cultivation stories,' William eyed the first male antagonist he had encountered in his lifetime. 'According to the script in the novels, he would challenge me in order to formally break our marriage agreement. That way, he would be able to score some brownie points with Rebecca's mother and master.'

William sneered in his heart. If he hadn't temporarily lost his magic powers, he would have easily wiped the floor with the handsome boy's face. Sadly, he was now at his weakest point and couldn't use his trump cards.

James led William and his guests to another table that was also laid out with delicious dishes. Messengers had arrived at the residence beforehand to announce William's arrival. Because of this, the maids hurriedly added another table into the garden and prepared the food for their Young Master's arrival.



"So, your name is Est?" James asked. "You have good eyes."

"T-Thank you?" Est answered in confusion. 

He didn't know why James said that "he had good eyes", but he could tell that William's grandpa didn't say it in a casual manner. Of course, he didn't understand what the old man was hinting at.

"Let's talk more later." James smiled. "I'm very interested in the friends that William has made during his trip to the Holy Temple."

Est smiled and nodded his head. He was also curious to know more about William's grandfather. 

As soon as William and his guests sat on the chairs provided to them, the drama finally started.

"Old James, since your grandson is here it's time to get right down to business," Lawrence said with a smile on his face. He then faced William and told him the reason for his visit.

"Young man, I would like to apologize for the actions of my Daughter in law. She shouldn't have made things difficult for you and forced you to break the marriage agreement that your grandfather and I had agreed on," Lawrence stated. "The reason why I'm here right now is to mediate and fix this misunderstanding."

"Father!" Agatha shouted. "That boy is not worthy of your granddaughter! He is just a dirty shepherd!"

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

Est frowned when he heard the Duchess' rude remarks. Even Ian who, was always at odds with William, had the same reaction as Est. For some reason, he didn't like it when other people insulted William.

"Sir Griffith, I also believe that my disciple deserves someone better," Eleanor said from the side. "Rebecca is a genius. She only deserves the best that also goes for her future husband."

Surprisingly, James didn't say anything and just sipped his tea in peace. If this was in the past, he would have already raised a ruckus to defend his grandson's honor. He believed that his grandson would have no problems getting many beautiful wives even without his help. 

Since that was the case, why would he bother with this petty marriage agreement?

Lawrence listened to Agatha's and Eleanor's words with a calm expression. He didn't rebuke them and allowed them to say their thoughts out loud. He was observing James' and William's expressions to understand their thoughts about the matter.

Seeing that both of them were not reacting to the "subtle insult" raised by the two women, Lawrence felt that something was wrong. He then decided to test the waters and asked the red-head boy a question.

"They say that you are not worthy of my granddaughter. How do you feel about that?" Lawrence asked.

William grinned as he answered Lawrence's question. "Sir Lawrence, do you think that someone as handsome as me would find it hard to find a beautiful wife as my companion?"

"No," Lawrence answered. 



William nodded his head like a scholar. "I don't want to brag, but aside from my Grandfather, no one in the Southern Continent is more handsome than me. Since that is the case, why would I limit myself to marrying your granddaughter? Don't you think that this is being unfair to my handsome looks?"

"Bravo!" James clapped his hands. "As expected of my grandson."

Eleanor's and Agatha's face contorted in disgust. They had already experienced how shameless William was, but it seemed that he had become more arrogant since the last time they had met.

"So are you saying that my granddaughter is not good enough?" Lawrence asked. His voice was laced with amusement. 

"You should ask her that question," William replied. "Is she good enough for me? Personally, I think not."

Rebecca, who was quietly listening from the side, raised an eyebrow at William's words. "What makes you think that you are good enough for me? If not for grandfather's insistence I wouldn't even bother coming here."

At first, she was planning to stay out of this mess, but William's words annoyed her. She was the genius that was born once every two hundred years. Although she wasn't interested in William, this was the first time that someone told her that she wasn't good enough at something.

"Then why don't you go?" William casually waved his hand as if to shoo away a pest. "So what if you're a genius? Even geniuses need to poop, or are you going to tell me that you don't poop at all?"

Everyone that was currently eating at that moment glared at William. Even James who was drinking his tea spat it out on the ground. 



"Such crude words!"

"Don't you have any sense of delicacy!"

"As expected of a country bumpkin, truly lacking in manners!"

The disciples of the Misty Sect berated William, but the red-headed boy paid them no mind. In his eyes, the sooner these pests left, the better.

Rebecca's face became beet red. There was no way that she could retort to William's question. Was there any human that didn't need to poop? If there was, could they still be considered human?

Lawrence frowned. From what he could see, William really had no interest in his granddaughter. A part of him wanted to spank the boy silly, while the other part of him looked at the boy in a new light. 

'The bastard James is not reacting as well,' Lawrence thought. 'Are they hiding something from me?'

The one who initiated the matchmaking was James. Lawrence knew his personality so it was impossible for James to renege on something that he had started. Naturally, this mess happened because his daughter in law took the opportunity while he was away to cancel the marriage agreement.

Even so, he didn't believe that James would just sit idly by and let someone trample on the agreement that had been put in place because of his proposal. 



Est who was watching from the side secretly felt happy. He didn't understand why he felt happy, but he was feeling giddy watching William's arrogant performance.

"You, peasant. How dare you tarnish the honor of my junior disciple?!" The handsome blondie stood up from his seat. "I will only ask you one question. Are you going to free Rebecca from the marriage agreement or not?"

"Hah? Did a donkey kick your head?" William asked in disdain. "Didn't I make it clear that I'm not interested in her? If you like, you can have her. I can tell from a glance that both of you are a perfect match for each other."

"Really?" The blondie asked. "Do you really think that we're a good match?"

The blondie gave Rebecca a side-long glance as he waited for William's answer. 

"Definitely." William nodded his head. "A match made in heaven. May the two of you live a happy life together."

"Hmp! At least you know your place." The blondie accepted William's words as if it was the most natural thing to do. He then sat down in a good mood.

From the first time he saw Rebecca, he had already decided that she would be his lover. Not only was she beautiful, she was also a daughter of a Duke. With beauty, riches, and influence on her side, she was the ideal candidate to become his wife and raise his rank within his family.


Chapter 80

"Lawrence, it's not like I'm against your granddaughter marrying my grandson," James said after the quarrel had quieted down. "It's just that your daughter-in-law thinks too highly of herself. Even though we're dirt poor, we won't allow our dignities to be trampled upon by other people."

"So, you, also, want to cancel this agreement?" Lawrence asked. "Be honest, old man."

"Who doesn't want to have a genius daughter-in-law marrying into the family?" James answered. "It's just that your family thinks differently from you."

Lawrence sighed. He also thought that his son and daughter-in-law had become too pretentious after giving birth to Rebecca. After his granddaughter's talent was confirmed, Agatha acted like a queen and looked down on people a lot.

His son, on the other hand, saw this as a chance to form strong connections with his peers. He was even thinking about using Rebecca as a bargaining chip to foster powerful alliances with other Ducal families.

The handsome blondie was the third son of the neighboring Duchy of Rhodes. Agatha was thinking that he would be a good partner for her daughter. Of course, he was only one of the candidates in Agatha's mind.

As an ambitious woman, she was also interested in presenting Rebecca as a wife candidate to the crown prince of the Hellan Kingdom. Naturally, her options were, also, not restricted within the boundaries of the kingdom.

Marrying a prince from another kingdom was also one of the options that she had planned for her daughter.

Lawrence had a good look at William and felt that the boy was very pleasing to the eyes. The Old Duke of Griffith was a powerful Archmage. He had already subtly used a diagnostic scan on William's body to see if he was capable of using magic.

Unfortunately, the result he got was quite disappointing. Not only did the boy not have any magical affinities, he was also completely devoid of mana! What did this mean? It meant that William had no future in becoming a magician.



Magicians were highly regarded in the Southern Continent. One magician was born out of every five thousand children. However, not all magicians were born with High-Grade Talent. His granddaughter, Rebecca, was born with a Perfect-Grade Talent, so the Hellan Kingdom decided to cultivate her properly.

This meant that all available resources to help her advance her rank would be given to her unconditionally.

Lawrence wanted his granddaughter to be happy. He was also very worried about her future, so when his old friend, James, asked him to matchmake their grandkids, he immediately agreed.

He had known James for a long time. With that said, he approved of William's background. However, since it had already come to this, he could only think of a way to delay the dissolution of the marriage agreement.

"Rebecca, come here," Lawrence ordered.

Rebecca stood up from her chair and walked obediently towards her grandpa. In their family, Lawrence spoiled her the most and he was also an archmage. Naturally, Rebecca would listen to her grandfather more so than her own parents.

"William, please, come here as well," Lawrence made a gesture for William to stand beside Rebecca.

William frowned, but after seeing James's expression, he reluctantly stood up from the seat and stood beside his Ex-Fiance.

"Both of you are still young," Lawrence said with a smile. "No one knows what the future will hold. Although the two of you might not get along now, that might change in a few years."

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

Lawrence paused and glanced at her granddaughter.

"Rebecca, what are the qualities you like to see in your future husband?"

"Grandfather, I think It's too early for me to answer this question."

"Indeed, you are still too young. But, humor me. Tell me the qualities that you want your husband to have."

"Well," Rebecca gave William a sidelong glance, while the latter crossed his arms over his chest and raised his chin in an arrogant manner.

"First, he must be stronger than me," Rebecca stated.

"This is acceptable," Lawrence agreed. Naturally if he were to choose a partner for his granddaughter, it should be someone strong so that he could protect her.

"Second, he must be good looking."

"Right."



William casually flipped his hair to the side. Clearly, he was confident in his looks.

"Third, he must be someone with ambition. I don't like mediocrity." Rebecca added.

"Is that all?" James asked.

"There is one last condition," Rebecca said. "He must be in a position of power."

"Hmm…" Lawrence glanced at the red-headed boy who was currently looking at his fingernails. "How about you William? What are you looking for in a wife?"

James, Est, Ian, and Rebecca secretly perked up their ears to listen to William's answer.

"First, she must be Cup C," William stated in an arrogant manner. "I will not accept anything smaller than that."

"Second, she must have a good head on her shoulders."

"Third, she must be loyal."



"Lastly, she must be a beauty that can bring the downfall of a nation. Only this kind of lady is deserving of my love and affection."

Est and Ian looked down at their chests and grimaced. Both of them were currently boys, and it was impossible for them to meet William's first requirement. Est had a distraught look on his face, while Ian's was wondering why he was feeling that he needed to match William's requirement.

'It's not like I'm interested in him or anything,' Ian thought. 'Why am I feeling bothered like this?'

Lawrence lightly coughed as he gazed at his old friend who was chuckling by his side. James didn't say anything but gave two thumbs up to William in his heart. He was impressed by his grandson's "high requirements" and it put him at ease.

The old man was even looking forward to seeing William's children a few years from now.

"It's good to have ambition," Lawrence said after he cleared his throat. "Then how about this? Seven years from now, the two of you will have a duel. Until then, the talk about breaking this marriage agreement will be put on hold.

The winner can demand anything from the loser. Also, I will not take no for an answer. If you want to break up then break up after you have fought against each other!"

William looked at Lawrence with a dumbfounded expression. 'How barbaric! Why must we fight each other just to break this marriage agreement? Can't we just talk things out like civilized normal people?'

"It will be as you wish, grandfather," Rebecca answered. She then glanced at the boy standing next to her. "Seven years from now, we will have our battle at the Peak of the Misty Sect. Until then, do your best to become stronger."

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

Rebecca returned to her seat after voicing her opinion. William, also, returned to his seat. He had a complicated look on his face, which made Est and the rest wonder what he was thinking.

'This Lawrence is indeed an old fox,' William thought. 'Why is he persistent in matching his granddaughter with me? Is he after my good genes? I need to be more careful when dealing with this person.'

If Lawrence only knew what William was thinking he would have kicked his bum with all of his might.

There were two reasons why Lawrence imposed a duel between the two of them. The first one was to prevent others from approaching his granddaughter and using her as a political tool.

This was something that he didn't want to see. The second reason was to give pressure to Rebecca so that she wouldn't become lax in her training. He didn't really care whether William would become his son-in-law or not. What was important to him was to keep his connection with the Ainsworth family and not break their good relationship.

James also understood what Lawrence was scheming, but he wasn't too concerned about it. After all, he was the one who initiated this marriage agreement.

"I don't agree to this condition," the blondie stood up from his chair. "Why wait seven years? I, Kingsley Rhodes, challenge William Von Ainsworth to a duel. Do you dare to accept my challenge?"


Chapter 81

The air stilled after Kingsley made his challenge. Everyone looked at William and waited for his answer.

William sneered in his heart because he had already anticipated this outcome. His years of reading novels didn't amount to nothing! Naturally, he also knew how to downplay this challenge, so he went along that route. 

"Why should I fight you?" William snorted. "I don't have any reason to accept your challenge."

"So, you admit that you are a coward?" Kingsley asked in disdain. "I guess the only thing you have going for you is your face."

"Are you jealous of my face?" William asked back. "It's not my fault that I am more handsome than you. If you want to complain, complain to your parents for not being good looking enough!"

William's words made everyone's teeth itch. It was a very blatant provocation, but it was super effective. 

Kingsley's face contorted in rage, but that only lasted for a brief moment. He then collected himself and ridiculed William. "I didn't expect that a Shepherd like you would, also, be a master of words. Did you learn that from tending to your goats?"

"Thank you for your praise, feel free to praise me more." William raised his chin in arrogance. 

'I'm not praising you!' Kingsley wanted to shout out loud, but reigned in his words. "I guess the Ainsworth family only amounts to this much. A family of cowards."

'Hah~ what a low blow,' William thought. 'I knew he was going to bring this up. I guess I'll follow the script for now and accept his challenge.'

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

"Since you are so persistent then I guess I have no choice but to accept this challenge," William said with a serious expression. 

"Good." Kingsley narrowed his eyes. "I've been longing to see the ability of the man who was paired up with junior sister."

"Prepare to be disappointed." William summoned his wooden staff. "I'm currently not in my peak condition."

"Heh, we haven't even started our duel and you're already making up an excuse?" Kingsley sneered. "Well, I have to admire your strategy. This way, even if you lose, you won't look too bad in front of everyone."

James stood up and clapped his hands. "If the two of you are going to fight, let's change locations." He then turned around and walked towards the training field that was a hundred meters away from the garden.

William and Kingsley followed behind him. 

The rest of the peanut gallery also followed suit. They were very curious about what kind of ability William possessed. Est, and his entourage, on the other hand, were feeling a bit anxious. They knew that William wasn't lying when he said that he wasn't in his peak condition.

They had heard of the name Kingsley before. Just like Rebecca, the boy was considered as one of the prodigies of the Kingdom. He was a magic swordsman, and Kingsley was quite proficient with both sword and magic.

William wasn't able to use his magic right now, so he was at a disadvantage. 



The two combatants stood ten meters away from each other. William was holding his wooden staff, while Kingsley held a wooden sword.

This was a friendly duel so Eleanor didn't permit Kingsley to use his magic sword to fight William. She also didn't want to provoke James, because the old man might do something reckless if William got seriously hurt.

Rebecca stood beside Lawrence. She had a calm expression on her face, but her eyes were looking at William with anticipation. Since Kingsley was in the same sect as her, she was well aware of his fighting abilities. She was very curious about how a shepherd boy would be able to match a prodigy of the Misty Sect.

"None of you are allowed to hit each other in the face," James said. "The battle will end if one of you surrenders or is unable to continue to battle. This is a friendly match so fatal blows are not allowed, do I make myself clear?"

"Yes."

"Understood."

James nodded his head and raised his hand. "Fight!"

As soon as the signal was given, Kingsley activated his movement technique "Misty Steps". It was the trademark of the Misty Sect and was hailed as one of the fastest movement arts in the Southern Continent.

The disciples of the Misty Sect cheered when they saw their "senior brother" display their sect's special move. 



Kingsley moved like a blur and appeared two meters in front of William. He then lowered his body and slashed forward.

"First Phase, Phoenix Strike!"

Kingsley was confident that this single strike would be enough to end the duel. Frankly, he felt that it was beneath him to get serious fighting against a Shepherd who tended sheep and goats. If not for his plan to leave a good impression on his junior sister's family, he wouldn't even bother to challenge William to a duel.

The deadly strike was aimed at William's shoulder with the intention of breaking his bones. Although he couldn't deliver a lethal strike to his rival, there was no rule that said that he couldn't cripple his opponent.

A loud clap reverberated in the air as the two wooden weapons clashed against each other. William was unable to follow Kingsley's movement, but his passive skill, Parry, activated automatically. 

< Parry 10 / 10 >

(Passive)

-- Increase the chances of parrying an attack by 30%.

Requirement: Only works for staff, spear, and pole-type weapons



Although William couldn't use any offensive skills, his passive skills were still in effect. Right after William parried the blow, he immediately used his staff to counter-attack. Although Kingsley was surprised that his attack was blocked, he was still a prodigy and managed to jump back to avoid William's strike.

The short exchange silenced the crowd, and their gazes became serious. Kingsley also took a proper stance as he prepared for his next attack. 

After taking another step forward, Kingsley disappeared from William's sight and appeared behind the red-head boy.

"Second Phase, Phoenix Crossing!"

Kingsley unleashed two consecutive slashes at high speed to form a cross. William's battle instinct, that had been honed in the Goblin Crypt, kicked in as he immediately used his staff to receive the blow.

With a loud shout, William swung his wooden staff behind him. A few seconds later, William skidded backwards as the power of the Phoenix Crossing passed through his staff's defenses. 

William was somehow able to block the first strike, but the second strike connected with his right chest. A searing pain wracked his senses, but he forced himself to pretend that it didn't hurt him much.

'Good thing, It didn't break my ribs,' William thought as he stood his ground. 'That really hurt!'

Kingsley's expression became more serious when he saw William's calm expression. He clearly felt that one of his blows connected, but the latter was acting as if nothing had happened. 



Both combatants glared at each other as they prepared for their next clash.


Chapter 82

Soon the two engaged in close quarter combat. 

Kingsley's movement and attacks were graceful and deadly. Clearly, his technique had reached a high level, while William had no technique at all. His battle style was crude and all over the place. 

One could easily tell the disparity between the two boys. The members of the Misty Sect started cheering as they saw their senior brother getting the upper hand. 

Kingsley executed another killer move that was aimed at William's leg. However, the Parry Skill activated and blocked his attack. 

William's strategy was simple. He would hold his ground and defend. If the Parry Skill activated, he would immediately follow up with a counter-attack. Although Kingsley was fast, Ella was faster when she used her Quick Attack. 

William was gradually able to follow his opponent's movements and block him at every turn. His Strength stat allowed him to threaten Kingsley from time to time with a powerful blow. The only problem was that none of these blows connected.

After their initial clash, Kingsley discovered that William was a level stronger than him, so he didn't dare to receive his blows and focused on dodging them. 

William's Dexterity and Agility Stat coupled with the Parry Skill gave him the ability to swiftly block his opponent's attacks which led to their current situation.

The bruises on William's body were piling up because there were times when Kingsley's sharp attacks grazed him. 

'I relied too much on magic and didn't focus on my foundations.' William regretted that he hadn't paid any attention to learning any martial arts. He knew that it was only a matter of time before he got defeated. 



What William didn't know was that Kingsley was starting to feel anxious. His confidence at the beginning was being chipped away by William's uncanny ability to block his deadly strikes.

'This can't go on!' Kingsley thought. 'I will have to resort to that…'

Kingsley took a deep breath as he charged towards William for the umpteenth time. 

"First Phase, Phoenix Strike!"

William's staff moved automatically as the Parry Skill activated.

However, instead of backing away like he always did, Kingsley actually took a step forward as the wooden staff and sword collided against each other. 

"Ice Bullet!" Kingsley muttered as he fired an Ice Bullet at point blank range.

William's eyes widened because he didn't expect Kingsley to use magic. Eleanor had already mentioned that he wasn't allowed to use his magic in this duel, but Kingsley still used it!

The concentrated bullet that was as large as a baseball ball connected squarely with William's chest.



William felt that he was hit by a bowling ball that was thrown at full power. The impact took his breath away, which created an opening for Kingsley to unleash a powerful move. 

"Second Phase, Phoenix Crossing!"

A loud cracking sound was heard as Kingsley's attack connected with William's chest. 

The red-head boy spat a mouthful of blood as he was blown off his feet. Est covered his mouth as he watched William's body crash heavily on the ground.

Kingsley stepped forward to deliver another strike at the fallen boy. He was determined to cripple William and make sure that he wouldn't even think about challenging Rebecca in the future. 

It was at that moment when he saw a white blur appear in front of his eyes.

"Meeeeeeh!"

Ella transformed into an Angorian War Ibex and blocked Kingsley's path. Her horns and hooves shone in a blue light and her bloodshot eyes stared at the boy as if she was looking at something that was about to die. 

Kingsley's body uncontrollably shuddered the moment he laid his eyes on the beast in front of him. For the first time in his life, he felt the hands of death had firmly wrapped around his body, and had no intention of letting go. 



His breathing became heavy as his instinct screamed for him to run away.

However, there was no time to run away. Ella didn't give him that opportunity. With a shout of fury, Ella activated her Quick Attack. The only thing in her mind was to kill this boy who tried to hurt his baby.

As the horns of death were about to impale the pitiful boy, James finally made his move. 

He casually grabbed the boy's collar and tossed him to the side. He then used his free hand to grab Ella's horn and held her in place.

"Let's end it here, Ella," James said as he held the furious goat at bay. "What is more important? Killing that brat or taking William to Owen's place?"

Reason finally returned to the furious goat as she stopped her charge. Ella gave James an annoyed look, and the latter let go of her horn. 

"Helen, I'll leave William in your care," James ordered.

"Yes, Sir," Helen wrapped her threads around William and gently lifted him off the ground. Ella nudged her to hurry, and the maid of the Ainsworth Family mounted the War Ibex's back. 

As soon as Helen was firmly secured on her back, Ella immediately sprinted towards the house of the Life Magus. She decided to have her baby healed first before she returned to dispose of the brat that dared to harm William. 



Everyone watched the War Ibex go with various expressions on their faces. Eleanor was checking Kingsley for injuries. She was responsible for the safety of the children, and Ella's sudden appearance gave her a scare.

If not for James' timely assistance, the prodigy of the Misty Sect would have been impaled by the War Ibex, and died a dog's death in a small town in the countryside. 

"Since when did you raise a War Ibex?" Lawrence asked James who was looking in the direction of Owen's house. 

"War Ibex?" James answered with a sidelong glance. "What War Ibex? I don't know what you're talking about."

"Hoh~" Lawrence smiled in understanding. 

James sighed as he patted the shoulder of his good friend. "It would be best if you take that boy away from Lont. I'm afraid that Ella will immediately attempt to kill him again once she returns."

"Fine," Lawrence agreed. "I'll come back at a later time to talk more about your grandson."

"Just make sure that you don't bring uninvited pests with you next time." James snorted. "I almost lost control and squashed that boy's head."

"Adults shouldn't interfere in the affairs of the young generation. This is the unwritten rule in our world, no?"

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"It's fine if no one sees." James smiled. "Although this rule exists, you and I know that there are plenty of loopholes that people use to bypass this rule."

"True." Lawrence admitted. He then looked at the members of the Misty Sect and gave out an order. "Return to the carriages in an orderly manner. We will be departing soon."

Although he wanted to know more about William and the War Ibex, Lawrence knew that now was not the time for it. He could only endure his curiosity as he led his entourage to where their carriages were waiting for them. 

"So, what do you think?" Lawrence asked his granddaughter who was seated beside him in the carriage.

They had just left Lont five minutes ago and were currently returning to their duties of surveying the destruction caused by the Beast Tide.

"He lacks grace," Rebecca answered. 

"That's it? He lacks grace?" Lawrence had a smile on his face as he looked at his beloved granddaughter.

"Grandpa, I don't know what you're thinking, but I don't like him," Rebecca pouted. "I have no intention of marrying him."

Lawrence chuckled but didn't say anything else. He was already looking forward to the duel that would happen seven years in the future.




Chapter 83

Owen's treatment ended quickly and the injury that William received was healed completely. Even so, the Life Magus advised the red-headed boy to take it easy for the time being and to avoid doing any strenuous activities.

"I got too complacent," William muttered as he unconsciously rubbed his chest. Although he didn't expect that Kingsley would use magic in their duel, he should have considered this possibility.

His opponent was a Magic Swordsman. Someone who could wield both sword and magic. William understood that the main reason why Kingsley didn't use magic earlier in their duel was due to his pride.

Because of this, William thought that his opponent would only use martial skills and not resort to using his Ice Magic.

"Young Master, I hope you learned something from this lesson," Helen said as she walked beside Ella who was currently carrying William on her back.

"I did, Aunt Helen." William sighed. "I learned a very painful lesson."

"It's good that you learned this lesson early, Young Master," Helen patted William's leg. "If that happened in a real battle then you would have lost your life."

'Perhaps losing my magic was a blessing in disguise.' William sighed for the second time. 'It made me realize how lacking I truly was. I better properly build my foundations and learn some martial arts.'

"Meeeeeeeeh."

"You're right, Mama. I will strive to be stronger."



"Meeeeeh."

Meanwhile back at the Ainsworth Residence…

"If not for William, Lont might have suffered the same fate as the other villages and towns in the Western Region," James said with a smile. "You should have seen how amazing he was when he fought against the Strathmore Thunder Horned Wolf."

James bragged about William's amazing feats to his guest while he was getting his treatment. He was not worried about his grandson's injury because Owen was the best healer he knew. Even though William broke a few of his ribs during the duel, it was not a life threatening injury.

As long as he still had breath in him, Owen could easily patch him up and make him as good as new.

Est listened to James' story with interest. After the old man finished his tale, it was the young man's turn to tell the Lord of Lont how William saved his life from the Mountain Troll. Est also told James about William's sacrifice in the trial of courage.

"If he could still use his magic, that disciple from the Misty Sect wouldn't have been able to even touch a strand of his hair," Est commented with a wry smile.

"I see…" James frowned. "So that's the reason why he seems different compared to the time he left the residence. He lost his magic power."

"I'm sorry, it was my fault that William ended up that way." Est lowered his head in shame. "Because I was too weak, he had to use a Forbidden Spell in order to give us a chance of winning."



"Est, you don't have to worry about William." James commented with a smile. "That boy is always doing something dangerous. Perhaps, this incident will help bring him down a peg and make him less reckless. Sometimes, I worry about him because he is getting stronger at a very fast rate."

"Isn't getting strong a good thing?" Est asked.

"Of course, getting stronger is a good thing." James agreed. "But, getting strong using a shortcut will lead to instability. William should start training from the basics. Since he is my grandson, I believe that he also realized this point."

James paused and looked at Est with praise. "Unlike my stupid grandson, I can tell that you are someone who trained at a very young age. Your surname is Newmont, correct?"

"... Yes," Est replied. He wanted to tell James his full name, but he resisted the urge to do so. There were some things that he was unable to share with other people.

"If I'm not mistaken, that is the surname of a noble that came from the Kingdom of Valeria," James gave Est an appraising look. "Did you perhaps come from Valeria?"

"... My mother came from Valeria," Est replied. "Right now, I'm living in the Hellan Kingdom."

James nodded and decided to not pry any further. "Still, you guys actually defeated a Terrorhand? That's simply amazing. If news of this gets out, you will definitely be treated in high regard by the Royal Family."

"I-I don't need such treatment," Est stuttered. "Lord Ainsworth, please, don't tell anyone about this."



Herman who was standing behind Est bowed his head, "I also ask Lord Ainsowrth to not tell anyone about this. The Young Master is someone who doesn't like being in the limelight."

James gave Est a knowing glance and nodded his head in acknowledgement. He was about to talk about William's embarrassing moments during his childhood when he felt his grandson's presence near the residence.

"Gramps, I'm back!" William walked inside the living room with a smile.

"Welcome back, how is your injury?" James asked.

"Already healed, but I'm not allowed to do anything strenuous for a few days," William answered as he sat beside his grandpa.

Ella laid on the floor beside William and rested her head on her baby's lap. William lovingly brushed her head, while his Mama closed her eyes in satisfaction.

"You two are really close," Est teased. "I've never seen someone treat a goat like you do, William."

"Mama Ella is not an ordinary goat," William corrected her. "She is my Mama. The one who raised me since I was a wee old babe. I've been drinking her milk for as long as I can remember."

"Meeeeeh." Ella bleated as if reminiscing the time she took care of William.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"Ah that reminds me, how long will you be staying in Lont?" William asked. "I still haven't given you a tour of the countryside."

"Well…" Est glanced at Herman and Nana. The truth was, they couldn't stay for long. They already delayed their return to the capital by escorting William back to Lont. Even so, Est didn't want to leave just like this.

"Young Master," Nana gave Est an encouraging smile. "It's fine to be a little selfish. We can stay for two days."

"Thank you, Nana," Est smiled. His smile was so dazzling that, for a moment, William thought that he was actually very beautiful and not handsome. Of course, this thought only lasted for a brief moment.

"Since all of you are William's friends then you will be treated as honored guests. Helen, please prepare the guest rooms for Est and his entourage," James ordered.

"By your will," Helen respectfully bowed her head and left the living room to attend to James' order.

While waiting for their rooms to be prepared, James continued to tell stories about William's childhood. At first, the stories were about William's amazing feats in Lont. However, that didn't last long and James started to tell William's embarrassing moments.

The red-headed boy pleaded to his grandfather to stop embarrassing him in front of the guests, but James didn't care about his feelings. Because of this, Est and Ian continuously teased the pitiful boy until William ran out of the living room out of embarrassment, followed by his Mama Ella, who was hot in his heels.


Chapter 84

Est and Ian stared at the beautiful woman in front of them as if they had met their nemesis.

Celine, William's Master, was lying on the couch in a lazy manner. Her dress, although conservative, wasn't able to hide the wonderful curves of her body. The two boys stared at them and felt their confidence suffer a major blow.

"So, you are William's new friends," Celine said in a teasing manner. "I'm surprised that my disciple managed to make friends and even brought them back here in Lont. Oh, where are my manners? Allow me to introduce myself. I am William's master, you may call me Miss or Lady Celine."

When William arrived in Lont, Celine had watched him from afar using her crystal ball. She didn't come to see him right away because he was with guests. During the battle, Celine noticed right away that the red-headed boy was unable to use magic.

Since she was the one that taught William the forbidden spell, she was able to connect the dots easily. When William got injured, she almost used a long range curse to cripple the Kingsley boy for life.

However, she resisted the urge because she knew that Owen would be able to patch William up without any problems. After the Ainsworth family had dinner, she sent Oliver, the Parrot Monkey, to pass his message to William.

Her message was simple.

"Stupid Disciple, why didn't you visit your Master to announce your arrival? However, since I'm a kind and understanding lady, I will permit you to spend the night with your family. Even so, I expect you to visit me before noon tomorrow.

Ah, before I forget, make sure to bring your three little guests with you. I would like to have a long talk with them."

When William arrived the next day, Celine chased him away by ordering him to buy some ingredients for lunch. She wanted to know more about William's new friends and check if they had hidden agendas in their decision to visit Lont.



Celine always thought of William as an overly trusting person. So, she took it upon herself to check whether these people bore him ill will.

"It's an honor to meet you, Lady Celine," Est replied with a smile. "If possible, I would like to request that you free him from the slave collar on his neck."

"Oh?" Celine raised an eyebrow. "And why should I do that?"

"Because William is our benefactor and it is the right thing to do," Est replied. "Also, he doesn't deserve to be your slave."

"Est, right? I would like to remind you that whatever I do with my disciple is none of your business."

"A True Master would never enslave their own disciple."

The lady and the boy stared at each other. Neither of them were willing to back down. Even Ian, who was seated beside Est, also, joined his Young Master in glaring at the beautiful woman in front of him.

Est and Ian couldn't accept the fact that William was Celine's slave.

"That's too bad, because I can't remove the slave magic that was placed in the collar," Celine lied with a smile. "Of course, even though I can't remove the slave magic, I can pass it to others. So, who among the three of you would like William to become their exclusive slave?"



Est was taken aback by Celine's words. For a brief moment, he thought about William wearing a butler suit and hand feeding him a plate of grapes.

Ian, on the other hand, imagined that William was fanning him with a feathered fan, while he took his afternoon nap.

Est and Ian wavered, and Celine could easily guess that they didn't dislike the idea of William becoming their slave.

The only one who shook his head was Isaac. For him, William was a good person. He didn't want to treat him as a slave.

"How much?" Est asked. "How much will it take for you to pass the ownership of William's slave magic?"

Ian stared at Celine with a serious expression. His thoughts were quite simple, if William became Est's slave then that also meant that William would become his slave. Since that was the case, it would be best if his Young Master was able to buy William's slave contract from his current Master, Celine.

Celine covered her lips and chuckled. "I was just joking with you. How can I possibly relinquish ownership of a handsome Half-Elf? Also, he is my disciple. How can I possibly surrender him to two boys who still haven't grown their hair? Boys who couldn't even beat a Cyclops on their own."

Est's face reddened and Ian scowled. Both of them were thinking of the same thing.

'I hate this woman.'

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

While the two boys glared at Celine, the door opened and William entered with a smile on his face. Ella followed behind him like a tail. She was William's personal mother and bodyguard in one whole package.

"Master, I bought everything," William announced. "Should I start to cook lunch?"

"Mmm, take the meat of the Golden Scaled Crocodile and make a stew," Celine ordered. "Make sure to put your heart into your cooking. Let your guest have a taste of your culinary skills."

"Understood," William replied. He then glanced at his three friends and gave them a wink. "I don't want to brag, but I'm a good cook. Expect to eat something delicious for lunch."

"I look forward to the dish that you will cook." Est smiled. "I'm very hard to please, so make sure to do our best."

"I'm not picky with food," Isaac commented. "I will eat anything."

"I don't have many expectations, but I'll force myself to eat your cooking," Ian replied. "Just make sure to not add anything funny to the dish or I'll break your bones."

"Hmp! If you were a girl, I'm sure that you would fall head over heels for me after you taste my cooking!" William glared at the irritating boy before he went to the kitchen.

Celine watched this exchange with amusement. The reactions of Est and Ian were clear for her eyes to see. 'These two boys are interesting.'



While Celine was deep in her thoughts, Est decided to ask her another question.

"Why did you teach William Dark Magic?" Est asked. "Do you know that it's the one magic that was banned in the Southern Continent? If people were to see him use it, his life would become miserable."

Celine rolled her eyes at the naive boy who didn't understand what he was talking about. Instead of answering Est's question, she shot back a question of her own.

"Do you know that the first founder of the Hellan Kingdom was a Sovereign of Darkness?" Celine sneered. "If not for Dark Magic then this kingdom would have never come to existence."

"So? What of it?" Est countered. "What happened in the past belongs to the past. Now, Dark Magic is banned from the Southern Continent. Anyone who was caught using it could be sent to prison. Do you want William to suffer such a fate?"

"You don't have to worry about William," Celine replied in a lazy manner. "He won't be staying in the Southern Continent. I will send him to the Central Continent once he comes of age."

"Y-You can't do that!" Est raised his voice. "Why should he leave the Southern Continent?!"

"And why should he stay here?" Celine narrowed her gaze. "You already know that those who practice Dark Magic are not welcome here in the Hellan Kingdom. Since that is the case, the Central Continent is the only place for him to go."

Est felt at a loss, but still decided to refute Celine's words. "He still has Ice Magic. As long as he only uses Ice Magic then no one will know that he also has an affinity for Dark Magic."

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

Celine had confirmed that Est had really taken a liking to William. Even so, William's journey to the Central Continent was inevitable. Just like the sun would rise from the East, the red-headed boy was bound to go to where the major powers of the world diverged.

The corner of the beautiful woman's lips lifted into a smirk. "Why are you acting like you are his wife? I'm very sure that William is a straight person. He only likes girls."

"I don't see anything wrong with William liking girls," Est stated. 

Celine tilted her head as she eyed the handsome boy in front of her. 'Perhaps I'm overthinking things.'

The beautiful lady could tell that Est had a good relationship with William. However, she kept on thinking that something was off. In the end, she decided to ask for Est's opinion about William's fiance, Rebecca.

"Have you seen William's fiance?" Celine inquired. "I've heard that she was a born genius. She must be very pretty, no?"

"She's just so~so," Est replied with a pout.

Est felt uncomfortable whenever he remembered the genius girl that was forced to become William's fiance. Although he could tell that William wasn't interested in Rebecca, the fact still remained that James and Lawrence recognized their arranged marriage.

As long as the 7 year duel agreement existed, the chances of the two of them to really become a couple remained a possibility.




Chapter 85

Meetings and partings were both important cycles of life. 

Two days had passed and it was now time for Est and his entourage to return to the capital of the Hellan Kingdom. William, James, and Ella stood beside their carriage at the Northern Gate of Lont. 

"Thank you for your hospitality," Est said with a sad smile. "I wish I could stay longer, but I have important matters to attend to at the capital."

"Don't be sad," William replied as he held Est's hand. "We're not parting forever. You can send me letters when you get back to the capital. Isn't that why grandpa prepared a messenger hawk for you? Even if it's the capital, the hawk will always find its way back to Lont."

Est nodded his head and faced the Lord of Lont, James, "Thank you for the messenger Hawk, Lord Ainsworth. If I get the opportunity, I will return to visit Lont."

"We will be waiting," James chuckled as he patted Est's shoulder. "You and your entourage are always welcome here in Lont."

"Isaac, take care of Est," William said as he shook Isaac's hand.

"It is my duty to serve the Young Master," Isaac replied. "If you have time, visit us in the capital."

William nodded his head and shook hands with Herman and Nana. He completely ignored Ian, which made the latter look at him in disdain.

Seeing that William was hell bent on ignoring him, Ian decided to take a step back and compliment him. "You are a good cook, the dishes you made were the most delicious foods that I tasted in my life. If you need to find a job, just visit the Young Master's residence in the capital. You will be paid generously to be our chief cook."



"Me? A chief cook? Sorry, but I only want to cook for beautiful girls," William raised his chin arrogantly. "If you were a beautiful girl then I might have considered it. However, since you're not then you can only eat my cooking in your dreams."

"... So, if I was a girl, you would cook for me?" Ian asked.

"IF you were a Beautiful Girl then I will cook for you." William nodded his head. "Why? You plan to change your gender?"

William crossed his arms over his chest and looked at Ian from head to toe. "Well, since you're not half bad looking, maybe you can really become a beauty if you turned into a girl. However, since that's not happening then don't even think about mooching off my cooking."

"How about me?" Est inquired. "Will you cook for me if I asked?"

"Of course," William replied in a heartbeat. "You're my friend, so it's only normal for me to let you have a taste. As for this… snot-nosed pansy, he can just go ahead and suck an egg."

"Who are you calling snot-nosed pansy?!" Ian lunged at William.

The two boys wrestled on the ground until their clothes were covered in dirt. Everyone pretended that they didn't know them and moved near the carriage. 

"Hmp! Without your magic, you're no match for me!" Ian said in a triumphant manner as he sat on William's back. 

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

"Just you wait until my power returns to me, I will let you know your place!" William struggled to stand, but Ian had pinned him securely on the ground.

Est lightly cleared his throat and Ian released William from his hold. The snot-nosed pansy returned to Est's side with a smug expression as he looked at the pitiful shepherd who was busy dusting his clothes.

"See you later, William," Est waved his hand as he entered the carriage.

"Yes, see you later." William smiled as he waved back.

Nana, Isaac, and Ian boarded the carriage. Herman, on the other hand, gave William and Est a respectful bow before sitting in the coachman's seat.

"Let's meet again at the capital, Little Will." Herman winked at him as he urged the horses to move forward.

"Mama Ella."

"Meeeeeeh!"

William mounted Ella's back and the two ran after the carriage. James watched all of this with a satisfied expression as he placed his hand behind his back.



"Don't forget about me, okay?" Est pleaded as he looked at William from the carriage window.

"How can I forget you?" William grinned. "You still owe me for saving your life. You better prepare the payment for the next time we see each other."

Est smiled and nodded his head. 

William and Ella followed the carriage until they reached the border of Lont. with a final wave of his hand, he bid his newfound friends goodbye as they journeyed back to the capital of the Hellan Kingdom.

After dinner, William went to see his Master and told her everything that happened during his journey to the Holy Temple. Although Celine had already heard the simplified version of the story, she wanted to know the full details of the battle.

"The difficulty of the quest was truly hard," Celine had to admit that William had a close call when he fought against the Terrorhand. Even if Celine swapped places with William, the chances of victory were slim.

The Cyclops only had one weakness and that was Holy Magic. Even if Celine used her ultimate move, Finger of Death, the chances of killing the Cyclops was almost non-existent. It was truly a miracle that two children with different powers, One Holy, and one Dark, were in the right place at the right time.

If either one of them were not present inside the Trial of Courage then it would have been a suicide mission instead of a trial. 

"What are your plans now?" Celine asked. She wanted to know how her disciple would act in this time now that he was at his weakest state.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

"The battle against Kingsley taught me that I can't always rely on magic to fight against strong opponents," William answered. "I need to build my foundation and learn from scratch."

Celine was satisfied with William's answer, so she decided to end their meeting and allow William to think about which method he wanted to use in order to acquire martial techniques on which to build his foundation. 

She could tell that William already had a plan in mind, so it would only be a bother if she tried to spoon feed him at this point in time.

Celine was right. William already had a plan in mind and he immediately put it into action.

After saying goodbye to his Master, William headed to the goat pen that was just outside his Master's Manor. Chronos, Aslan, and the rest of the goats were already waiting for him. They had already properly rested and were looking forward to their dungeon expedition.

"System, change my Subclass to Disciple of Thunder," William ordered. 

< Subclass has been successfully changed. Should I also pool all experience points to this Job Class? >

"Yes."

< Experience settings have been updated. >



"Thank you." After thanking the system, William looked at his herd with a smile on his face. "Are all of you ready?"

""Meeeeeeeh!""

"Good." William nodded his head and activated the ring on his finger. "Gate Open!"

A few seconds passed, but nothing happened. 

"Um?" William looked at his surroundings in surprise. "I think I'm getting rusty. Okay, this time is the real deal. Gate Open!"

William raised his hand as he tried to activate the Ring of Conquest. However, the ring remained dormant.

"System! What is going on?" William asked anxiously. "Why is the ring not working? Did it get damaged during the battle against the Cyclops?"

< Host, please, wait a minute as I troubleshoot the problem.>

< Identifying the root of the problem… >



< Finding the root problem successful! >

William looked at the notifications with an anxious expression. He hoped that the system would find the problem and offer him a solution on how to fix it.

< To answer the Host's question, there is no problem with the Ring of Conquest. It was undamaged during the fight against the Cyclops. >

"No problem? Then how come I can't activate it?" William asked.

< Host, did you forget? You are unable to use your Mana. It is disabled right now. The Ring of Conquest can only be activated by using magic power. Since the host is unable to use even a drop of magic, the ring will not be able to take you to the Goblin Crypt."

William swayed on his feet. He felt like fainting when he heard the System's report. If not for Ella supporting his body, he might have already collapsed on the ground due to the bad news he had just received. 

The Goblin Crypt was his main source of experience points. If he couldn't enter the dungeon then what was he supposed to do to level up his Job Classes?


Chapter 86

"System, is there really no other way?" William asked. His heart was currently aching from the consecutive disappointments that he had encountered since his magic power had been sealed.

< Well, it's not like there isn't a way… but I'm not sure if it's going to work. >

"Anything will do! Just make the ring work!"

< Host, even if we do succeed in activating the Ring of Conquest, the default setting of the Goblin Crypt might get affected. Are you sure you wish to continue? >

"What do you mean when you say that the default setting of the Goblin Crypt might get affected?" William inquired. "Is there even a default setting for the Goblin Crypt?"

< The Ring of Conquest is a Unique Item that was forged by using the fires of the Demonic Lands, and metal that came from another world. The techniques that were used in crafting it don't belong to this world. In order to make the ring work in this realm, it had to adhere to the laws of this world. >

"System, can you simplify things in layman's terms?"

< Host, in short, even if you managed to enter the Goblin Crypt, it might become bugged. >

William contemplated, but still decided to go ahead with the forceful activation of the Ring of Conquest. 

"Even if it's bugged, go ahead and activate the ring. This is an order!"



< Understood. Accepting the order… >

< Borrowing the powers of the three divinities present inside the host's soul… >

< Ding! >

< Congratulations! You are now able to activate the Ring of Conquest (Bugged Version) >

"Bugged Version?" William muttered. "Well, as long as it's usable then it's fine. System, are you sure that the ring is now usable?"

< Yes. The ring is usable, but the settings of the dungeon might have changed. Host, please prepare yourself for the worst. >

"Don't raise any flags!"

< … Just don't blame me later if anything happens. >

William breathed deeply in order to compose himself. He knew that the system was doing its best to help him, and he was truly thankful for its help. The only problem was that its ominous warning was giving him a feeling of restlessness.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

'It's of no use worrying about this stuff,' William thought as he clenched his fist. "Gate Open!"

A blinding flash of light enveloped everyone inside the goatshed. When William regained his vision, he found himself on the Eleventh Floor of the Goblin Crypt. 

"Good, it worked!" William pumped his fist. He then immediately checked his herd to see if everyone had arrived safely. 

"Is everyone here?"

""Meeeeeh!""

"Okay, let's do a headcount!"

"Meeeeeh!"

"Meeeeeh!"

"Meeeeeh!"



The goats counted one by one and William was relieved that everyone was present. 

"Mama Ella, do you feel anything weird?"

Ella pondered for a while before shaking her head.

"How about you guys? Do you feel anything strange?"

Chronos, Aslan, and the other goats also shook their heads. 

William looked at them seriously as he gave out his instruction. "There might be some changes inside the dungeon. Do not act recklessly and always follow your team leaders. Do I make myself clear?"

""Meeeeeeh!""

"Ok, let's go!"

Five minutes later…

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

< Exp Gained: 2 >

< Exp Gained: 2 >

"Um?" William looked at the notifications appearing on his screen. For a moment, he thought that his eyes were playing tricks with him. However, the consecutive notifications proved that everything he was seeing was real.

< Exp Gained: 2 >

< Exp Gained: 2 >

< Exp Gained: 2 >

"... Are you for real?" William rubbed his eyes. Seeing that the numbers didn't change after rubbing his eyes, he immediately cursed inwardly. "Damn it is real!"

The goats were not able to see the notifications like William. They were busy fighting against the Hobgoblins in front of them using their teamwork. After the group vanquished their foes, William immediately ordered them to rush towards the Fourteenth Floor.

He wanted to know if all the floors had been affected by this "Bug". 

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

Along the way, he discovered that the monster population inside the dungeon was denser than normal. It was as if the spawn rate of the dungeon had increased by 4 to 5 times the normal spawn rate.

If this was during the time when the ring was still working perfectly, William would have laughed out loud because more monsters means more experience points. However, right now, he didn't find the situation funny. 

Even if the number of monsters increased, so what? It wouldn't change the fact that the experience points he would gain from killing them was terrible. 

Ten minutes later…

William watched as the Hobgoblin Shaman disappeared into particles of light after being defeated by Aslan and his team. 

The red-headed boy's eyes became as dead as a fish when saw the notification that appeared in front of him. 

< Exp Gained: 10 >

'It's over,' William thought as his suspicions were confirmed. The Ring of Conquest was working like it used to. However, the "Bug" had affected the amount of experience points that could be gained inside the Goblin Crypt. 

William had been used to seeing experience points in the hundreds, but now, it didn't even exceed the number 10. 



The red-headed boy gritted his teeth as he ordered his herd to go to the Eighteenth Floor. William wasn't in the mood to farm experience points and led the goats to the stairs leading to the unexplored floor.

However, on the stairs that led to the Eighteenth Floor, a barrier blocked his way. The goats tried to forcefully break it by using everything in their arsenal. Even Ella stepped in to help destroy the barrier, but it was all in vain.

The barrier stood without a scratch as if mocking their forceful attempts to bypass the law of the dungeon.

"Enough," William ordered with a sigh. "Let's go back. I need to think things through."

William activated the Ring of Conquest and left the dungeon with his herd. The first thing he did when they returned to the real world was to get some fresh air. He went outside the goat shed while dragging a stack of hay. The red-headed boy laid down on top of it as he looked up in the heavens. 

While gazing at the countless stars that were shining in the sky, William finally regained his calm. Although he didn't show it, he felt really frustrated at the setbacks that he had encountered as of late.

The loss of his magic power had crippled him in more ways than he imagined and he was struggling to accept his new reality. 

It was at that moment when he felt something wet touch the side of his face. 

"Mama Ella." William pulled his Mama close to him as he buried his face in her neck. 



Ella felt something wet and warm soak her coat. Not long after, she heard William's choked sobs as his body shuddered from time to time.

William had been bottling up the pain and frustration of his loss deep inside his heart. He thought that he would be able to endure it all, but the helplessness he felt inside the Goblin Crypt drove the last nail into the coffin. 

The negative feelings that he had been holding back inside his heart flowed like a raging river. The floodgates that had been holding it back had burst open and William's tears fell like rain.

He felt despair. He felt helplessness, and most of all, he felt that he had lost all hope.

Since he was someone who had been reincarnated in a new world, William hadn't had the chance to "act his age". He was an eighteen-year-old boy stuck inside the body of a ten-year-old.

Everyone said that he was "mature for his age", but the truth was, he was still a kid at heart. He was not an adult. When he died, he was just a teenager that was suffering from a terminal disease. A teenager that had made a deal with the Hospital Director to donate his heart at the time of his death.

William did his best to live his second life to the fullest. He gave it everything, challenged anything. With three divinities, and a system that guaranteed that he would stand above the rest, William would be lying if he said that he didn't feel special.

He would be lying if he said that he wasn't a chosen one. After receiving so many blessings, and a cheat that broke the balance of the world, how could he possibly fail?

Yet, here he was, crying his heart out, like a child who had lost his favorite toy. Ella closed her eyes and allowed William to vent out his pent-up feelings. 

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

William rarely cried. He cried when Ella almost died inside the dungeon. He cried when Celine made him her slave, and he cried more when they were being tortured with curses that almost drove him insane.

Ella didn't know how long William cried that night. When she felt his body become lax, Ella instinctively knew that her baby had cried himself to sleep. She then helped him lay down in a more comfortable position, before looking for another stack of hay. 

Ella pushed the stack of hay beside the sleeping boy and laid down on top of it. She moved her body closer to her baby, and the latter instinctively positioned himself within her soft embrace.

William's second mother looked down on her son with a gentle gaze. She only hoped for William to be happy. Ella knew that William was currently feeling frustrated, but she believed that he would be able to overcome this hurdle.

After all, she was the one that raised him. She knew more than anyone else, how amazing her little baby could be when he became serious.


Chapter 87

When William opened his eyes, he found himself buried within Ella's embrace. He felt so comfortable, and warm that he didn't feel like getting up. Since that was the case, he decided to start the day like he always did.

< Daily Quest: Drink Milk has been completed! >

< Rewards: 6 Exp Points. >

Everyday since he had arrived in Lont, he never failed to drink his Mama's milk. It had already become a habit. After having his fill, Ella licked the side of his face like she always did to bid him a good morning.

"Good Morning, Mama."

"Meeeeh."

William kissed the side of Ella's face as he reluctantly sat up. He then raised his hands, to do a bit of stretching, before looking at the sunrise that was slowly basking the land with its light.

After crying for an entire night, William felt lighter. Although the problem he was facing was still there, it didn't feel as heavy as it used to.

William bid Ella goodbye as he entered his Master's house. As her disciple, Celine had tasked the red-headed boy to do the house chores and cook for her. William didn't mind because he was used to doing these kinds of things.

Back in the orphanage, he would also wake up early to help in the kitchen. He would assist the aunties in cooking breakfast for his little brothers and sisters because they were short handed.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

An hour later, Celine lazily came down the stairs and plopped herself in a chair at the dining table. The smell of William's cooking had woken her up from her sleep.

"Breakfast will be ready in five minutes, Master."

"Mmm."

Celine watched William as he busied himself in the kitchen. When she had just taken him as her disciple, she decided to ask him to cook for her because she was feeling lazy. She never thought that William's cooking was on such a high level.

Since then, William had officially become her personal cook. The food that William made were dishes he was familiar with back on Earth. Although he was lacking in ingredients like soy sauce, vinegar, and other condiments, he was still able to bring out the delicious flavors on the food.

Celine was even tempted to find an artifact that would help William gain a Cooking Job Class. Her thoughts were quite simple. If William could already make something this delicious, wouldn't it become more delicious if he got some skills that would boost his culinary skills?

Unfortunately, there was no such artifact in Lont, so Celine had to put her dreams of turning her disciple into a Professional Chef that would cook exclusively for her on hold.

Five minutes later, the table was filled with the dishes that William had cooked.

"Our breakfast for today is William's special fried rice, William's pancakes, William's sunny side up, William's sandwiches, and William's honey-cured bacon," William said with a smile. "Master, what kind of accompanying drinks would you like to have? Coffee or tea?"

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"Just plain water will do," Celine replied as she piled up some bacon and eggs on her plate. Unlike other people, Celine liked to eat meat during breakfast.

William nodded his head and fetched a glass and pitcher of water for Celine. After making sure that she had everything that she needed, William sat on his chair and began to eat as well.

The two ate their meal in peace because Celine didn't like to talk while eating. When they finished their breakfast, Celine went back upstairs, while William cleaned up the table, and washed the dishes.

When his chores were done, he returned to the goat shed and took the goats to the river to take a bath. As he floated on the water, William thought of the things that he must do for the day.

His first priority was to find a way to increase his job levels. William had already decided to brush up on his martial skills and focus on the basic job classes like, swordsman, archer, spearman, monk, and fighter.

Among the non-magic Job Classes, these five professions were the foundations of all martial arts in the Southern Continent. The battle against Kingsley made William realize that he was lacking in battle techniques.

The battle style he had been using had evolved in fighting against monsters. However, fighting against humans was trickier. They were more intelligent and their means of fighting was vastly different from wild beasts.

"System, can you tell me how the people of this world become stronger?" William asked.

< To answer the host's question, would you like the simplified version or the detailed version? >



"The simplified version, please."

< Understood. >

< There are two ways on how people grow stronger in this world. One is through cultivation, the other through repetition. >

< In the path of Cultivation, the way to get stronger is to gather as many resources as you can. Host, do you know that everyone born in this world had a Talent Grade? >

"Yes," William replied. "Talent Grades are E, D, C, B, A, S, and Perfect Grade."

< Correct. I will be giving an example first. For a magician, the fastest way to raise their magic power is to use Magic Crystals. The power rankings of magicians are called Circles. The lowest is the First Circle, while the highest is the Tenth Circle. >

< Each Circle has ten stages. Only after the magician has managed to breakthrough to the tenth stage would they advance to a higher circle. Host, are you following me so far? >

"Yes," William replied. "Bring on the info dump."

(A/N: Kekeke)

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

< The lowest talent Grade E, allows a magician to reach up to the peak of the First Circle. Unless they find a way to raise their grade, they wouldn't be able to advance to the Second Circle for the rest of their lives. >

< Grade D talent allows the magician to break through up to the Second Circle, Grade C talent allows them to break through to the Third Circle. Grade B talent is a little different because it allows them to breakthrough up to the Fifth Circle. >

< Grade A gives them a chance to break through the Seventh Circle, While S, allows them to reach up to the Ninth Circle. As for Perfect Grade Talent allows them to break through to the 10th Circle. >

'Wow, doesn't that make my Ex-Fiance a lucky girl?' William thought.

< Of course, the speed of breaking through the ranks will depend on resources. If you have a steady supply of High-Grade Magic Crystals then becoming a top-tier magician is within reach.

Sadly, not everyone has this opportunity. Only the members of royal families, the nobility, and Sects who have vast resources have the ability to groom future Archmages and Archons. >

"Where do you get Magic Crystals?" William asked.

< Magic Crystals are mined from the Earth. Some of these mines appear near Ley Lines where magic and spirit power are concentrated. >

< Now, let's talk about the basic Job Classes like swordsman, and archers. These Job Classes can also grow through cultivation, but they rely more on repetition. An archer will only become an expert if they practice shooting their arrows everyday. As their experience accumulates, they also gain Skills. >



< These skills gain a level or improve the more the archer uses them. It is similar to gaining a higher proficiency as your master a skill or technique. Most Martial Classes get stronger in this manner. >

< The same could be said for the swordsman. In order to become an expert, they needed to continuously hone their techniques and gain experience through battle in order to become stronger. Cultivation is more like a secondary support to them to make their bodies stronger. >

< Unlike Magicians, Swordsmen and the other Martial Classes doesn't rely on Magic Crystals in order to strengthen their bodies. They rely on Beast Cores that are taken from the monsters that they have slain. >

"Um? Beast Cores?" William remembered the two Millennial-Grade Beastcores in his possession after slaying the Thunder Horned Wolf and Terrorhand.

< The Power Rankings for Martial Classes are different from Magicians, their ranks are measured by the Adventurer's guild, Hunter's Guild, and other corresponding organizations, like the Holy Temples, scattered around the continent. >

< The rankings for the martial classes are Copper, Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum, Mithril, Adamantium, Black, and Saint. >

"How do they determine the rankings?" William asked. "Do they increase their rank if they finish missions like the ones in games?"

< Yes and No. Unlike magicians who have a proper measuring tool to check their magic power, the power level of Martial Classes varies from individual to individual. Just like the Host, those who specialize in Martial Skills are able to upgrade their profession once they meet its requirement. >

< For example, an archer could choose to become a ranger, hunter, or a sniper. In order to do so, they must undergo a trial in a temple like what the Host experienced in the Pantheon of Courage. Only by succeeding will they be able to upgrade their professions. >



< An Archer of the Gold rank would always be inferior to a Sniper or Ranger of the same Rank. Host, do you know why this happens? >

"Is it because of Skills?"

< Yes. >

< Also, once a person decides to upgrade their profession, they have the option to choose a deity to follow. For example, a ranger that worship a deity would gain additional boost to their strength. They could either worship the God of the Hunt, God of Marksmanship, God of Nature, and other Gods that align with their profession. >

< Each God has different blessings and specialties. >

"So temples are also used as places to change someone's profession."

< Yes. Some temples only worship a specific God, while others allow the worship of multiple Gods. This is why there are several temples scattered not only in the Hellan Kingdom, but in all continents of the world. However, there are some individuals that also chose not to worship any Gods, and just advance their rank as they see fit. >

William wanted to know more about the world, so he decided to learn more information from the system. He believed that understanding how the professions work in this world would allow him to gain some insights on the path he had to choose.


Chapter 88

"Okay, so Martial Job Classes get stronger by repetition and cultivation. Can I also become proficient in a Job Class if I train myself like shooting arrows at a target?" William asked.

< It's possible. If the Host Practice shooting arrows then your shooting proficiency will increase. However, it would be much easier if the Host just acquired the Shooting Proficiency Skill. This is the difference between the host and other people. What others need to train for years, the host can easily learn in half a day. >

"Isn't that cheating?"

< Host, you have been cheating since Day 1. >

"It's not cheating, it's called plot progression!"

< Sure. Whatever you say. >

"Ok, let's go back a bit," William said as he tried to change the subject. "You said Martial Job Classes can get stronger by using Beast Cores. Can I also use them?"

< Yes. >

"Really?"

< Definitely. If the Host were to choose to consume the Millennial-Grade Beast Core that you received from the Terrorhand, you will instantly gain 2 Million Experience Points. If you choose to consume the Millennial-Grade Beast Core from the Thunder Horned Wolf, you will get 1.2 Million Experience Points. >



'T-This is it!' William became excited at the prospect of using Beast Cores to level up his Job Classes. Right now, he had two Millennial-Grade Beast Cores in his possession. If he used it, he could easily raise his Disciple of Thunder to its Max level.

"Can I use any kind of Beast Core?" William was planning to ask his Grandpa to help him find or purchase Beast Cores to level up his Job Classes.

< Yes. However, there is a restriction. Host can only consume the Beast Cores that you had personally acquired. The System will not accept Beast Cores that have been outsourced from other places. >

"Tsk, what is this discrimination?" William nagged at the system. "Why are you preventing me from cheating my way to get stronger? Whose side are you on?"

< I will always be on the Host's side. However, I must also follow the laws of this world. Host, just do your best to gather your own Beast Cores and grow stronger. >

William grumbled, but he still felt happy about the information he received from the system. Now he had more options to increase his Job Levels while waiting for the Five-Year Seal to disappear from his body.

After returning to the goat shed, William meditated in order to clear his mind. He now had two options in front of him.

The first one was to use the Millennial-Grade Beast Cores to upgrade his Prestige Class, Disciple of Thunder.

The second one was to just focus on the Basic Job Classes and become proficient in them through repetition and training. Although the experience points he would gain from the Goblin Crypt was abysmal, it was still a good place to farm experience points.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

'Even a mosquito has meat,' William thought as he looked at his Job Classes. 'If I farmed experience points for a year, I can probably raise one Job Class to level 20.'

The System told William that the Martial Job Classes he had acquired have their own War Techniques that were tailor made to match his proficiency. The good news was that, after learning them, the technique would be embedded in his memory permanently.

The only thing he needed to do was to practice it regularly, or use it to battle to become proficient.

His Swordsman Class had the skill < Swift Blade Sword Art (Basic) >.

His Archer Class had the skill < Wind Breaker Bow Art (Basic) >.

His Spearman Class had the skill < Relentless Dragon Spear Art (Basic) >

His Fighter Class had the skill < Executioner War Art (Basic) >

His Monk Class had the skill < Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon War Art (Basic) >

As William gazed at these Martial Arts, he felt that he was getting closer to becoming a Jack of All Trades, Master of None.



After a brief struggle, William opened his Disciple of Thunder Skill Tree and checked to see if this was a Job Class that heavily relied on Mana.

'As expected, this Job Class relies heavily on magic power,' William sighed as he read all the skills of the Prestige Class. 'Still, the passive skills it possesses are quite interesting.'

William's gaze landed on the four skills that belonged to the Disciple of Thunder that didn't require any Mana.

< Lightning God War Art (Basic) >

(Requires 10 Skill Points to Unlock)

-- The Martial Art of the God of Thunder.

-- Very effective against Demons, Spirit Beasts, Elementals, Evil Spirits, Undead, and Devils.

< Lightning Reflexes 10 / 10 >

-- Increase Agility Stat +30



-- The user's reflexes are faster than normal

-- Increase reaction rate by 100%

< Child of Thunder >

(Requires 5 Skill Points to Unlock)

-- Able to manipulate Lightning from any source to do your bidding.

< Heavenly Phantasm Movement Technique (Basic) >

(Requires 5 Skill Points to Unlock)

-- The movement Technique of the God of Thunder

If William used his Millennial-Grade Beast Core, he would be able to raise the Disciple of Thunder to its Max Level. Although he wouldn't be able to use the powerful offensive skills of this Job Class, the four passive skills still caught William's interest.



William was very keen in acquiring the Lightning God War Art and the Heavenly Phantasm Movement Technique. With these two skills in his possession, he would be able to raise their proficiency inside the Goblin Crypt until he mastered them to perfection.

Even if he had to switch to other Job Classes, his mastery of these two skills would remain with him for life.

Also, he could freely assign the skill Lightning Reflexes, and Child of Thunder to his permanent skill slot. These two skills are interchangeable depending on the situation. The cool thing about the Child of Thunder was that William could harness the power of lightning using any source.

What did this mean? It meant that he could manipulate a Lightning Storm and use it to hurl lightning bolts at his enemies. This was a very tempting opportunity for the pitiful William who had lost his magic powers!

Three hours passed before William finalized his decision.

"System, I would like to consume the Millennial-Grade Beast Core of the Terrorhand. Place all experience points in the Disciple of Thunder!"

< Acknowledged. >

< Consuming Millennial-Grade Beast Core. >

< Transferring Experience Points… >



< Ding! >

< The prestige class Disciple of Thunder had reached its Max Level! >

< Would you like to Advance to the next Job Class? Yes / No >

"Advance to the next Job Class!" William ordered.

< Ding! >

-- You had successfully ascended to Prince of Thunder

-- A Prince that was born to wield the power of thunder and lightning.

-- Lightning Magic effectiveness increased by 50%

-- Host has learned skill: Thunder God's Wrath

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

William could immediately feel the effect of his ascension. The sensation felt so good that he couldn't help but close his eyes in order to immerse himself in that euphoric sensation. It was as if all the pain and frustration that were still lingering inside his heart were washed away by his newfound powers.

When William opened his eyes, a lightning bolt flashed briefly inside his pupils. He was like a new person that had been baptized by the power of lightning. William laughed. He laughed out loud.

Ella who was standing by his side, looked at him with a gentle gaze. She could tell that her baby had finally found his path, and pulled himself out of his depression.

William wanted to share the happiness he was feeling at the moment, so he hurriedly gave his Mama a Hug. He then kissed her repeatedly on her cheeks before he ran towards the other goats to shower them with hugs and kisses.

On that day, in the small town of Lont, William's true training was about to begin.


Chapter 89

"Gramps, I want to be stronger," William said with a serious expression. "Please, help me."

William had thought long and hard and finally came to the decision to ask James for help in order to build his foundations in Martial Combat. He believed that with the help of his passive skills, he would be able to fill the gap that was left when he lost his magic powers.

"You want to be stronger?" James asked. "Getting stronger is always good, but what is your purpose for wanting to get stronger?"

"Purpose to get stronger?"

"Everyone must have a reason to become strong. Imagine yourself as the sharpest sword. Sure, you are sharp and powerful, but if there is no reason for your wielder to use you, you're just nothing but a sword. A weapon that serves no purpose is nothing compared to a kitchen knife that is used to cook food."

William was dumbfounded by his grandfather's explanation. He had long thought of his Grandpa as a battle junkie. A man with brawns, but no brains. For James to speak such scholarly words made the red-headed boy realize that he still didn't know the true character of his happy-go-lucky grandfather.

'Purpose? What is my purpose for getting stronger?' William was at a loss. He hadn't thought that far when he decided to ask his Grandpa for help. He thought that the reason people sought strength was just to become stronger. The young boy didn't think of the reasons behind their desire to gain power.

James nodded in satisfaction when he saw William's reaction. He had seen many youths who desired to get stronger, but they didn't have any goals in life. Without a destination in mind, these youths were then led astray by others who used their strength for their own convenience.

James didn't want his grandson to become someone else's chess piece. He wanted William to control his own destiny and trudge down the path that would allow him to reach his own goals in life.

"Come back to me when you have found your answer," James patted William's shoulder. "When you finally find your purpose, I promise that I will do everything in my power to help you gain the power you seek. Until then, think carefully."

Follow current novels on lig/htno/velworld[.]com

William nodded his head and left his Grandpa's room without a destination in mind. Soon, he found himself on the hill overlooking Lont. 

When he left his hometown to go to the temple, he met Est, Ian, Isaac, Herman, and Nana. They reminded him that Lont was only a small speck of dust within the Southern Continent. Out there, in the vast world of Hestia, many kingdoms and empires could be found. 

It made William feel so small. Like he was just an insignificant boy in a world filled with billions of people. Like a grain of sand found on the beach, and a star within the starry skies. What can a small boy like him achieve, in this vast world that is filled with geniuses and experts that look down upon the mortal realm like Gods?

It was at that moment when William's gaze landed on the ring on his finger. 

"The Ring of Conquest," William muttered absentmindedly at the ring that started it all. If not for this ring, William wouldn't have entered the Goblin Crypt and unlocked the Shepherd Job Class. He might have lived his life differently compared to the life he had lived up to now.

Suddenly it dawned on him. The ring belonged to his father. Because his father died, his mother had no choice but to send him away from the Silvermoon Continent in order to protect him. 

She wanted to protect him from whom? What are the circumstances behind his father's death? Why was there a need for him to separate from his mother?

William had thought about these questions before when he was younger. However, he had set them aside with the excuse of "I'll find the answer when I get older". He didn't think much about it, but now that he was thinking of what he really wanted to do in his life, his focus had locked onto this mystery that had plagued his childhood.

The red-headed boy hurriedly left the hill and returned to the residence. His purpose was to ask his Grandpa, James, to tell him about the events that had happened in the past. He wanted to know the truth about his true identity and the identity of his parents.

For more, visit lightnovelwor/ld[.]com

He went directly to his Grandpa's room, but it was empty. 

"Will? Are you looking for your grandpa?" Helen asked as she walked behind him, carrying a broom.

"Aunt, do you know where Grandpa is?" William asked. 

"The Master went to Owen's house to discuss a few things," Helen answered. 

"Thank you!" William gave Helen a quick hug before heading towards Owen's house.

Ella and the rest of William's herd were currently in the valley with the other goats and sheep of Lont. It had been a while since the goats had returned to their grazing area and William decided to allow them to head to the valley to feed on the fresh grass that had grown in abundance since the time of the Beast Tide.

Ella was there in order to supervise them, just in case something unexpected happened.

Just as Helen told him, James was indeed inside Owen's house. The two old men were sharing a bottle of red wine that Owen had been keeping in his wine cellar for many years. William felt a bit awkward as he sat between the two men who were drinking red wine and munching on lamb sausages. 

"Have you found your purpose for getting stronger?" James asked. "You can talk freely. Owen is someone who knows how to keep secrets. Also, my purpose for coming here is to convince this old bugger to help with your training."

The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelworld[.]com

"Who are you calling an old bugger?" Owen snapped. "You come here to drink my wine, and eat my sausages, and you dare to call me old bugger? Do you want me to whack you?"

James laughed awkwardly as he returned his attention to his grandson. 

William gave Owen a brief glance before clearing his throat. "Gramps, I want to know the truth about me and my parents."

The lively atmosphere in the room immediately cooled down as James and Owen stared at William with a serious expression. 

"Should I leave?" Owen asked. "I think it is better if the two of you speak in private."

"Sorry for the trouble," James replied with an apologetic gaze. 

"It's fine." Owen stood up and patted William's shoulder before leaving the room. He made sure to properly lock the door behind him and cast a soundproof barrier to ensure that his wife wouldn't accidentally overhear their conversation. 

The grandfather and grandson pair stared at each other for a few minutes before James sighed and broke the silence. 

"I was planning to tell you this when you were a little older, but I guess now is also a good time for it," James said as he emptied the wine in his glass. "Do you want the long version or the short version?"

Follow current novels on lightnovelworld[.]com

"The short version please," William replied.

James nodded his head. "Your father, Maxwell, was a great man. Before you were born, he was hailed as the most powerful man in the Southern Continent. He rose up like a firework and burned brightly like a comet."

James sighed as he remembered William's father. "Your father was a Dungeon Conqueror. He had the ability to fuse the dungeon cores with his body. Once he conquered a dungeon, he could summon the monsters that 'belonged' to that dungeon. Basically, he was a one man army that has thousands of monsters under his command. Isn't that cool?"

"That's so OP…" William gulped.

"OP?"

"It means Overpowered, Gramps."

"Yes. Your father was OP." James chuckled and nodded his head. "Perhaps due to how strong his profession was, the Gods themselves placed a limit on it. There can only exist one Dungeon Conqueror in every generation. As long as that person still lives, no one else can acquire this incredibly rare profession."

William imagined himself sitting on the head of a dragon as legions of monsters conquered the land under his command. The sight was similar to the grand battles in the fantasy movies that he had watched on Earth. William was half-tempted to ask the system about the requirements necessary in order to obtain the Dungeon Conqueror Job Class.

James didn't know what William was thinking as he continued his tale. "Your father was indeed very strong, but he has one weakness and that was... he was very weak against beautiful women. Back then, the elves were losing the battle against the Demon Lord who was hell bent on conquering the Silvermoon Continent.

The most up-to-date novels are published on light/no/velworl/d[.]/com

Out of desperation, they conceived a plan in order to turn the tables. That plan was to use a 'Honey Trap' in order to lure your father to the Silvermoon Continent."

James gave William a teasing grin as his eyes twinkled in delight. "Guess who was the lady that they used to honey trap your father?"

"Of course it would be none other than the most beautiful lady in the Silvermoon Continent," William raised his chin in an arrogant manner. "My Mother."

"You're right, and the Elven Council has regretted their decision to this day." James' laughter boomed inside the room as if to ridicule the long eared bastards who thought that they could one-up his son with their schemes.


Chapter 90

"Your Mother, Arwen, is the Saintess of the Elven Race," James said with a smile. "She is the Guardian of the World Tree and her authority is equal to the Elven Council's. When the Council begged her to seduce your father, she agreed. However, Arwen had no intention of marrying your father. 

"Their plan was to only use your father to resist the Demon Invasion then give him ample rewards after the invaders were repelled from the Elven Lands. What they didn't expect was that your father, Maxwell, was not only an expert in conquering dungeons. He was also an expert in conquering the hearts of women."

James paused as another chuckle escaped his lips. "Even though your mother was a High-Elf and a strong-willed woman, she was still a maiden that had never known what love was. Maxwell was no fool. He knew what the elves were planning. 

"However, he had also fallen helplessly in love with your mother. Like I said, my son had a weakness for beautiful women and your mother was the most beautiful woman that he had seen in his life."

William was captivated with James' storytelling skills and waited in anticipation for the continuation of the story.

"Three days before the elves planned to counter-attack the invading Demon Army, Maxwell snuck inside the Sacred Grove where the World Tree and your mother resided. What the Elven Council didn't know was that Arwen had already fallen for your father's charms and had secretly told him the hidden path that would allow him to enter the Sacred Grove without the guards noticing him.

"There, the two shared a night of passion. Arwen had surrendered herself to Maxwell, and the latter took responsibility for making her fall in love with him. In the original plan, this was not supposed to happen. The Saintess should only devote herself to the World Tree for the rest of her life. Of course, this doesn't mean that the Saintess couldn't get married and have children.

"She can, but like I said this is not part of the Elven Council's plan because a Saintess is bound by a very strict rule. The man who takes her chastity will be her one and only lover for the rest of her life. Not even the Elven Council could overturn this rule that the First Guardian had decreed since the World Tree was born. 

"Back then, the Head of the Elven Council was planning to marry his son to Arwen. Unfortunately for him, your father was a step faster and the rest was history. Your father went to war and drove the invaders back to the Demon Lands. 

"The Elders thought that they had succeeded in their schemes, but lo and behold, your father got your mother pregnant in that one night of passion.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"The Head of the Council was livid and his son almost went crazy when they heard the news. They initially planned to have your father assassinated, but who was your father? He was a Dungeon Conqueror. When he summoned all the Dungeon Monsters under his command, the entire Elven Council had no choice but to begrudgingly allow their marriage.

"Not only that, your father brute forced his way and had the Head of the Council resign from his position and placed Arwen's father, Theoden Aeanarion, as the new Head. Naturally, the elves had no choice but to agree to his demand and thus, the bastard schemer was kicked out of his position."

It was then when James heaved a long and deep sigh. "I thought that your father and mother would have a happy ending, but it was just wishful thinking. The Ex-Head of the Council, along with his entire Clan, rebelled and concocted a plan to help the Demon Race bring their Elite Forces into the Sacred Grove by using long distance teleportation.

"Their plan was to use the World Tree as a hostage in order to make the Elves submit to the Demon Lord. Their plan succeeded, but the result was far from their expectations. Although the World Tree was sacred to the elves, it didn't mean anything to Maxwell.

"He summoned his army and fought the Demon Lords and his Elite Demons inside the Sacred Grove. The battle was so fierce, that the Demon Lord was severely wounded and the World Tree was cut in half. It was also during this battle that your father acquired the ring of Conquest from the Demon Lord's severed arm. 

"If not for the sacrifices of his subordinates, the Demon Lord's life might have ended then and there. He managed to escape back to the Demon Realm, losing his army of elites, and his arm in the process.

"The Elders of the Clan that had betrayed the Elven Race were executed, and the rest were exiled. Even so, one major problem still remained and that was the World Tree. it was on the verge of dying."

James refilled the cup with wine and drank slowly as if trying to wash away the bitterness that was stuck inside his soul. 

"If the World Tree dies, the elves will no longer be able to give birth and their race will lose their blessings. For the sake of his wife, and the child that was growing inside her body, your father decided to make a sacrifice.



"He used the power of the Dungeon Conqueror and fused with the World Tree. The tree recovered its vitality due to the immense power of the Dungeon Conqueror. You have to understand that your father, Maxwell, had conquered many dungeons. The magic power of Dungeons is almost limitless and they only grow stronger with time. 

"It was more than enough to revive the World Tree. The elves survived the disaster, but many still held a grudge towards your father. Although we had told you that your father was dead, this wasn't entirely true. He had merged with the World Tree, so basically, he is the World Tree. However, in doing so, he has also lost sentience.

"Even your mother, the Guardian of the World Tree, was unable to communicate with him. The only thing that remained of him was that ring on your finger. If my hunch is right, he stored the power of the Dungeon Conqueror within the ring. He did this to prevent another conqueror from being born.

"Perhaps he prepared the ring for you, perhaps not. I don't really know. All I know is that your father has now turned into a tree, and your mother accompanies him everyday," James said with a sigh. 

"Perhaps Arwen felt that the old bastards were starting to scheme again so she decided to send you here to Lont. She was afraid that the Elders of the Council would use you as a hostage in order to force her to obey their command.

"Your mother is truly pitiful," James lamented. "She lost her husband and her son. Like a caged bird, she can't leave the Elven Continent and hold you in her arms. The only reason why they didn't attempt to lay their hands on you, and your mother, is because of the tiny chance that your father might regain his consciousness inside the World Tree."

What James didn't tell William was that the elves were also dealing with another threat to their existence and that was due to the Elven Prophecy by the Rayleigh Family.

"Will, I believe that there is a way for your father to return to this world," James said with a serious expression. "However, I don't know what method it is. Also, the way you are now, you can't go to the Elven Continent. 

"If you go, you will not only endanger yourself, but endanger your mother as well. If you want to see her then you must become as strong as your father. That is the only way for the two of you to reunite."

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

William clenched his fists in determination. He had felt his Mother's sadness through her letters. The young boy could feel the deep longing in her written words. There were times when William wanted to travel to the Silvermoon Continent just to hug her tight.

"Grandpa, I want to meet her," William said as he stared at his grandfather's eyes. "I want to hug her. I want to kiss her and wipe the tears from her eyes. I want her to know how much I miss her."

James didn't say anything, instead he just looked at William with a calm expression. 

"Have you found your purpose?"

"Yes."

"And that is?"

William closed his eyes and pressed his right hand on his chest. "To reunite with my mother and find a way to make our family whole again. Also, I want to return a favor to the people who are looking after me from the heavens. For that, I will need your help, Grandpa."

James was confused about the part about the people looking after William from the heavens. Even so, he still placed his hand on William's shoulder and looked at him with solemn gaze. 

"And you shall have it. Starting tomorrow, your training will begin. I will talk to the rest of the boys. However, William, remember this. I will not interfere with their training methods. No matter what happens, you are on your own. Do I make myself clear?"



William nodded his head. He finally found his reason to become stronger. He would reunite with his mother, save his father, and spread Gavin's name to the entire world. Lily had secretly told him via telepathy that aside from him, Gavin had only one other believer. 

A God who didn't have any followers would cease to exist.

William wouldn't allow this to happen. He was determined to spread Gavin's name throughout the world and unlock the power of the Jack of All Trades, that hadn't been seen for thousands of years. 

Somewhere in the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, in a small hut that stood in the outskirts, a chubby man covered his face with both hands. Tears were streaming down his face as he bawled his eyes out.

Gavin, the God of All Trades, heard William's words that came straight from his heart. He felt so happy that all the pent up frustrations, anxieties, sadness, and fear that he had kept deep inside for thousands of years finally burst forth.

That day, in that lonely hut, a God who was at the end of his rope, finally found a ray of light.


Chapter 91

"Gwaaak!"

William rolled on the ground in pain after failing to dodge Owen's attack.

"Does it hurt?" Owen asked while twirling the wooden staff in his hand. "Unfortunately, I don't plan on healing any of your injuries."

William gritted his teeth as he propped himself up off the ground. He then grabbed his own wooden staff, that was lying a few meters away from him, before facing the old man who had a smug look on his face.

The red-headed boy couldn't believe that someone as old as Owen was an expert in close combat. He thought that the Life Magus was only a support type and had underestimated him greatly.

"What's wrong?" Owen asked while stifling a yawn. "Is that it?"

William roared as he charged forward. He used the movement technique of the Disciple of Thunder, "Heavenly Phantasm", to get behind Owen before using the "Lightning God War Art" that he had learned.

"Flashy, but no substance," Owen said as he casually did a backhand strike that sent William flying backwards. "Learning new professions sure is nice. But, without any proper foundation, it is nothing but a skill used for entertainment."

William spat blood on the ground as he stood up with shaky legs. He channeled all his strength into his foot and charged forward once again.

When he was only a few meters away from Owen, he immediately stopped and looked behind the Old Man's back.



"Hello , Mrs. Sarah!" William greeted with a smile.

Hearing his wife's name, Owen turned around to look behind his back. William used this opportunity to sneak attack the old man. However, what greeted him was Owen's wooden staff striking the top of his head, sending him face first into the ground.

"Mmm, nice try." Owen grinned. "But you know, that only works on stupid people. Do you think I'm stupid?"

William held his head with teary eyes as he endured the searing pain. Owen watched him with a smirk as he lit his pipe and started smoking. He did it in a very carefree manner which made the pain William was feeling intensify.

"You see, Little Will, during group battles the first people to get targeted are, usually, the support classes," Owen explained. "Most of the time they succeed in doing so because these professions are not proficient in protecting themselves. They rely on others to protect them."

Owen puffed his pipe a few more times before continuing his explanation. "In battle, the first person you have to subjugate is the support of the party. As long as they are around, you will have a hard time beating their group. Sometimes, the most scary opponents are not monsters, but humans. When fighting against humans, you shouldn't show mercy."

Owen finished his explanation and returned the pipe to his storage ring.

"Cure Moderate Wounds," Owen chanted and a ray of light enveloped William.

The pain he was feeling disappeared and the wounds and bruises on his body were also healed. The only problem was his clothes. They still remained tattered due to Owen's powerful blows.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

"Now, do you understand that just 'learning' a few skills without understanding them on a deeper level is just clowning around? If you want to become an entertainer then it's fine to stay the way you are.

"But, your old man begged me to help you. I don't want him to complain and tell me that I'm doing a half-as*ed job in teaching you the basics. Here, wear this."

Owen casually threw two bracelets at William.

The young boy caught the two bracelets and gave them a better look using his appraisal skill.

High-Grade Training Bracelets

-- Forged by the Blacksmith Barbatos, this bracelet was made for the purpose of training.

-- this accessory is made from the scales of the Golden-Scaled Crocodile.

-- Once worn, the bracelet will increase its weight by 40 kg (88 lbs). If the user is able to get accustomed to its weight, it will further increase its weight by multiples of ten. The limit of the weight increase is up to 200 kg (440 lbs).

-- The bracelet also has an additional special function. If the user were to chant the words "Activate Protection" the bracelets will transform into arm bracers. If the user wants to cancel the special function they just have to say "Deactivate".



'This reminds me of Dragonbone Z,' William thought as he slid the two bracelets onto his wrists.

Immediately, the effects of the bracelet activated and increased its weight according to William's current strength level.

Due to William's strength stat, the bracelet adjusted their weight and stopped at 50 kg. The boy immediately felt its effects and tried to move his arms up and down. Although he could move them, it was not as easy as when he was not wearing the bracelets.

William then made a startling discovery. It was not only his arms that felt heavy, but his feet felt heavy as well.

According to his estimate, his overall movement had decreased by 60%. It was like having a permanent dumbbell attached to your arms and heels.

"For now, we will not focus on fighting," Owen stated. "We will focus on building your foundation. Let's start with your stamina first. Listen well, Little Will. It is important for a man to build up his stamina. If you don't have enough stamina then you will not be able to satisfy your lover. Trust me. Even at my age, I can still do eight rounds of love-making without a problem!"

The corner of William's lips twitched after hearing Owen's shameless bragging. He somehow felt sorry for Sarah, Owen's wife, for having such a lewd old man as her husband.

"The easiest way to build your stamina is by running and swimming. We will alternate between the two depending on my mood. For now, run ten laps around Lont. You may start now."

William took a few deep breaths before he started to run. A minute later, his running decreased drastically and turned into a light jog. After another minute passed, he no longer jogged and resorted to brisk walking.



Two minutes later, he was just walking very slowly while panting heavily.

'I need to endure,' William thought as he moved his body, one foot at a time. 'The next time I see that Kingsley boy, I'll swat him like a fly.'

William was the type that held grudges on those who had wronged him. Although he didn't say anything about the arrogant Magic Swordsman's actions, he was still itching to give him a good beating.

'Just you wait.' William clenched his fist. 'When I go to meet Rebecca seven years from now, I'll make sure to return the favor tenfold.'

James and Mordred watched William from the hill overlooking Lont. They could feel the boy's unyielding spirit, which made them very happy. It was James who asked Barbatos to forge the bracelets a week after he returned from the battle at the Windkeep Citadel.

He had a feeling that a time would come when William would ask him for help with his training. When William lost to the Kingsley boy in their 'friendly duel', James knew that the time was at hand.

William had explained that he wouldn't be able to use Magic for five years and James thought that this was the perfect opportunity to help his grandson build up his foundations. In the past, he didn't insist on doing so because William was being trained in Dark Magic by Celine.

"William, why are you so slow?" An eight-year-old girl walked beside the huffing and puffing William with a curious gaze. "Are you hurt somewhere?"

"N-No. I-Im F-Fine," William replied with ragged breaths.



The children were so amused with William's slow walking that they thought he was playing a game. Soon, a crowd of children, less than twelve year old, were walking beside William at a very slow pace.

William could only smile helplessly at the kids who reminded him of the little brothers and sisters he had left back on Earth.

'I wonder how they are doing?' William thought. 'Belle, does she still think of me?'

William sighed as he put these thoughts at the back of his mind. He needed to focus his attention on his training. And so the boy walked, and walked, and walked, while the children of Lont laughed beside him.

"It seems that he's doing fine, Mistress," Oliver said from his perch. "William is not as fragile as you think he is."

"Of course he's not fragile," Celine replied. "Make sure to watch over him from time to time."

"As you wish, Mistress." Oliver nodded his head.

Both of them knew that without his Magic Power, William would have to rely on his physical abilities in order to overcome the dangers that he would face over the next five years of his life.

This was why Celine wanted Oliver to raise William's resistances to Poisons, Curses, and Dark Magic. Although Dark Magic was banned in the Southern Continent. That didn't mean that the Dark Mages had holed themselves up underground.



Many still walked among the populace and used their magic in subtle ways. She hoped that her one and only disciple would become strong. Not only for his sake, but for hers as well.


Chapter 92

"Two hundred thirty two… two hundred thirty three," Theo said as he counted. "two hundred thirty four."

William gritted his teeth as he finished another push up. Theo was sitting on his back as the sun slowly rose from the East. It had been two months since William had started his training under Owen's tutelage and the desired changes in his body were starting to take place.

The red-headed boy looked at the rising sun for a brief moment before he resumed his morning training.

"Two hundred fifty." Theo grinned. "Morning quota reached. Good job, Will."

"Theo, is it just me or have you become heavier as of late?" William asked as his friend slid off from his back.

"It's just you," Theo replied as he stretched his arms and waist. "Now, go. Don't keep Owen waiting."

William shook his head helplessly as he waved his friend goodbye.

"Mama, Let's go."

"Meeeeeh!"

Ella, who was lying not far away from William, stood up and ran beside him. The two of them sprinted towards the Ourobro that was guarding the main gate of Lont.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

Currently, the bracers on his wrists weighed 70 kg (154 lbs) each, but that didn't stop William from running to his destination at full speed. Owen had taught him a lot over the past two months and that included some breathing exercises that helped him preserve his strength.

When he neared the Ourobro, he found Owen drinking a cup of coffee as he sat waiting for William.

"Done with your routine?" Owen asked.

"Yes," William replied as he sat opposite him.

The young boy then piled up some sausages and eggs onto his plate and started to eat his breakfast. Owen continued to drink his coffee as he stared towards the East. "It has only been two months, but you've managed to get used to the training bracers on your wrists."

William listened to Owen's words and felt proud of his accomplishments. It had not been easy. Everyday he felt as if he was carrying a full-grown bull on his shoulders. Owen had seen his progress and was quite satisfied with his performance.

"Since you have already passed the basic requirements of a fighter, it is time for you to take your training to the next stage," Owen stated as he placed the empty coffee cup on top of the table. "After you finish your breakfast, go to the center of the Silent Forest. Your next instructor is waiting for you there."

"Um?" William raised his head to look at Owen. "You're not the one that is going to train me?"

Owen smirked. "I don't have a lot of free time to train a brat like you. Your grandpa only asked me to help build your stamina and prepare your body for the training that was to come."



William frowned, but he still nodded his head. "Who is going to be my new instructor?"

"Someone who is stricter than me," Owen replied. "He's a man of few words, but his skill is the real deal. You better be careful, William. That person doesn't know the meaning of holding back."

William nodded his head. "Thank you, Owen, for everything."

"You can thank me by getting stronger," Owen smiled. "I am getting old. It's time for the new generation to step up and carry our burdens."

"What kind of burdens?" William asked in curiosity.

"The burden of satisfying the beautiful young ladies of course." Owen looked at William as if he was looking at someone stupid. "Why did you think I trained you to raise your stamina? It would be embarrassing if you are one of those quick shots who can't even hold it in for five seconds."

William spat out milk he was drinking and started coughing. The red-headed boy completely forgot that Owen was someone who liked to boast about his prowess in love-making. He felt bitter at the thought that the old man only trained him in order to not become a quickshot.

"It was just a joke," Owen chuckled. "But, I was not joking about your next instructor. Be careful, William. You might just accidentally die if you don't pay attention to your surroundings."

William wiped his mouth with a handkerchief before standing up from his chair. "I'm off. Once again, thank you for everything."



William bowed to show his respect for the Life Magus who had trained him for two months. Although it was short, Owen did a good job in strengthening his body through rigorous training.

"Go." Owen shooed him away with a hand. "Don't keep him waiting. Also, Ella, stay here. You're not allowed to accompany William."

"Meeeeeh?"

"You should also start your training. Don't you want to protect William?"

"Meeeeeh!"

"Good." Owen stood up. "Follow me."

Ella nuzzled William, and the latter gave her a brief hug before the two of them parted ways. There was no need to exchange any words between the two of them. Both of them wanted to become strong, and this was the perfect opportunity to do that.

The Silent Forest was located two miles away from the South of Lont. Like the name suggested, the forest was eerily silent. You could not hear the sound of birds, beasts, or even insects from within this forest. It was a forest devoid of living things with the exception of plants and trees.

William had been here once in the past when James took him to look for special herbs. Although this forest had no living animals and insects within, it was rich in flora and was a good place to look for rare herbs that grew in the wild.



Owen had told him that his instructor was waiting for him at the center of the forest, so William thought that he just needed to head to the clearing that the locals of Lont refer to as "Hoia".

Along the way, the only sound that William heard was his own footsteps. For some reason, it unnerved him.

Then it happened…

The whistling of wind whispered in William's ears. A few seconds later he felt a searing pain hit his back. He staggered forward and almost dropped to the ground when another whistling sound reached his ears.

William didn't know what was happening, but his body moved on reflex and dodged to the side. It was at that moment when he saw an arrow passing mere inches from his left shoulder. The arrow hit the tree trunk before bouncing off a few meters away from him.

One quick glance and William recognized it as a blunt arrow usually used for hunting small game like rabbits and squirrels.

Before William could even understand what was happening, more whistling sounds echoed through the forest.

The red-headed boy immediately hid behind a tree as several blunt arrows harmlessly bounced off its bark.

"Who are you?!" William roared. "Why are you attacking me?! Are you my new instructor?"



William perked his ears to listen to a reply, however, none came. Instead, he heard another whistle, but this time, it sounded different.

The shepherd didn't dare to move from his hiding place because he thought that he was safe as long as he stayed in place.

What happened next proved him wrong.

A loud clap was heard as the tree that William used as a shield exploded before his eyes. A shockwave formed and it sent the young boy slamming into another tree without knowing what happened.

William felt his entire body aching, but his instinct screamed at him to run. He immediately activated his movement technique, Heavenly Phantasm, that he learned from the Disciple of Thunder.

The shepherd planned to leave the forest in order to escape from whoever it was that was attacking him. However, the attacker, hidden in the shadows, didn't allow him to have his way.

Several explosions that almost tore William in half prevented him from realizing his goal. Left with no other choice, William changed directions and ran towards the center of the forest where his "instructor" would be waiting for him.

On that day, the Silence of the Forest was broken as William ran for his life. Whenever he heard any kind of sound--be it a whistle or a subtle hiss--he would immediately zigzag between the trees in an attempt to use them as shields.

As William drew closer to his destination, the more intense his feeling of dread became. It was as if he was still inside the Trial of Courage and he was fighting against the Cyclops on his own. Only this time, without his powers.



The young boy didn't understand why he was feeling this way. He clearly knew that his opponent was a human and yet, it felt as if he was facing off against a Millennial Beast that specialized in long range attacks.

Usually, it only took two hours on foot to reach the center of the forest. However, several hours had passed, and yet, William had still not reached his destination. More like, he had lost his sense of direction because of the consecutive attacks that forced him to evade repeatedly.

Without knowing which way was which, William was forced into a battle of attrition against his unknown assailant. However, in this battle, the shepherd was on the losing side.

Due to his current situation, he was forced to use his physical abilities to their limits. He ran, he jumped, he dodged, he rolled, he did everything in his power to prevent himself from getting hit by the arrows that seemed to have a life on their own.

Finally, everything became dark as the sun set in the West. William was very exhausted, and hungry. The sound of his stomach growling echoed in the forest. He didn't had any time to take a break to eat anything. the only thing he managed to do was to drink some water from the water flask inside his storage ring.

In order to avoid getting hit, William had focused all his concentration on his sense of hearing, and didn't care of anything else aside from evading the merciless attacks that came from various directions.

Before he knew it, he collapsed on the ground panting. His body had finally reached its limit. He tried to prop himself off the ground, but his body refused to move. It was then when William heard the familiar sound of the whistling wind and then… darkness descended upon him as he lost consciousness.


Chapter 93

When William opened his eyes, he found himself in the same place where he lost consciousness. The only difference was that there was a leather sack bag a meter away from his face.

The young boy gingerly moved his aching body as he forced himself to a sitting position. When he opened the leather sack, he found a water flask, beef jerky, and a small bottle of recovery potion.

William wolfed down the beef jerky with a vengeance. He was starving and he ate the jerky as if it was the most delicious thing in the world. When he was done eating, he drank half the water from the flask.

The young boy allowed himself to relax for a few minutes before drinking the recovery potion to ease the pain in his body.

'I'd better find a place to stay for the night,' William thought as he scanned his surroundings. It was not hard to find a place to rest, but the boy was worried that his "unknown enemy" would attack him during the night.

The red-headed boy shuddered at that possibility. William was not stupid. When he saw the leather sack, he knew that the one who attacked him was the one responsible for the next stage of his training.

'If it was the me from two months ago, I might have not lasted ten minutes,' William mused as he searched for a good place to pass the night. He finally understood how important stamina was during a fight of attrition.

'Owen's training was to increase my stamina,' William pondered. 'Then what is the purpose of this training?'

William thought long and hard, but the only reason he could think of was that he was being trained to enhance his senses in order to react to dangerous situations.

William had only taken ten steps from where he lay when something hit his head and made him lose consciousness once again.



A man wearing ranger's clothing stepped out from the darkness and picked up the leather sack that William had dropped. He gave the unconscious boy a side-long glance before walking away with an indifferent expression.

'Sht!' William cursed internally.

It was the second day since he had entered the forest and his situation had not improved. In fact, it even became worse. He had just finished drinking water after waking up and a barely audible hisses pierced the stillness of the Silent Forest.

Several arrows flew from different directions and they were all aimed at him! William activated his movement speed and dodged left, right, and center, but the arrows kept on hounding him. This time, the arrows were literally hounding him like homing missiles.

No matter how he dodged, they kept on coming back!

'Fck!' William cursed for the umpteenth time as he summoned his staff to help deflect the arrows.

His Parry Skill activated and deflected some of them, but he was pushed back every time he did it. The arrows were surprisingly sturdy and seemed to be made from a very hard metal. If he was not gripping his staff tightly, it might have already flown out of his grasp.

Another day of cat and mouse ensued and it only eased up when the sun was at its peak. William almost collapsed from exhaustion due to lack of food and water. It seemed that the cat had left the mouse to allow it to get something to eat and drink.

William gritted his teeth as he climbed a tree to pick some fruits from its branches.



'If the Second Master can see me right now, he might start calling me a monkey,' William thought as he snagged a few fruits to serve as his lunch.'

Somewhere in Celine's house…

Oliver sneezed while seated on his perch.

"That little monkey William must be thinking of me," Oliver muttered. "I hope he's suffering right now."

The Parrot Monkey closed his eyes and returned to his nap. Celine had already been notified by Owen that William was undertaking intense survival training in the Silent Forest. Oliver was quite tempted to join the fun, but Celine forbade him.

He could only grudgingly obey his Mistress' order while praying that William's suffering would intensify with each passing day.

A month passed, and a ragged wild boy, who was covered in dirt from head to toe, jumped along the branches of the trees in order to escape the hunter that had been harassing him all this time.

Aside from the constant harassment, William was also suffering from the constant ringing sounds in his ears. These sounds would often haunt him when the deafening silence descends after his attacker stops his assault.

Before, he thought that Owen's training had been harsh, but it couldn't compare to what he was experiencing right now. Aside from eating twice a day, and getting forcefully knocked out at night, his day revolved around trying to escape whoever was bullying him.



There were times when he had enough and instead of running away he charged in the direction where the arrows were coming from. However, each time he did it, he was unable to find his assailant.

There were even days when he just wanted to call it quits and just allowed himself to get hit by the arrows, but that didn't help him either. The blunt arrows were coated by a very powerful drug that caused excruciating pain. The pain was so intense that he felt like dying.

After experiencing it once, William didn't allow himself to get hit even once and just focused on running away.

Another whistling sound reached his ears, but this time, William didn't panic. He stepped to the side and allowed the arrow to pass harmlessly in front of him. More arrows flew in his direction, but William calmly dealt with them all. Those he could dodge, he dodged. Those he couldn't, he deflected them with his wooden staff.

In that one month of hell, William's sensory perception had reached a high level. His Sixth Sense, that warned him of danger, had also been heightened to an incredible extent. Sometimes, his hidden assailant would fire arrows that emitted no sound.

That is when William's Sixth Sense would kick in and tell him that a hidden danger was approaching.

When the sun was about to set, William successfully deflected a silent arrow that was aimed at his head. After that, no more arrows flew in his direction. Instead a loud thump was heard on the ground three meters away from him.

The steel arrow that was stuck on the ground was a real arrow and not a blunt one. On its shaft, a piece of paper was tied. William didn't pick the arrow right away, instead, he let his senses scan the surroundings to make sure that this was not another ploy from his hidden adversary.

After making sure that there was no danger in his surroundings, William picked up the arrow and took out the written letter. After reading its contents, William sighed and sat beside a tree to rest.



Soon, a loud snoring sound echoed inside the forest. William slept deeply without a care in the world.

A thousand meters away from the sleeping boy's location, a man stood on top of a tree branch. He was none other than Trent, the Sentinel of Lont.

He was in charge of William's Perception Training.

The Silent Forest was not a simple forest. It was the most appropriate place to train someone's perception. People thought that absolute silence didn't have a sound, but they were dead wrong in their assumption.

When you were in a place that is totally deprived of sound, you experience an ear deafening silence. Your ears would start to hurt because you would experience "Phantom Noises". Ringing sounds that wouldn't go away and would haunt your every waking second.

In William's former world, these sounds were associated with tinnitus.

Just like William's stamina training, the Perception Training also trained a person's willpower.

Trent took his leave because his mission was over. It was now time for William to begin his Martial Arts Training under another one of the experts of Lont.

Dwayne, the monk that held the profession Drunken Executioner, sipped his alcohol from a small wooden bowl. He had seen Trent's arrow flare rise above the canopy of the Silent Forest and knew that William's basic training was over.



The monk sighed in satisfaction after emptying the wooden bowl filled with alcohol.

"So, it's finally my turn," Dwayne said with a sinister smile. "It has been a while since I taught someone Martial Arts. I hope that the Commander's grandson is better than the last student I taught."

Dwayne could still remember that so-called genius that was raised by the monks of his order.

In just a single session, the boy had been crippled and all the elder monks almost went mad in anger. Because of this, Dwayne was excommunicated from the temple and was not allowed to step onto another Holy Ground ever again.

Dwayne didn't get mad at the treatment he received. He even felt liberated because he was sick and tired of being a goody two shoes. He roamed the land doing anything he pleased. Sometimes he would wipe out bandit groups along the way, sometimes he would become the bandit and terrorize the innocent souls who were unlucky enough to cross his path.

That was how he got his nickname, the "Drunken Executioner" because he would always be seen carrying a jug of alcohol with him when he committed these nefarious acts.

He only stopped his rampage because he had encountered James who was guarding the merchant group that he had chosen to attack.

With just a single slap from the old man, Dwayne and his short-lived tyranny came to a complete stop. James was supposed to bring him back to the authorities, but changed his mind halfway there.

Since then, Dwayne had become James' loyal subordinate and followed him like a tail. He was someone who respected the strong, and James was by far the strongest person that he had met in his life.



"Well, since you are Commander's grandson, I guess you will not break that easily," Dwayne muttered as he stared at the alcohol-filled bowl in his hands.

The monk's eyes narrowed as he stared at the Silent Forest in the distance. He had always wondered what it felt like to have a disciple. Dwayne knew that William was already Celine's disciple, so he had already given up taking him in as his own.

However, he was still itching to impart his knowledge to his Commander's grandson. He had a feeling that William was going to accomplish something big in the future, and he wanted to be part of that future.


Chapter 94

William wandered around the Silent Forest in the dead of night. For him, there was not much difference between night and day since he had Dark Vision. His older cousin, Matthew, had taught him how to find the cardinal directions using the stars as a guide. His plan? To go to the center of the forest where he would meet his next instructor.

In time, he arrived at the lake at the center of the forest. The young boy took off his tattered clothes and jumped into the water to clean off the grime that had accumulated on his body.

The Phantom Noises kept ringing on his ears as the deafening silence held him in its embrace. After a month of staying in the forest, William had gotten used to the unbearable silence. However, as a Half-Elf, his sense of hearing was sharper compared to others.

His current condition sometimes made him feel dizzy and nauseous. When he was being hunted by Trent, William had needed a few days to get used to the discomfort. The silence also made him feel unbalanced. It was as if he couldn't move his body properly.

Taking into account the ever increasing weight of the bracelets, William felt that he was always in a state of unbalance.

The young boy sighed as he looked at the stars as he floated on the lake's surface.

'The stars are really different from the ones I saw back on Earth,' William thought. 'Still, this world is beautiful.'

William looked at the two moons that hung in the heavens. The bigger of the two, Ainar, had a bluish color. The other one, Artem, had a light-purple color. According to Matthew, a great war between the Gods of Hestia had ensued when the world was still young.

The battle was so intense that many Gods had fallen, including the Sun God Liane. When the Sun God died, the light of the world vanished and Hestia was enveloped in perpetual darkness.

It was then that the Gods realized their folly. After a truce, the war finally ended. But, the damage was already done.



Years passed and humanity's extinction was at hand. In an attempt to stave off the extinction of mankind, the twin Goddesses, Ainar, and Artem, sacrificed themselves in order to end the Dark Era of mankind.

The two beautiful moons bathed the world with its soft light and with it, the humans gained the power to fight back. A few years later, the new God of the Sun, Felix, was born. His light pierced the darkness of the night and illuminated the land with his radiance.

These three Gods watched over mankind. One during the day, two during the night. That was how the Dark Era ended, and humanity flourished once again.

William sighed as he remembered the Gods that had given him their blessing. Gavin, Issei, Lily, and David.

As if waiting for that cue, he received a notification from the system.

< Ding! >

< Congratulations! Host has received a 90% discount coupon! >

< This coupon will give you a 90% discount on any item from the God Shop! >

< Ding! >



< Special Quest Acquired! >

< Special Quest: Birth of a Warrior [1] >

-- This is a Chain Quest. The next Quest will appear after the host clears the quest's condition.

< Complete the Basic Training for one Job Class >

< Reward: 1000 God Points >

'Special Quest?' William frowned. It took him a few minutes to remember that he had indeed gained this new function after meeting the Gods and clearing the Trial of Courage.

William opened the God Shop and saw countless items for sale. It was very similar to an online shopping site where you could order anything and have it delivered straight to your doorstep with a click of a button.

For a brief moment, the ringing in his ears disappeared followed by a sense of excitement. He spent the night browsing the God Shop in search of items that would prove useful for his journey through this new world of Hestia.

Dwayne arrived at the clearing and saw a sleeping William beside the lake. The boy had drool spilling from the corner of his lips, which made the monk chuckle. He walked towards the unsuspecting boy, and was about to kick him to the lake when William's eyes fluttered open.



The red-headed boy rolled to the side and immediately propped himself from the ground. He then summoned his wooden staff and took on a defensive position.

Dwayne nodded his head in appreciation as he gazed at the boy who was looking at him with vigilance. "Trent's training wasn't wasted on you."

The monk eyed William and gauged his current strength. 'His stamina is at the silver rank, and his perception awareness is at least in the initial stages of the Gold Rank. Not bad for a ten-year-old.'

Dwayne took a step forward, and William jumped back. The shepherd looked at the monk vigilantly and prepared himself to run away at the first sign of danger.

"Relax, I'm not here to hurt you," Dwayne raised both of his hands in surrender. 'At least not yet.'

William still didn't lower his guard. He recognized Wayne. He was one of his Grandpa's trusted men, but he wasn't close to him. The young boy's instinct was telling him that this person was very dangerous.

"Let me formally introduce myself. The name is Dwayne," Dwayne said with a smile. "I am here to teach you the basics of Martial Arts. I hope the two of us get along."

"William," William replied hoarsely. "I look forward to your teaching."

Dwayne nodded his head. "Now, for our first lesson, put away that stick in your hand. You won't be needing it. What I will be teaching you is unarmed combat. That means that you don't need any weapons. I will train your body to become a weapon."



William reluctantly returned the staff to his storage ring, but he didn't lower his guard. He had become a bit paranoid due to the relentless attacks he'd suffered for an entire month.

"Ok, since we've finished our introductions, you will start calling me Master from now on," Dwayne stated.

"But, I already have a Master."

"Then you can call me Second Master."

"... I already have a Second Master," William replied in an awkward manner. Oliver, the Parrot Monkey had told him to call him Second Master during their training, and the Half-Elf had already gotten used to calling Oliver that.

Dwayne waved his hand as if it was not a big deal. "Then just call me Third Master. What I am about to teach you is the secret arts of my Sect. I mean, the secret art of my Ex-Sect."

Despite Dwayne having been excommunicated from the sect, he had already mastered everything he needed to learn while he was at the Monk Temple.

William frowned, but still nodded his head. Oliver had already explained to him that there were times when a single disciple had several masters. This was not uncommon in Hestia. Also, Celine knew that William would only be restricted if she prevented him from studying from the Master's in Lont.

With the ability to learn any kind of Profession, it was inevitable that William would have several Masters in order to guide him along the right path.



"William greets Third Master," William placed his hand over his chest and bowed.

"Good!" Dwayne laughed as he approached the boy. "Don't worry. I'll make sure that you won't regret calling me your Master."

And so, William's Monk Training started.

Dwayne had jokingly told him that he should shave his head according to custom. However, William adamantly rejected this idea. He really liked his hair and didn't want to be bald like Dwayne.

"Okay, I want to assess your current level in martial combat," Dwayne stood ten meters away from William. "Come at me and don't hold back."

William roared and charged at Dwayne using his movement technique. He circled around the monk and used his speed to his advantage. True to his word, the monk stood completely still and waited for William to initiate his attack.

Seeing that the monk had no openings, William decided to take a chance and attacked the side of his body with a roundhouse kick. Surprisingly, Dwayne didn't block nor dodge his attack. His attack landed squarely on the monk's waist.

Dwayne glanced at William and frowned. "Um, is that your strongest attack?"

"Yes," William replied. He looked at the monk to gauge whether or not he was just enduring the pain in his body. Although William wasn't that strong, his kick was strong enough to send a goblin skidding across the ground a few meters.



"Hah~ this won't do," Dwayne scratched his bald head. "You're too weak. Your attack is inefficient and there are so many wasted movements. This won't do. I need to really teach you the basics."

William felt that he was a failure after seeing the monk's disappointed face. What he didn't know was that this was the strategy that Dwayne had cooked up in order for William to take him seriously.

"Don't worry. By the time I'm done with your training, you won't even recognize yourself," Dwayne assured him. "Now, let's begin. First I will show you how to throw a proper punch. I will demonstrate it first. Make sure to watch me closely."

William narrowed his eyes and focused all of his attention on Dwayne's posture. Seeing that the boy was observing his movement, the monk unleashed a simple punch.

The monk's punch was slow enough for William to observe. He could tell that his new Master had limited himself in order to teach him the proper form of a punch.

Suddenly a loud explosion reverberated from the center of the lake. The water exploded and William was drenched by the drizzle it created.

"Now, it's your turn," Dwayne grinned. "The first thing we will need to train is your flexibility."

"Flexibility?" William asked in confusion. "Not punching?"

William was dumbfounded by his new Master's way of teaching. After showing him such an awesome punch, the red-headed boy was itching to practice punching like him. What he didn't know was that this was another scheme that Dwayne had cooked up in order for William to get invested in Monk Training.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

"Why should we train with punching when you punch like a little girl?" Dwayne looked at him as if he was stupid. "Let's start first with the basics. Flexibility and balance training. We can move to punching after you master the drills I will be giving you."


Chapter 95

William gritted his teeth as he stood on two wooden poles in the horse stance position while supporting a log in his hands. He had been in this position for five hours, and sweat was oozing out of his body.

At first, he thought that this training was going to be easy, but facts showed that it was harder than he thought it would be.

Dwayne was seated not far away from him drinking alcohol out of a wooden bowl. A spear protruded on the ground and was aimed at William's "little brother". The moment he broke his stance, or lowered his body, Little William was going to get pierced by the spear and the red-headed boy had no intention of becoming a eunuch.

Because of this, he gritted his teeth and focused his concentration on his balance. With each day that passed, the weight of the log increased. Tears streamed down William's face as he endured each day of his training. He still wanted to have a girlfriend, so losing Little William here was not an option!

After three weeks, Dwayne thought that it was about time to move to the next phase of his training.

The red-headed boy thought that his torture was over, but another round took its place. The monk ordered William to crawl twenty laps around the lake while he sat on his back. After yet another week, Dwayne changed his training routine again. This time he was told to do splits.

William thought that he would just be doing splits on the ground, but Dwayne said that what he was thinking was for girls. The monk dragged William to the familiar wooden poles and asked him to do a split using the poles as support.

"T-Third Master, c-can you remove the spear?" Cold sweat dripped from William's forehead as Dwayne placed the spear under his little brother. "Must we do it like this?"

"It's fine," Dwayne assured him. "Don't worry. If your little brother gets stabbed, I will take you and run to Lont to have Owen take a look. Everything will be fine… probably."

'%$%#&$!' William cursed the bald monk internally. If Little William was injured and was unable to recover, he was prepared to fight Dwayne to his dying breath.



Two months of training passed and William felt his body became more flexible with each passing day. Today, he was told to do ten laps around the lake while doing back flips. After he finished doing the flips, Dwayne told him to do 1 lap doing head flips.

William looked at his Master with the "Are you kidding me?" and the latter gave him the "Do I look like I'm kidding you?" stare.

Dwayne asked him to do it with his palms pressed together while crouching. William had never thought that there would be a day in his life where he would literally use his head to travel.

The monk chuckled as he watched his new disciple do head flips while leaning against a tree.

More days passed as William suffered incredible torture under the hands of the Monk.

Four months after he accepted Dwayne as his Master, William found himself staring at a steel barrel that was usually used to store wine.

His Third Master explained that the steel barrel was an artifact that could produce ice-cold water. William thought that his Master was going to ask him to go inside the tub to do some endurance training, but Dwayne's next order made him look at the barrel seriously.

"I want you to punch the water ten thousand times," Dwayne ordered. "You will not eat, drink, or sleep until you finish your quota. You can start now."

William felt a bit more confident with this training because it was just throwing a punch. However, it didn't take him long to realize that Dwayne would never ask him to do anything simple.



As he continued to punch the ice cold water, he could feel his hands going numb. Half a day later, he could no longer feel his hands, but a searing pain was starting to replace the numbness.

When William finished his quota, Dwayne observed his hands with an indifferent expression. The next day, the same training took place, this continued for four consecutive days before Dwayne changed the training routine once again.

Instead of punching water, William was asked to punch the ground ten thousand times.

William punched, and punched, and punched, until he could punch no more.

Just like the boy expected, the day ended with him having bloody hands. He didn't complain even though he could tell that some of his fingers had broken.

"Mmm, I thought you'd quit half way," Dwayne said as he looked at his temporary disciple's bloody hands. He then took out a red potion from his storage ring and sprinkled half of it on William's hands. "Drink the rest then eat dinner. We will resume your training tomorrow."

This training continued for a week before the monk took William out of the forest. The monk and the boy headed to the nearest mountain in Lont, the locals called this place Woodlow Mountain.

The rocky mountains were filled with giant boulders. The two walked casually until they came upon a boulder that was over five meters tall.

Just like Williame expected, Dwayne asked him to punch the boulder. This time, he didn't give him a quota. Instead, the monk told him to punch the boulder until sunset.



William obeyed and punched the boulder using the monk strikes that Dwayne had imparted to him when he started his punching training.

< Gained Exp: 5 >

< Gained Exp: 5 >

< Gained Exp: 5 >

< Gained Exp: 5 >

The reason why William endured punching the ground, and punching the boulder was because he realized that he could gain experience points while doing these training exercises if he used the appropriate Job Class for it.

The one who gave him this advice was the system, and William became more motivated with each punch he delivered. He no longer cared if he bled, or broke his bones, because he knew that Dwayne wouldn't allow him to become crippled.

Besides, his fists were now stronger compared to when he started his training. William was sure that he would gain a lot of experience points before they passed their breaking point.

The first few experience points he gained were all allocated to the skill Unarmed Mastery.



< Unarmed Mastery 10 / 10 >

-- You are skilled at fighting while unarmed.

-- Adds +20 Enhancement Bonus to Strength

-- Increase Unarmed damage by 20%

Of course, as William gained more experience points, his list of passive abilities for the monk class also increased.

< Stunning Fist 10 / 10 >

-- Adds +10 Enhancement Bonus to Dexterity

-- Each unarmed strike has a 5% chance to stun your opponent.

< Crane Stance Mastery 5 / 5 >



-- While using this style you gain +10 Enhancement Bonus on Vitality.

-- You mimic the stance of a crane. Holding your arms in an imitation of a crane's wings and using flowing, defensive motions that are perfect for counter-attacking your enemy.

-- Allows you to move fluidly within three square meters from where you stood.

< Deflect Range Attacks 5 / 5 >

-- Gives you a 30% chance to deflect projectile attacks aimed at you.

-- The chances of deflection lowers by 1% for each projectile aimed at you.

< Diamond Fist >

(Needs 10 Skill Points to unlock)

-- Makes your fists as hard as diamonds when doing Unarmed Strike.



< Overwhelming Strike >

(Needs 5 Skill Points to unlock)

-- Once a day you can deliver one full-powered unarmed strike that contains all of your strength.

-- Damage dealt is equivalent to your Strength Stat multiplied by 20.

Even though it was painful, William endured and kept on pummeling the boulder as if his life depended on it. He was using the Crane Stance in order to allow his body to adapt to the fighting style.

Just like the System said, warriors grew strong through repetition. With every perfect punch he delivered, William's technique was slowly being refined. Even Dwayne, who was observing from a distance, couldn't believe that William managed to get this far only after a few months of training.


Chapter 96

'I knew I was a good instructor!' Dwayne praised himself. 'That so-called genius brat from the temple only became crippled because he was not good enough. This brat is the real deal!'

Dwayne felt very smug because of how much William had improved since he began his Martial Arts training. He was even very tempted to negotiate with Celine to have William be an official disciple to both of them.

'I'll ask her when we return to Lont,' Dwayne mused. 'I can't wait to take this brat to the Temple and let him faceoff against those so-called wannabee prodigies. My fists are itching just thinking about it.'

After William has completed his punching training, the monk then taught him his very own kicking techniques. The red-headed boy's determination to learn Martial Arts was pushing him to take each of Dwayne's lessons seriously.

Dwayne was in such a good mood that after William mastered his kicking techniques, he also taught him some sneaky palm strikes that were highly effective in close combat.

After finishing William's basic training, he taught him the Monkey Staff Martial Style as a freebie.

This technique looked like one was clowning around and only trying to provide a means of entertainment. However, when put to the test, it allowed William to do stunts with his wooden staff that could deal serious injury to his enemies when they least expected it.

"Hah!" With a shout, William used a side kick in order to break Dwayne's balance. However, the latter simply used his foot to neutralize the boy's attack.

Pressing both of his palms on the ground, William unleashed a flurry of kicks that forced Dwayne to back off.

When William completed his training regimen, Dwayne decided that the boy was now ready for actual combat. Using several artifacts to lower his rank and physical prowess, Dwayne sparred with William to develop his disciple's battle sense.



Right now, Dwayne's physical strength was in the initial stages of the Silver Rank. Ironically, William's combat prowess was already in the initial stages of the Gold Rank. Although William was a realm higher than Dwayne in their duel, the boy lacked Dwayne's battle experience to get the upper hand.

With a simple palm strike, Dwayne sent William flying a few meters from where he stood. He didn't do any follow up attacks and waited for the boy to recover his bearings.

"The Crane Style is a defensive style, not an offensive one," Dwayne reminded. "Although it can be used offensively, when dealing with a foe stronger than you, it would be best to stick to what the style is capable of."

"Yes, Third Master," William replied as he executed the Crane Stance. "I will remember your teachings."

Dwayne smiled and took the role of the aggressor. The two once again collided in a flurry of punches, kicks, and palm strikes. William got pushed back again and again, but he would always stand up each time he fell.

As days turned into weeks, and weeks turned into months, William's battle style had finally taken form. Dwayne felt proud because the young boy had surpassed his expectations. It made him realize that having a disciple wasn't such a bad idea.

The only problem was, there were not many children who were as capable as William.

'I hope Celine will agree to my request,' Dwayne sighed. 'Maybe I can bribe her with artifacts or treasures. I really want William to become my official disciple. It's not unheard of for a disciple to have two, or even several, masters.'

While Dwayne was deep in his thoughts, William was currently doing a lap around the lake using handstands. If Oliver were to see him, he would definitely tease the young boy and call him a monkey.



A year passed as William studied under Dwayne's tutelage. The monk was very satisfied with his temporary disciple's performance. If not for the fact that the boy needed to do other kinds of training, he would have insisted that he stay with him in order to learn higher forms of Martial Arts.

Right now, William's battle prowess in unarmed combat was Gold Ranked. What Dwayne didn't know was that in that one-year of intensive training, William had reached the max level of his Monk Job Class.

William managed to achieve this feat through pain and suffering. Even during his rest period, he would continue to punch boulders. If there were no boulders to punch, he would punch the ground.

Sadly, he was not able to ascend the Monk Job Class to the next level because there was a requirement. William needed to visit a Monk Temple and offer a prayer to the Gods before this Job Class could be upgraded.

Dwayne didn't skimp on William's combat training and the two sparred almost every day after William had mastered his fighting style to a passable grade. Because of the constant one-sided beating he received from Dwayne, the red-headed boy's battle sense had improved by leaps and bounds.

Owen had helped him to increase his stamina.

Trent had taught him to enhance his perception.

And Dwayne taught him Martial Arts which combined everything that he had learned in a fighting style that suited him.

"Although you have only been my disciple for a short period of time, I'm very proud of you," Dwayne said with a smile as he patted William's shoulder. "Our lessons end here. It's time for you to go to the next part of your training."



"Thank you, Third Master," William replied and gave Dwayne a deep bow of gratitude. He, too, felt reluctant to stop his training with the Bald Monk because he could feel that he still had a lot to learn.

Even so, he knew that this was the curse of the Jack of All Trades. He could never focus on one class alone if he wished to increase his repertoire.

"Let's go back to Lont," Dwayne grinned. "Your next instructor said that you can have two days off before you start your archery training."

William returned his Master's grin as he nodded his head in acknowledgement. The boy looked in the direction of Lont with anticipation. He was looking forward to the next set of training that was waiting for him.


Chapter 97

"Call me, Big Brother," William said slowly. "B-i-g B-r-o-t-h-e-r."

"Call me Grandpa," James coaxed. "G-r-a-n-d-p-a"

Instead of an answer, what the young boy and the old man heard was the gurgle of a baby.

"Did you hear that, Gramps?" William asked with a smug expression. "Eve called me Brother."

"No, you numbskull," James refuted. "Clearly, she said Grandpa."

"It's Brother."

"Grandpa."

"Alright, don't fight," Anna said in exasperation. "You're going to scare Eve if the two of you continue this argument."

Anna was cradling a baby girl in her arms as she admonished William and James. She had given birth while William was doing his training, and this was the first time the young boy was seeing his cousin.

William was very good at handling babies because this was one of his duties at the orphanage. Seeing his cousin's adorable blue eyes looking up at him, the young boy felt that his heart was melting.



"Aunt, can I hold Eve?" William pleaded. "I promise I'll be careful."

"Do you know how to hold a baby?" Anna inquired.

"Yes."

"Okay. it is good that she gets to know her cousin as early as possible."

When Anna passed Eve to William, the little girl's face scrunched up like it was about to cry. Fortunately, the red-headed boy had already anticipated this scenario and lightly rocked the baby in his arms while humming a tune.

Eve looked up at her older cousin and started making gurgling sounds. William wasn't able to stop himself from kissing the baby on her forehead. He then lightly swayed from side to side as he continued humming a tune.

Soon, Eve was fast asleep in William's embrace which surprised Anna and James.

"I didn't know that you were so good at handling babies," Anna said with a smile.

William only returned the smile as he handed Eve back to his Aunt. He couldn't possibly tell her that he had a lifetime's worth of experience when it comes to handling babies and little children.



"I'll come back again to play with you after I finish my training, Eve." William kissed the baby's cheek before bidding his Grandpa and Aunt goodbye.

Today was the day where he would meet his next instructor and he was told to go to the valley where the goats usually went to graze.

When he arrived at his destination, a familiar scene appeared in front of his eyes. Hundreds of sheep and goats grazed within the pasture as the Shepherds watched over them. His gaze automatically sought out his herd, but he didn't see any of them.

They were not around in their usual place, and William couldn't find them anywhere.

"Are you looking for your herd?" John approached him with a smile.

"Yes," William answered. "Uncle John, where are they?"

"They are undergoing training right now." John smirked. "So, are you ready to go?"

William nodded his head in understanding. "I look forward to our lessons, Uncle John."

"Me, too." John chuckled as he patted William's shoulder. He then looked up in the sky where a Hawk could be seen circling around them. "Blitz, let's go."



A sharp screech pierced the air as the Hawk grew in size and flew towards the ground.

"Hang on tight," John said as he grabbed William's waist and jumped into the air.

They landed perfectly on the Hawk's back. William had never ridden a flying beast before and it made him feel slightly anxious. Seeing his reaction, John didn't say anything and simply supported the young boy's body as the Hawk flapped its powerful wings to fly high into the sky.

"Do you know what your next lesson is?" John asked in a teasing tone.

"No," William answered nervously. "Does it have something to do with flying?"

"Well, not exactly. It's more about 'falling'." John grinned.

William's body shuddered and he immediately clung to John's body like a leech that was unwilling to let go.

John laughed as he patted the boy's head. "I was just joking. It was just a joke."

"Uncle, please don't make those kinds of jokes," William pleaded.



John nodded and didn't say anything else along their journey. The two traveled for an hour before Blitz landed in a place that William had never visited before. The place somehow reminded him of the Silent Forest, but there was one big difference.

This place was teeming with life and the roars of various beasts could be heard from within the forest.

"Uncle John, where are we?" William asked. The vast expanse of forest was making him uneasy. Due to his perception training, he could tell that the forest in front of them was a very dangerous place to be.

"This is the outer perimeter of the Strathmore Forest," John answered. "It is the entrance to one of the Forbidden Lands in the Southern Continent."

"Strathmore Forest? Wait! Don't tell me this place is…" William looked at John in shock. He might not have come to this place, but he had heard many stories about it.

Strathmore Forest, the Forbidden Land that was located in the Southern Continent, and was said to house one of the handful of Calamity Class Beasts in the entire world. This Beast that had lived for Thousands of years had already stepped into the ranks of DemiGods. It was none other than the home of the Nightmare Behemoth, Qiong Qi.

(A/N: Read it as Ki Yong Ki.)

"Relax, we are only at the outside perimeter," John stated. "The Strathmore Forest extends for hundreds of miles and the Big Boss is located at the farthest end. He wouldn't be so bored as to find trouble with two little ants like us. Besides, only those below the age of twenty can enter the Forbidden Lands."

"Uncle John, I'm only eleven years old."



"I know."

"... Can I go home now?"

"Of course not," John firmly gripped William's shoulder. "Don't worry, we won't be going to the depths of the forest. We'll just play at the outer perimeter. Aren't you excited?"

"Yaaaay. I'm so excited." William said in a sarcastic tone.

John chuckled and took out a small bow and a quiver filled with arrows from his storage ring and handed it to William.

"Have you used a bow before?" John asked.

"No," William replied.

"The reason why I brought you here is to teach you archery," John explained. "Bear in mind that we will not leave here until I am satisfied with your performance. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes." William nodded his head. To be honest, he had always wanted to learn archery. When he was still back on Earth, he would often go near the Archery Club to peek at Belle's archery practice.



Not only was she the number one beauty in the academy, she was also a very talented archer that had won many awards and gold medals from competitions all over the country. William had often thought of joining the archery club in order to be close to her, but his ailment prevented him from doing so.

The image of the black haired beauty made William grip the bow in his hand tightly. Although he wasn't able to learn archery on Earth, it was not too late to learn it on Hestia.

"I like your eyes," John praised as he looked at William's light-green eyes that were burning with determination. "In order to learn archery, you must first learn how to hold the bow.

John demonstrated the proper bow stance using his own bow and showed William the step by step process on how to aim and fire an arrow.

William immediately asked the system to change his subclass to Archer. He had a feeling that he could gain experience points for his Archer Class the way he did for his Monk Class as he continued his training.

A month after John and William arrived at the outskirts of the Strathmore Forest…

*Thunk!*

The sound of an arrow hitting its target echoed in the distance.

The wooden arrow hit the mark that John had painted on a tree that served as William's target practice.

Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience

William had a smug expression on his face as he looked at John in anticipation. "How is it?"

"Disappointing," John replied as he gave the arrow a side-long glance. "Your shooting is a textbook example of how to hit a target."

"Uncle, what's wrong with that?" William was perplexed. "Isn't the objective to hit the target?"

"Indeed. However, you are not using your own ability to hit the target," John frowned. "I don't know how you're doing it, but this is not the right way to learn archery. It's like you're using some kind of cheat and it will not be beneficial for your growth in the long run."

William averted his gaze because he was feeling guilty. John was right, he was using the passive abilities that he had learned while learning how to shoot arrows.

< I agree with John. Using your passive skills will not be beneficial to you in the long run. >

William sighed as he opened his Archer Skill tree to look at the three skills that he had learned during his one month of archery training.

< Precision Aiming 10 / 10 >

-- When you focus your concentration on aiming, your attack becomes very accurate.



-- Adds +10 Enhancement Bonus to Dexterity

< Improved Concentration 1 / 10 >

-- Greatly enhances your concentration when aiming at your targets

-- Adds +2 Enhancement Bonus to Dexterity

< Long Distance Aiming 5 / 5 >

-- Allows you to focus your aim at great distances.

-- Increase range of sight by 250 meters.

-- Requirements: Bow or Crossbow weapons.

After thinking long and hard, William asked the system if he could help him with the current situation.



< Host the solution is really simple. >

'Oh? I'm listening.'

< All we need to do is disable the abilities of the Archer Class. You can still gain experience points as you continue your training, but you will be unable to use the skills under the Archer Skill Tree. >

'Perfect! Let's do that!'

< Understood. >

< Disabling Archer Skill Tree >

< Disabling Successful >

'System, disable the abilities of the Shepherd Job Class as well.'

< Understood. >



< Disabling Shepherd Job Class Successful >

William could feel significant changes in his body due to the loss of the passive skills that increased his stats.

The young boy nocked an arrow on his bow and aimed at the marked target in the distance. This time, he could barely see the target using his normal vision.

When William released the arrow, John noticed significant changes in its trajectory. He was an expert Hunter and the young boy's latest attempt made his eyes widen in surprise. Just like he expected, the arrow landed way off its designated target..

You could even say that it didn't even make it through its target because it landed fifty meters away from the tree.

However, instead of nagging at William, John happily patted the boy's shoulder and gave him a thumbs up.

"Good! Now, take another shot. Remember, practice makes perfect!" John said as he urged William to take another shot.

The boy complied and shot another arrow. Just like his previous attempt, the arrow still fell short from his target. Even so, William had a smile on his face.

Somehow, he felt that with every failed attempt he made, he was getting closer to standing on equal ground with the young lady who had made his heart skip a beat.


Chapter 98

William rolled on the ground as he evaded a wind blade directed in his direction. After regaining his balance, he immediately summoned his bow and took aim. The young boy fired three consecutive arrows in rapid succession towards his target. 

The bird of prey who had shot at William with a wind blade, evaded his attack with swift aerial maneuvers that made William click his tongue in frustration. Three months had passed since he started his training with John, and his proficiency with the bow had reached the peak of the Silver Rank.

The surprising part about all of this was that William wasn't relying on any Job Classes. Instead, he had used everything he had learned from his previous instructors and put it into play. 

Owen's Stamina Training allowed him to hold his ground in a battle of attrition.

Trent's Perception training allowed him to read the trajectory of the opponent's attacks so that he could evade them.

Dwayne's flexibility training gave William an edge on performing difficult stunts for both attack and evasion as he firmly held the bow in his hand. 

A shrill cry reverberated in the sky as Blitz warned him of another incoming danger. Another bird of prey flew from the outskirts of the forest in an attempt to rend William with its claws. It seemed that it was the partner of the other one he was engaging in combat, and the two beasts decided to work together to subdue the boy that they intended to eat for lunch 

< Green Scaled Archaeopteryx >

-- Birds of Prey

-- Threat Level: D (High) 

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

-- Cannot be added to the herd

-- A voracious hunter in the forest, this bird of prey is well-known for its viciousness when hunting for food. 

-- Able to use Wind Magic up to the First Circle

"Blitz!" William shouted and the hawk dove from the sky to answer his call. 

The young boy jumped on the hawk's back and gave the two birds of prey a side-long glance. If it was only a one-on-one battle, William was confident that he could beat it. However, since its backup had arrived, the young boy decided to retreat.

He was not a fool. With his job classes sealed, fighting two Class D Beasts was suicide. With a flap of its mighty wings, the Hawk left the outskirts of the forest and landed near a small camp where its Master, John, was waiting for them.

"How did it go?" John asked.

William shook his head. John had tasked him to look for suitable prey inside the forest for lunch, but he hadn't seen any beast that was easy to deal with so he decided to circle around the outskirts in the hope to find an opponent he could take down.

After an hour of searching, he finally found a horned rabbit digging into the ground. He was about to go for the kill when he was interrupted by the Green Scaled Archaeopteryx. 



Naturally, the horned rabbit was alerted and immediately ran away. William, on the other hand, engaged the bird of prey because he felt that he could beat it. Unfortunately, the Archaeopteryx was one tough cookie. The two battled for a quarter of an hour before its partner came to its aid, leaving William no choice but to retreat.

"I guess we'll be having boiled potatoes for lunch." John grinned as he took out four potatoes from his storage ring. 

William sighed because it was their third day of eating boiled potatoes in a row. Blitz left them in order to hunt for his own lunch. He was the type of bird that didn't like to share his spoils with other people.

"What's wrong?" John asked as he stared at the depressed boy that was sighing beside him. 

"I finally understand how hard it is to hit a moving target," William replied as he gazed at the pot of potatoes over the fire. "It is much easier to hit them when they are standing still."

"If someone were to shoot you with a bow, would you keep still?" John inquired.

"Of course not," William answered. "I don't want to die."

"Correct." John nodded his head. "Naturally, the beasts you are fighting against don't want to die either. However, that's just how the world works. It is either you are the hunter or the prey. These two roles could interchange at any point in time. One minute you are the hunter, the next second you are the hunted."

William knew that John was telling him the truth. It was the same when they fought the Hobgoblin Shaman for the first time. They were the hunters, but they kicked a steel plate. In the end, the tables were turned and the Hobgoblin Shaman almost wiped out their entire party.



"Then, how do you hit moving targets?" William inquired. He was hoping that John could give him some advice.

"Predict where they will move next," John replied. "This is why I asked you to hunt for our food. You need to use your perception and predict your target's next moves. That way, you will be able to land a hit on them."

"Predict…" William frowned. The movements of the Green-Scaled Archaeopteryx were too eratic for him to predict. 

What William didn't know was that aside from archery, John's role was to teach him to read his enemy's body language. All Martial Artists were proficient in this field, but Hunters were the ones who paid extra attention to their targets. 

Hitting your enemy from a distance is no easy feat. It required strong concentration and perception in order to land a hit on your target's body. 

John's Profession was an Aerial Cavalier. He was a hunter that specialized in shooting his targets from the air while riding his mount, Blitz.

The thing that he was proficient in was hunting moving targets. This was why he was able to hold the Strathmore Horned Wolf at bay until James and the others arrived as his backup.

Another month passed and William had gotten used to hunting on the outskirts of the Strathmore Forest. Thanks to John's advice, he was able to hit his target 6 out of 10 tries. Although the hit rate was just barely passable, it was a great improvement in William's archery skills.

He had just killed a Wild Boar when he heard the cries of birds in the forest. William's sixth sense warned him that danger was approaching. The young boy didn't even think twice and ran towards the exit for the forest. 



Although he felt regret for needing to leave the wild boar behind, his life was more important. 

He had just traveled a mere twenty meters when a Black-Winged Panther lunged at him from the side. William had already jumped to his left, but the panther's claws still managed to land a scratch on his chest.

Fortunately, it wasn't too deep, but it still dyed William's clothes with his blood. William looked at his assailant with dread as his appraisal skill identified the creature in front of him.

< Shadow Fang >

-- Winged Black Panther

-- Threat Level: C (Mid)

-- Cannot be added to the herd

-- A panther that liked to stalk its prey from behind before delivering a fatal strike. 

-- Beautiful, yet ferocious, this Beast is a difficult adversary on land and in the sky.



'System unlock my Job Classes now!' William ordered. He knew that now was not the time to withhold his strength because he was fighting against an opponent that was stronger than his Mama Ella in her War Ibex Form.

William wouldn't take his chances against such an opponent. 

< Unsealing Job Classes >

< Seal has been lifted >

< Host's Abilities has been successfully unlocked! >

William felt his body getting lighter and stronger after his abilities were unsealed. 

'System, switch my Sub-Class to Monk.'

William stored his bow inside his storage ring and ran away in haste, he zigzagged through the trees using his movement speed, Heavenly Phantasm. 

The Shadow Fang looked at him in disdain as it jumped from branch to branch in pursuit of its prey. 

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

When the panther was about to jump to the tree near William, the boy kicked the tree bark with all his might splitting the tree in two. The sudden change caught the Panther by surprise as it flapped its wings to adjust its landing.

William chose that opportunity to charge towards the Shadow Fang and deliver the most powerful trump card in his Monk Arsenal which was the "Overwhelming Strike".

< Overwhelming Strike >

-- Once a day you can deliver one full-powered unarmed strike that contains all of your strength.

-- Damage dealt is equivalent to your Strength Stat multiplied by 20. 

-- Knockback Effect

A powerful clap resounded in the forest as William's fist connected with the panther's leg. The panther roared in pain as it was knocked away by William's full powered strike. Its front leg was bent at an unnatural angle which proved that the boy had successfully crippled his attacker.

However, the battle was not over yet. The panther flapped its wings and several feathers flew in William's direction. The wings of the Shadow Fang were as hard as steel and it could use their feathers as range weapons when dealing with its enemy.

William bent his body in an unnatural angle to evade the feathers, which was only possible because of his flexibility. 



After dodging the attack, William ran away because this was his only opportunity to do it. He hoped that the Winged Panther would call it quits and leave him alone.

Sadly, no one heard his prayers as a vengeful roar echoed through the forest. Even though its front leg was crippled, the Shadow Fang could still move its body by flying in the air. 

When William exited the forest, the Shadow Fang was already above him and was prepared to take his life. 

It was then when a loud shriek pierced the sky and Blitz collided with the Winged Panther with its talons poised to strike.

The Shadow Fang was forced to abandon its plan to bite William's head off from his body and turned to clash with the hawk who dared to get in its way.

The Panther and the Hawk engaged in a fight in close combat as they clawed, pecked, swiped, and bit each other in the air. William could only watch the spectacle unfold as the two Beasts fought tooth and nail against each other.

"Stop playing around, Blitz," John said as he appeared beside William. "Don't play with your food."

Blitz cried out reluctantly as it looked at the Panther with a sneer. The Shadow Fang felt that something was wrong, but it still continued to attack the Hawk in front of it.

The Hawk's body grew in size until he was as big as two buses combined. He lashed out his sharp talons against his enemy and left deep gashes on the panther's chest. The Shadow Fang knew that it was in trouble and decided to run away. But, Blitz didn't give it a chance to do that.



The Hawk's talons tore the wings off of the panther's body. The Shadow Fang roared in pain as it crashed to the ground head first. 

Blitz was about to deal the finishing blow when a whistling sound tore through the air. An arrow flew towards the Panther's open jaw and pierced through its head. Seeing that its enemy died before its eyes, the Hawk gave William the "Dafuk are you doing Bro?" stare. Clearly, Blitz didn't like its prey getting "Kill Stealed" by someone else.

Wiliam, on the other hand, had a smug look on his face as he landed the killing blow to the Beast who almost took his life earlier.

< Gained Exp: 10,000 >

"Uncle John, so this is what it's like to predict your enemy's movements," William said with a smug expression. "Everything went according to my plan."

The corner of John's lips twitched as he looked at the shameless boy beside him. 

'Just which part of what happened was part of your plan?!'

This was what Blitz and John wanted to ask the smug-faced boy who was looking at the Panther's corpse with greedy eyes. For a brief moment his gaze reminded them of what James looked like when he was about to rob a bandit's camp of their treasures.


Chapter 99

William was hunting as usual when two Green Scaled Archaeopteryx attacked him from his left and right side. When their sneak attack missed the two birds of prey circled around the boy using their erratic movements with the intention of confusing him.

The red-headed boy calmly nocked an arrow on his bow and pulled the string as far as he could. He didn't even bother to look at the Archaeopteryx that was about to peck him from behind. Instead, he stepped aside and bent his body in an angle that allowed the beast to pass harmlessly by the right side of his body.

It was then when William released the string and the arrow embedded itself on the Archaeopteryx back. The beast cried out in pain, but it didn't last long because another arrow had embedded itself in its head causing it to fall on the ground, dead.

This time, the boy wasn't using a normal arrow. It was a steel arrow forged from the steel wings of the Winged Panther.

The bow in his hand was also different from the one he used in the past. It was a special bow that Barbatos had made for him while he was busy training his archery skills. The difference between his old weapon and his new one was like comparing a flintlock with an automatic shotgun.

The penetrating power of both ammunition and weapons were miles apart. 

The other Archaeopteryx shrieked in anger when it saw that its partner had died. It flapped its wings in a flurry as it shot several wind blades in the boy's direction. William calmly dodged these attacks as he nocked another arrow on his bow.

The boy pulled the string of the bow and grinned evilly. "This is payback for the time the two of you bullied me."

The moment William released the string, the fate of the Archaeopteryx was sealed. The arrow flew straight and true, piercing the beast's head and ending its life. The bird of prey became an easy target because it had lost all reason and attacked the red-headed boy directly due to anger.

"Looks like we're having roasted birds tonight," William muttered as he pressed two fingers over his lips and whistled.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

A shrill screech answered back and Blitz scooped the two corpses off the ground. The Hawk circled one more time and William jumped on its back. Both boy and hawk left the forest and returned to their encampment where John was waiting for them.

"Just seven months and you managed to reach the initial stages of the Gold Rank for archers," John said as he propped his chin with his fingers. "I'm really a good teacher."

"Yes. You are a good teacher, Uncle John." William nodded his head in agreement. 

"Oh? This is a surprise. I thought you're going to say that it's not that I am a good teacher, but that you are just a genius."

"No." William shook his head. "I'm not a genius. I'm just handsome. Get your facts straight, Uncle John."

"You and your narcissism," John covered his face with his hand. "Still, your training ended shorter than my initial estimate. Is it due to you being a Half-Elf? I've heard that they were natural archers, but seeing is believing."

"That's a possibility," William agreed. 

It also surprised him how easy it was for him to learn how to use the bow in such a short period of time. It was as if he was born to hold a bow. 

'Maybe it is due to my Elven Ancestry,' William thought as he added chopped wood to their campfire.



"In any case, we are going to return to Lont tomorrow." John yawned. "Time for you to meet your next instructor."

William smiled and nodded his head. It was at that moment when a familiar notification sound was heard inside his mind.

< Ding! >

< Special Quest "Birth of a Warrior [2] Completed! >

< Reward: 1,000 God Points >

< Ding! >

< Chain Quest Activated >

< Special Quest: Birth of a Warrior [3] >

< Complete the Basic Training for one Job Class >



< Reward: 2,000 God Points >

'Um? 2,000 God Points?' William blinked. 'It increased? Well, I'm not going to complain. The more the merrier.'

The young boy sighed as he looked at the 2,000 God Points that he had earned after finishing his Monk and Archer training. 

The items in the God Shop were too expensive and William couldn't buy anything of value. He already asked the system for a recommendation and the latter showed him a weapon that made him gulp in anticipation. However, it was priced at 50,000 God Points. 

With the 90% coupon that he had received earlier, he would need 3,000 more God Points in order to purchase it from the shop. William was now more pumped than ever to gather enough God Points to buy the weapon that the system had recommended to him.

"Uncle, I don't want any suspense. Just tell me who the next instructor is going to be," William pleaded. 

"Don't worry, it is someone you know very well," John replied with a grin. "Even if you ask me a hundred times, I'm not going to spill the beans. It will be best if you just wait and see who your next instructor is going to be."

"Fine." William backed down and just focused on cooking their dinner. No matter who his next instructor would be, he was confident that he would be able to handle anything that was thrown at him.

At least that's what he thought at the time.

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

William lightly coughed as he looked at the beautiful lady in front of him. He and John had just arrived in Lont when Ceine appeared in front of him with a smile.

"Long time no see, Master." William gave a dazzling smile that was enough for old women to give him something good to eat. 

"Indeed," Celine replied with a sweet smile. "It had been two years since we last saw each other."

"Um, is there anything you need from me, Master?"

"I came here to pick you up."

"Pick me up?" William blinked his eyes in confusion. Suddenly a dreadful realization appeared inside his mind. "M-Master, don't tell me…"

"Mmm, the next stage of your training will commence," Celine lightly caressed the head of her one and only disciple. "Let's go, William."

The beautiful lady didn't even wait for William's reply as she dragged the boy away. John could only wave at the pitiful little shepherd who seemed to have given up all resistance, and allowed Celine to take him back to her residence.

'I knew that the reward of 2,000 God Points was too good to be true,' William thought as he obediently followed his Master, Celine, back to her home. 



The young boy's body shivered as he entered the house that he hadn't visited for more than two years. Everything seemed to be the same. Even Oliver, the Parrot Monkey, was seated on his usual perch and was staring at William as if he had found an interesting new toy that he could play with.


Chapter 100

"Little Will, I missed you terribly," Celine caressed the side of William's face. "I also missed your cooking. Can you prepare something good to eat for dinner?"

"Of course, Master," William replied. Celine's soft hand lingered on his face for a few more seconds before she patted the boy's head.

"I'm looking forward to dinner," Celine winked. "Do your best, Little Will."

Celine left it at that and went towards the stairs.

William watched her go until she was no longer in sight before hurrying towards the Parrot Monkey who was looking at him with a smirk.

"Second Master, Master is scaring me," William said. "Is she planning something sinister for me?"

"How could that be?" Oliver replied in an exaggerated manner. "You know that the mistress cares for you very much. How can she probably do something sinister to you?"

'Being poisoned, cursed, and tortured everyday is not considered sinister?' William wanted to spit on the Parrot Monkey's face, but he needed allies right now.

When Celine acted like a spoiled, rich, young lady, it meant that she was planning to do something that was enough to give William a fright.

"Second Master, just spill the beans," William pleaded. "Is the Master upset? Is she angry at me? Should I look for a gift to make her happy?"

For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com

"Well, regardless of what Mistress is feeling, giving her a gift is only right and proper since you are her disciple," Oliver answered. "As for whether she is upset or angry at you, I don't think that is the case. Make sure to do your best in cooking dinner. Perhaps, the Mistress will be so pleased that she will not do anything tonight."

"Okay." WIlliam nodded. "It has been a while since I used my culinary skills. I'm going to get Master addicted to my cooking."

"You do that." Oliver nodded his head. "Also, prepare an extra portion for me."

"Leave it to me, Second Master."

"I'll look forward to your performance."

That night, the three had a sumptuous dinner. William did his best and Celine and Oliver were quite satisfied with the dishes that he had prepared for them.

Celine asked William about his training and the boy replied honestly to her every question.

"Dwayne must really like you if he asked you to call him your Third Master," Celine said as she eyed William. "You know, although that bald monk is an alcoholic, he is someone that is very hard to please."

"It's all thanks to you, Master," William replied with a smile. "I was able to perform well because of the discipline and mindset that you imparted in my training."



"Mmm, as expected of my one and only disciple." Celine replied. "You speak the truth."

Celine stood up from the table and walked towards the stairs. The young boy thought that he had managed to dodge the bullet, but Celine paused and turned to look back at him.

"William, after you finish cleaning up and washing the dishes, take a bath," Celine ordered. "Make sure to scrub yourself properly then come to my room afterwards."

The beautiful lady gave William a wink before climbing up the stairs. The red-headed boy looked at the beautiful lady's retreating figure with a dazed expression.

'S-She wants me to take a bath and go to her room later?' William's heart started to beat faster. 'Is this one of those special events where the protagonist is able to climb the stairs of adulthood thanks to their Master? Is this what Cu Chulainn experienced when he made Scathach his Master?'

(A/N: Cu Chullain is a Great Hero and a Legendary figure in Irish Literature. The same can be said to his teacher Scathach who was known as a Legendary Martial Arts Teacher who lives in the Fortress of Shadows.)

William's mind wandered as he completely forgot that he was currently only twelve years old. Although his mind was that of a teenager, his body was still that of a child.

Oliver, who was watching the boy, smirked in understanding. He already knew that William's mental age didn't match his physical age, so he was quite amused by the young boy's reaction.

"You better hurry up kid." Oliver decided to fan the flames. "Make sure to clean yourself properly. Don't keep the Mistress waiting."



"Yes! I will clean myself properly!" William hurriedly wiped the table and went to wash the dishes. His current state of mind was in chaos because he was too caught up in his fantasies.

William bathed himself using cold water from the well in order to calm his wildly beating heart.

After making sure that he had scrubbed every nook and cranny of his body, he washed it one more time before drying himself with a bath towel.

He then wore the cleanest night shirt that he could find from his storage ring and combed his hair properly. Of course, he didn't forget to brush his teeth, not once, but thrice!

An hour later, he was finally standing in front of his Master's door. William took deep breaths before knocking on it to announce his presence.

"Come in." A soft and silky voice came from inside the room.

When William opened the door, he saw Celine lying on the bed wearing a black one-piece night dress. The young boy gulped as he walked inside the room, closing the door behind him. Afterward, he stood there in a daze, not knowing what to do.

"What are you standing there for?" Celine asked in a teasing tone. The beautiful lady patted the side of her bed in invitation. "Come here."

"Yes, Master," William replied as he stiffly walked towards the bed with mechanical movements.



William sat on the bed with his back turned towards Celine. His face was already beet-red from the stimulation.

"Don't be afraid," Celine said as she slowly guided William to lie on the bed. "It will hurt at first, but then you will get used to it."

"M-Master, it's my first time," William stuttered. "Please, be gentle."

Celine chuckled. Her laugh was like the peeling of bells which made William's heart tremble.

"I can't promise that I will be gentle," Celine stated as she held the side of William's face with her soft and delicate hands. "But I can promise you one thing. This will be a night you will not forget in your lifetime."

Celine bent her head until her forehead came very close to William's. A flowery fragrance assaulted the boy's senses, and it made his already flushed face a shade redder.

"William, do you trust me?" Celine asked.

Her lips were merely two inch away from his.

"Not really," William replied. "But this time, I'll choose to trust you, Master."



"Very well, now close your eyes," Celine said softly. She chose to ignore William's earlier reply. "Just relax and let me take the lead. Surrender yourself to the feeling until both of us become one."

"Y-Yes. I will surrender myself to Master and let her take the lead."

"Good boy."

William closed his eyes and relaxed his body. However, he still puckered his lips and waited for Celine's next move.

The beautiful lady saw his expression and almost laughed out loud. She just calmly placed two slender fingers to block the boy's lips as she pressed her forehead against his.

"Synchronization," Celine muttered.

William felt his body shudder as he lost consciousness. However, at the very last second, before his senses faded, he felt something soft and warm touch his lips. This was the last thing William remembered before his world was suddenly engulfed in darkness.

