
Chapter 400

'We are now inside the room of the dungeon core.'

Erchitu's telepathic message echoed inside William's consciousness as he made his report.

'Understood,' William replied. 'Stay there for the time being, we just finished beating the boss on the twentieth floor.'

After finishing his short chat with Erchitu, William urged his team to step up the pace. After the continuous battles they faced in the Goblin Crypt, William's Quick Shot Shepherd Job Class had increased its level and was now at level sixteen.  

They didn't focus on killing monsters, and prioritized going to the lower floors as fast as they could. Finally, when they reached the 30th Floor, William felt that something was off.  

They didn't meet any goblins along the way as they headed towards the boss room. He was expecting staunch opposition from the monsters once they arrived on the last floor, but so far, nothing blocked their way, which made William, and the rest of his team confused.

"Stay alert," William reminded everyone as they delved deeper on the last floor of the Goblin Crypt.  

In time, they finally arrived at their destination. A four-meter tall golden gate barred their path. This was the Boss Room and the final hurdle in clearing the Dungeon. William glanced at everyone in his group and they all nodded their heads in unison.

Ian and Wendy held their weapons firmly and Psoglav had already summoned its clone. The Angorian Ibexes and the Cercopes Monkeys had also prepared themselves for the last battle inside the Goblin Crypt.

William pushed open the gates and what greeted them was pitch black darkness. Even with his Dark Vision, William couldn't see past two meters in front of him. He summoned his wooden staff and took a step forward.

His party followed him inside with bated breaths. When the last Cercopes Monkey had entered the Boss Room, the two golden gates immediately closed. Darkness descended upon the party for a brief moment before the torches hanging on the walls flared up one by one.

William drew a deep breath when he saw the final challenge that he was about to face.  

Thousands of Hobgoblins--composed of Warriors, Hunters, Shamans, Berserkers, Hobgoblin Leaders, and a Hobgoblin Chieftain--appeared before their very eyes.  

William raised his head to look at what seemed to be an elevated platform at the very back of the arena and saw a Hobgoblin that was two and a half meters tall.  

It held a jeweled bronze staff in its hand and its light-green eyes glowed with power. William had fought a similar Hobgoblin in the Heavenly Domain, but this creature in front of him was vastly different from the one he faced.

It was as if it was more intelligent compared to other Hobgoblins, which made William very wary. Immediately, he activated his Appraisal Skill to check the Final Boss that he needed to defeat in order to conquer the Goblin Crypt.

-----

< Hobgoblin Witch Doctor >

-- Contracted Monster

-- Humanoid

-- Threat Level: S (Centennial Low)

-- Centennial Monster

-- Hobgoblin Witch Doctors are considered as one of the most powerful mages in the Hobgoblin World. They are Dual Element Casters which would be very hard to defeat unless you had protective gear that could resist curses and other mind-affecting spells.

-- They are highly intelligent creatures that will use anything to their advantage. It is advisable to fight them with strong and experienced warriors who have fought against them in the past. This will increase the chances of your party beating this monster with minimal casualties.

-----

'A contracted beast,' William frowned.  

This was the first time he had seen a Contracted Monster acting as a leader of a Monster Army inside a Dungeon. William was very curious to know how this happened, but he wasn't in the right environment to find answers.  

Right now, there was only one thing he needed to do and that was to… fight!

"Ian, Wendy, eat the Chocolate Lollipops I gave you earlier," William ordered.  

The two girls didn't question William's order and immediately took out and ate the lollipops that they had stored inside their storage rings earlier.  

William summoned Stormcaller and firmly gripped it in his hands.  

"Gate Open!" William shouted.

Several portals appeared behind his back and Fenrir, the Trollhounds, the Rainbow Birds, the Blood Eagle Scadrez, the Centaurs, the Crimson Cavern Wolf Spiders, five Black-Winged Panthers, and the Supreme Killer Koalas appeared inside the Dungeon.  

William summoned all the members of his King's Legion that were above Rank C in this fight against the thousands of Goblins that ranked from the peak of Rank D up to the Centennial Rank.

William's Quick-Shot Shepherd Job Class had 16 levels. Because of Gavin's blessing, each time the level of his Job Class increased, he would receive three skill points instead of two. This gave the Half-Elf a total of 48 Skill Points which he used to max out some of the skills in his Skill Tree.

Among the skills that were at their max level were…

-----

< Quick Shot War Art >

(Requires 10 Skill Points to Unlock)

(Active Skill)

-- Allow the Quick Shot Shepherd to Employ his own War Arts

-- The maximum number of War Arts that can be created is thirteen.  

-----

< Heroism >

(Requires 10 Skill Points to Unlock)

(Passive Skill)

-- When members of the Herd are fighting against opponents that are a Rank or several Ranks higher than them, all of their stats will increase by 50%

-----

< Shepherd's Blessing >

(Requires 10 Skill Points to Unlock)

(Active Skill)

-- The Shepherd may choose one blessing to bestow upon the entire Herd. Each spell gives a corresponding +20 Enhancement to their respective stats.

-- Only one blessing can be active at a time.  

-- Ox's Strength

-- Feline's Grace

-- Hawk's Splendor

-- Wolf's Cunning

-- Turtle's Wisdom

-----

< Beacon of Hope >

(Requires 10 Skill Points to Unlock)

(Passive Skill)

-- Every member of the Shepherd's Legion receives +50 Enhancement to all stats.  

-----

< Herd Immunity >

(Requires 5 Skill Points to Unlock)

(Passive Skill)

-- All members of the King's Legion gain all of the Shepherd's natural resistances.  

-- If the Shepherd has an immunity to status ailments or diseases, all members of the Herd would share this immunity.

-----

The three remaining skill points were added to his Beast Taming Skill.

< Beast Taming >

( Skill Level: 3 / 5 )

(Active Skill)

-- Throw an orb of light to any Beasts that can be tamed.

-- The chances of Taming will increase if the Beast is weaker than the Shepherd.

-- The chances of Taming will increase if the Beast has a good impression of the Shepherd

-- The chances of Taming will increase if the Beast is in a weakened state.  

-- Only applicable to Herd Type Beasts

-----

"Ox's Strength." William chanted and the members of his King's Legion suddenly had their Strength Stat increased by 20 points.  

This skill was only supposed to work for Herd type creatures. However, David and Issei worked together to upgrade the skill in order to allow William to buff his entire King's Legion, instead of limiting it to the members of his Herd.

The collaboration of the two Gods allowed William to make all the empowering spells in his skill tree to work with the members of his King's Legion as well.  

Another skill that had received an upgrade from the two Gods, was the Beacon of Hope that increases all the stats of William's Legion by an additional 50 points.

The Herd immunity was also another skill that made William's King's Legion very impressive. Since the Half-Elf had powerful resistances against Dark Magic and Mind Affecting Spells, the members of his Legion also benefited from this.  

Last, but not the least, was the Heroism Skill. This passive ability was probably one of the most amazing skills in William's Quick-Shot Shepherd Job Class.

This skill boosted all the stats of the members of his King's Legion by 50%. What did that mean? It meant that his already strong army would receive an additional boost if they were facing an enemy that was stronger than them.  

In this case, the Centennial Ranked Monster they were facing counted as a monster stronger than them. But, aside from this 50% boost, there was also an additional boost that came from his Basic Shepherd Job Class.

His first skill, Wolf in Sheep's Clothing, gives an additional +10 to all stats to the member of his Legion.  

His other stat boosting skill, Way of the Shepherd, gave a 20% increase to the stats of the members of his King's Legion as well.  

------

(A/N: To give an example, the stats of Chronos, who is one of the team leaders of William's Herd, would have these stats once all the buffs are applied.)

Name: Chronos

Race: Angorian War Ibex

Level: 40

Health Points: 47,600 / 47,600

Mana Points: 9,350 / 9,350

< Strength: 101 (+207)  >  

< Agility: 158 (+213) >  

< Vitality: 80 (+158) >  

< Intelligence: 50 (+137) >  

< Dexterity: 40 (+130) >  

Due to the additional buffs, Chronos had jumped from a Class C Beast to the initial stages of a Class A Beast. This incredible skill lineup would make any member of Wiliam's King's Legion Wolves in Sheep's Clothing.

-----

The stronger members of William's Legion also received these buffs, which made them more formidable. Psoglav had entered the Pseudo-Centennial Rank Category due to the massive boost in its own stats.  

The Demonic Dog laughed out loud as he faced the thousands of Hobgoblins as if they were five-year old kids waiting to get spanked.

William and the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor glared at each other before giving the order to attack. The two sides collided and the blood of friends and foes alike stained the floor of the Boss Room in a dark-red hue.


Chapter 401

William switched his Subclass to Ice Wizard and buffed all the members of his King's Legion with Ice Armor. Although they were already strong enough to resist the disparity in numbers, he didn't want to take any chances and bolstered their defenses as well.

After imparting the defensive buff to everyone, William jumped on Ella's back and charged through the thousand strong Goblin Army. His target was the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor that was busy casting enhancement spells on its army. 

Ironically, this particular Hobgoblin Witch Doctor's second elemental magic was Life Magic. 

Life magic specialized in healing and providing beneficial buffs to anyone, which made the thousand strong Goblin Army more formidable.

The only saving grace was that the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor had just recently reached the Centennial Rank and its pool of Mana wasn't large enough to give its entire army strong buffs. However, it was highly intelligent and focused its powerful buffs on the Elites of its Army, namely the Hobgoblin Leaders, Berserkers, Goblin Shamans, and Hobgoblin Chieftain.

The violent collision of weapons, horns, claws, fangs, talons, and magic erupted inside the Boss Room. 

William knew that taking out the greatest threat would ease the burden on his Legion. It was quite unfortunate that he couldn't summon the members of the Minotaur Tribe that were currently inside the room of the Dungeon Core, inside the other Goblin Crypt. 

A powerful barrier seemed to be in place which prevented this from happening.

William entrusted Ian's and Wendy's safety to the Black-Winged Panthers that were known for their all-around offensive and defensive abilities.

"I'm Rolling!" 

Kasogonaga's adorable voice was drowned out by the war cries of the Hobgoblins that were dead set on turning it into chopped tofu. Fortunately, the rainbow-colored Anteater was not a vegetarian and flattened everything that blocked its path. 


Its protective scales were among the hardest scales in the world of Hestia, which had earned it the moniker of Rolling Calamity among its peers.

The Rainbow Birds cursed out loud as they used their lollipops to fire Magic Missiles to decimate the bulk of the Goblin Army. 

"Stupid Hobgoblins!"

"Sh*t faced, green-skinned p*ssies!"

"Fck off!"

They were the loudest beasts among William's Legion and their curses made all the Hobgoblins mad with anger. Because of this, their numbers were thinned greatly by the Hobgoblin Hunters that targeted them specifically because of their obnoxious mouths.

Fenrir and his pack of Trollhounds were at the very front of the battle, engaging the Hobgoblins in a deathmatch. Due to their powerful regeneration ability, they were able to stand back up even after being hacked repeatedly.

The most notorious fighters among William's party were none other than the Supreme Killer Koalas, that had turned into Giant Rabid Beasts, that ripped apart everything that was within the reach of their massive claws.

Their skin was very tough and even though there were dozens of arrows embedded in their bodies, their onslaught never stopped. 

If they could speak in Human Language, all of them would just say "Tis but a scratch" and continue their killing spree.

The Centaurs, on the other hand, used their amazing marksmanship and rained arrows upon the Goblin Army. William's buffs had also been applied to them and they had jumped from being Class C Beasts to Rank A Beasts. 


Bastian and his comrades were very surprised by this additional boost in their strength. However, this was no time to consult William about it. They just focused on thinning out the Goblin Army with their long-ranged attacks.

Meanwhile, deep inside the Magic Crystal Cavern, Thor and Ragnar started to stir. 

Magical energies gathered inside their bodies like a whirlpool as their bodies glowed. Dia, who was sleeping beside her two brothers, remained asleep. She was not aware of the changes that were happening in her surroundings.

Ian and Wendy fought back to back while being guarded by the five Black-Winged Panthers. 

These magical beasts were some of the latest additions to William's Herd and their powers had also increased due to William's buffs. The Pantheress, whom William called Shalla, was the biggest Panther among the group. 

She had opted to accept William's invitation to join his Legion rather than leave the Thousand Beast Domain. 

The reason? The Pantheress had a feeling that if she let go of this opportunity, she would miss out on a lot of things. Although Black-Winged Panthers were generally solitary creatures, they had decided to stick together and form a group in order to survive inside the Hidden Valley where the entrance of the Undying Lands was located.

Because of this, they remained as one of the dominant groups in the hierarchy and none dared to mess with them.

Shalla also understood that she needed to make contributions in order for William to recognize them. Right now, her task was to protect the Half-Elves lovers, and she and her team of Black-Winged Panthers ensured that the two ladies were safe.

They used their wings that were as hard as steel to block the rain of arrows that were aimed at the two girls. The Panthers also went out of their way to block the Dark Magic Spells, that were aimed at William's lovers, with their bodies.

Due to the resistance that William had towards Dark Magic, these spells only left minor scratches on their tough, magical, bodies.


Ian and Wendy understood that William had assigned the Beasts to protect them, so they didn't charge into the center of the fray like William and the War Ibexes. They only fought at the front lines, helping the Trollhounds and the Cercopes Monkey to decrease their enemies' numbers.

Stormcaller rumbled in William's hand and icycle shards flew in the air. The Hobgoblin Chieftain, and Leaders who were guarding the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor clashed with William and his goats. 

'Go, Will,' Ella said as she stomped her hooves at the Hobgoblin Chieftain who brandished its scimitars at her. 'Leave these Hobgoblins to us. Take down their leader first.'

"Understood. Take care, Mama," William replied as he jumped off her back and charged towards the Contracted Monster that was surrounded by Hobgoblins on all sides.

(A/N: Yes. This is how Ella and William usually communicate. Outsiders only hear "Meeeh". So, are you an outsider or not? Kekekeke!)

Stormcaller shone brightly as lightning bolts emerged from its tip. William thrust his spear and blasted away the Hobgoblins that were blocking his way.

The smell of charred flesh permeated the air, but that didn't stop the Hobgoblins from closing the gap as they charged at William with blood-shot eyes. 

"Icycle Realm!" William roared and everything around him was surrounded in razor sharp icicle spikes that jutted out of the ground. 

The Icycle Realm is William's Territory spell. Similar to a Battle Domain, it allowed William to create a field of razor sharp icicles that would soon explode and turn into sharp projectiles that would pierce, slash, and cut anything they come in contact with, except for William and his allies.

The Hobgoblin Defenders screamed in pain as sharp icicles pierced their bodies. Using this brief lapse in their formation, William brandished his spear and cut their heads off from their bodies.

The Hobgoblin Witch Doctor pointed its gnarled fingers at William, while chanting a spell. William smiled evilly as he held the spear in his hands and aimed it at the defenders that had formed a wall in front of the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor in the distance.


"Quick Shot Shepherd Fourth Form…" William shouted. "Grand Bazooka!"




Chapter 402

A powerful explosion erupted from the tip of Stormcaller and blew away the Hobgoblins that had formed a wall to protect their leader. 

Due to the spear's elemental power of lightning, the Grand Bazooka was infused with the Lightning Element. All of William's Quick-Shot Shepherd skills have no elemental affinity. They were empowered by William's Aura.

It is similar to the cases where he had infused his weapons with aura to allow them to attack like a remote controlled weapon. 

William skidded a few meters away due to the recoil of this War Art, but his strong body prevented him from getting seriously injured. As soon as the smoke of the explosion cleared, several void arrows flew in William's direction which the red-headed boy dodged with ease.

He didn't waste this opportunity and used his movement technique to close the gap between him and the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor. 

Soon, the jeweled bronze staff and Stormcaller clashed against each other. To William's surprise, the staff actually managed to withstand his full-powered spear strike with ease. 

The Hobgoblin Witch Doctor slammed the end of its staff towards the ground, causing a magic circle to appear under its feet. 

From it, a two-meter tall, Black-Scaled Salamander emerged.

As soon as it appeared, it lashed its massive tail out at William, which the latter dodged by a hair's breadth. After its attack ended, it immediately released a scorching fire breath towards William as its second greeting.

The red-headed boy immediately backed away as he raised his hand to cast a five-layered wall of ice to block the Salamander's attack.

The walls of ice exploded, but it was able to cancel the fire breath, which gave the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor time to create spectral hands and a doppelganger of itself, which allowed it to cast a barrage of dark spells towards William whose Ice Walls had fallen apart.

William clicked his tongue as he dodged the volley of spells that forced him to once again distance himself from his opponent. 

The Half-Elf activated his Appraisal Skill to see the information of the summoned beast that made his battle more difficult. 


< Black-Scaled Salamander > 

-- Fire Breathing Amphibian

-- Summoned Beast

-- Threat Level: Class A (Mid)

-- This Giant Salamander usually lives near active volcanoes because they prefer extremely hot regions to strengthen their bodies. 

-- They are able to swim and dive inLava that is hot enough to completely melt a Human's body within half a minute of submersion.

-- They are very aggressive creatures and will even fight their own kind when their territories are intruded upon.

-- Their bites are also very poisonous, so extreme care is needed when fighting against them.

'Just great,' William thought as he held Stormcaller in a fighting stance. 'This Contracted Beast sure has many tricks under its sleeve.'

Frankly, William was very impressed with the Master of the Monster that he was fighting right now. Clearly, the Salamander was the Contracted Beast of the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor, which was the Contracted Monster of its Master. 

The Half-Elf frowned as he briefly scanned his surroundings. Most of the Hobgoblins around him were being held back by Ella and the goats, creating a clearing for him to fight against the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor, without worrying about outside reinforcements.

If he had wanted to kill the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor, William would have definitely used his fatal techniques like Gaebolg to attempt to kill it, or at least, give it a serious injury. However, William didn't do that.

He was very curious about how a Contracted Beast was able to take command of the Monsters inside a dungeon. Also, Williams was also very curious to know the identity of the Master that had turned the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor into its servant.


William didn't know that the Witch Doctor that he was fighting was the same monster that had secretly attacked Wendy, Spencer, Brutus and Bruno during their Dungeon exploration. 

While the war between the Hellan Kingdom and the two Dynasties was underway, Kent snuck inside the dungeon and gave his pet plenty of resources. The contracted Hobgoblin Shaman used this opportunity to make its breakthrough, and evolved into the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor.

Kent was one of the captains of The Organization working under Conner and Calum. These two gave him the opportunity to spoil his pet, and increase its rank. With the Hobgoblin Shaman's help, he was able to collect slaves and sell them to Deus.

Kent's end-game plan was to use his pet to take full control of the Goblin Crypt and use it as his own personal Reserved Army that he could use whenever he wanted. The plan succeeded and the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor had become the Hobgoblin's leader.

Unfortunately, Kent was sent to the far away Kingdom of Freesia to capture the Royal Family once the Continental Spell had been invoked. Unfortunately, their victory was short-lived and they were forced to retreat due to the arrival of the Kraetor Empire.

William eyed the arrogant Hobgoblin Witch Doctor that was currently riding on the Black-Scaled Salamander's back. 

While he was thinking of a way to subdue the contracted beast that had summoned its backup, an idea popped inside William's head. He had long wondered if it was possible, but he hadn't put it into practice.

He had also forgotten to ask Sancus, The God of Contracts, if his idea was possible.

"Only one way to find out," William muttered as he narrowed his eyes. "Icycle Realm!"

A field of Icicles erupted from the ground and trapped the Salamander and the Hobgoblin at its center. A magical barrier enveloped the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor while the Black-Scaled Salamander endured the razor sharp icicles that weren't able to penetrate the scales of its body.

William used this opportunity to close off the distance and…

"Pocket Cube, go!" William shouted as he threw one of Magical Cubes that had been gifted to him by Sancus. 

The cube expanded its size and enclosed the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor which was still inside its own magical barrier. 


The cube immediately shrank in size as it flew back to Wiliam's hand. William grabbed the cube firmly in his hand as the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor tried to break free from its prison. 

William sneered at its futile attempt to escape. Sancus had given him a guarantee that any beast that was of the Centennial Rank and below would be captured without fail. What the Half-Elf wanted to find out was whether it was able to capture Contracted Beasts as well. 

He wondered if the runes personally inscribed by the God of Contracts himself could forcefully break the contract of others. 

Soon, the cube stopped shaking and stayed still in William's hand. 

William smiled evilly as he tossed the cube in front of him, releasing his newly acquired Hobgoblin Witch Doctor.

The Black-Scaled Salamander had a dumbfounded look on its face as it looked at its contractor. It could still sense the connection between the two of them, but something felt different.

"Tell everyone to stop fighting," William ordered.

The Hobgoblin Witch Doctor gave the Half-Elf an unwilling gaze before uttering a loud shriek which reverberated inside the Boss Room. 

As soon as the Hobgoblins heard this cry, all of them stopped fighting. The Black-Scaled Salamander also lowered its head in submission to its Master's order.

The battlefield quieted down as both sides stopped their attempts to kill each other. They all looked at the red-headed boy who had a scammer's smile plastered on his handsome face.

"It works! Hahahaaha! I'm so awesome!" William laughed out loud because his suspicion had been confirmed. 

The Half-Elf's joyous laughter resounded in the battlefield, which made both friends and foes alike look at him weirdly. 

William didn't care about the stares of everyone around him as he laughed out loud due to happiness. Along with ending the battle inside the Boss Room, William had also gained a powerful Hobgoblin Witch Doctor in the process.


Not only that, he was also able to make hundreds of Hobgoblin Elites part of his King's Legion as well. With this, William's private army numbered in the thousands.

On that day, William's Thousand Beast Army had finally become a reality.




Chapter 403

After the great battle on the thirtieth floor, William, Ian, and Wendy, entered the room where the Dungeon Core was located. 

This was not the first time that William had seen a dungeon core because he had already dealt with two during the Dungeon Outbreak months ago. 

Following Takam's orders, he pressed the Ring of Conquest against the Dungeon Core of the Goblin Crypt. The core glowed brightly and illuminated the entire room. William closed his eyes because the brightness was too much for his eyes.

When the light receded, he found himself face to face with a man who seemed to be in his mid-twenties. The man had red-hair, and silver-gray eyes that seemed to be looking straight at him.

William was about to say something, but the man had beaten him into it.

"Welcome my son, or my daughter," the man said with a smile. "Forgive me, but I have no idea if you are a boy or a girl. All I know is that, if you are seeing me right now then you are definitely my child and Arwen's."

The corner of the man's lips raised a little as if he was fondly remembering his beloved. William's heart was beating wildly inside his chest. His initial suspicion about this dungeon expedition had finally become a reality. 

"I am your father," the red-haired man declared. "Maxwell Von Ainsworth, the one and only Dungeon Conqueror in the entire world of Hestia."

There was a brief pose before Maxwell continued his explanation. 

"As you may have already guessed, this is just a recorded message that I have left inside the Ring of Conquest," Maxwell explained. "The reason why I did this is simple. I want you to inherit my powers and become the new Dungeon Conqueror.

"I don't know how old you are right now, but since you are seeing this recorded message now means only one thing. You are strong enough to meet the requirements to become my rightful successor. There can only be one Dungeon Conqueror at any given time, but I found a way to bypass this rule."

Maxwell smiled mischievously as he winked at William. 

Seeing his father's playful behavior made William feel that the two of them would definitely get along if they were to meet in real life. Along with this realization, the Half-Elf felt sad because of the missed opportunity of being able to live as a whole family with his mother and father.


"I have transferred my power as the Dungeon Conqueror inside the Ring of Conquest, which has prevented anyone from acquiring this rare profession," Maxwell stated. "And now, I will bestow this hard-sought profession onto you. Although it isn't much, this is the only thing that I can give to you as your father.

"The Goblin Crypt was the very first dungeon that I ever explored when I was young and foolish. Have you met the Goblin Shaman? That bastard sure plays dirty!" Maxwell chuckled. "When I finally reached the twentieth floor and beat the Boss Monster, I came face to face with the Dungeon Core."

Maxwell crossed his arms over his chest as his expression became serious. 

"The moment I touched the Dungeon Core was the same moment that my life changed forever," Maxwell said. "That was when I acquired the power of the Dungeon Conqueror. However, I didn't have the strength, or the qualifications, to conquer the Goblin Crypt at that time. Because of this, I left my mark on the Dungeon Core before leaving the dungeon."

"Many years have passed since then, and I had forgotten to return and recapture the first dungeon that I had cleared. Instead, I captured other dungeons and they became part of my power. Fortunately, I forgot about the Goblin Crypt at the time, because, if not, I would not be able to give you this opportunity."

Maxwell raised his hand and the ring on William's hand glowed brightly. William felt an incredible surge of power enveloped his entire body before a series of notifications appeared on his Status Page.

< Ding! >

< Congratulations! You have acquired a Unique Prestige Class! >

< Prestige Class: Dungeon Conqueror >

-- Host has acquired skill "Dungeon Conqueror".

-- Host has acquired skill "Dungeon Management".

-- Host has learned the skill "Dungeon Search" 

-- Host had acquired the title "Dungeon Master."


< Dungeon Conqueror >

-- A unique profession that allows its bearer the ability to subjugate, manipulate, and control the dungeons that they have conquered.

-- Thousands of years ago, there was a Dungeon that had a hundred floors and went by the name Ascalon. It was a dungeon where Dragon Type Monsters spawned, and was also considered to be Humanity's greatest adversary during the Dark Era of Mankind.

-- The Strongest Heroes of that time worked hand in hand in order to conquer the dungeon. One of these Heroes became the first Dungeon Conqueror.

-- Whenever the Dungeon Conqueror dies, the power he possessed will disperse into the world and look for its next successor. 

--Only one Dungeon Conqueror can exist at any given time.

< Dungeon Conqueror >

-- Allows the ability to conquer a dungeon and make it a part of your power.

-- Requirements: Beat the Last Boss of the Dungeon and absorb the Dungeon Core.

< Dungeon Management >

-- Allows the Dungeon Conqueror to manage any dungeon that he has conquered.

< Dungeon Search >

-- Teleport to one random dungeon anywhere in the world of Hestia.


-- Once this skill is activated, the Dungeon Conqueror could no longer use it unless they conquered the Dungeon that had been randomly chosen.

< Dungeon Master >

"I come as one, but I stand in the tens of thousands!"

-- Adds an additional 50 points to all stats.

-- Increase the spawn rate of Dungeon Monsters by 20%

William took deep breaths as he reigned in the new power that he had acquired from his father. Maxwell simply stood still as if he was already expecting this to happen. Five minutes later, the red-headed man continued his explanation.

"Congratulations, you are now a Dungeon Conqueror," Maxwell said, his voice laced with pride. "As expected of my child."

Maxwell clapped his hands as if to praise William for a job well done. Half a minute later, he stopped clapping and a teasing smile appeared on his handsome face.

"Your first Dungeon is the Goblin Crypt, but it is only the beginning. Unfortunately, you won't be able to conquer another dungeon because of the limitations that I have placed in the Ring of Conquest. In order to break this limit, you need to travel to the Central Continent. Once you're there, one of my acquaintances will come find you.

"You don't need to look for him, because he will immediately sense your presence once you step into the lands where the true powers in this world congregate. He may not appear right away, because he is a stubborn bastard, but rest assured he will appear when he has determined that you have met the next requirement as Dungeon Conqueror."

Maxwell's image started to fade and William reached out his hand unconsciously in order to touch his father, whom he was seeing for the first time in his life.

"My Child, I don't know what kind of challenges you will have in the future, or the enemies you have to face, but know this," Maxwell said as William's hand passed through his body. "A Dungeon Conqueror never fights alone. We, Are, Never, Alone!"

Maxwell's powerful voice reverberated as his projection faded completely. However, there was one final message that reached William's ears as the pure-white-world crumbled into pieces.


"I come as one, but I stand in the tens of thousands!"




Chapter 404

"Arslan, what do we do now?" a pretty girl asked the teenage boy who was seated on top of a boulder.

Arslan sighed as he looked at the map in front of him. Surrounding him were over two hundred young men and women who were waiting for him to make a decision. 

They were considered to be the elite among the young generation of the Zelan Dynasty. However, against the might of the Elves, there was nothing they could do. 

"The capital and the four surrounding cities around it have already fallen to the Elves," Arslan said in a serious tone. "According to our friends that are staying in the North, the Elves seemed to be building a teleportation gate."

The faces of everyone surrounding him immediately turned grim. They were geniuses in their own right, so they fully understood what building a teleportation gate meant. 

"They plan to bring in more reinforcements?!" the pretty girl gasped. "W-What do we do now?"

This was the question of everyone who had followed Arslan, who was hailed to be the best prodigy of the Zelan Dynasty. This same prodigy gathered all of his acquaintances and escaped the capital which was now being controlled by the Elves.

In the beginning, they thought about helping their other friends who had been captured by the invaders. However, after a few skirmishes, their numbers had dwindled in size due to the Elves' superior strength in battle.

After a series of defeats, they escaped to the edges of their kingdom, and hid in a forest near the Hellan Border, where the Fortress that James had defended was located.

Arslan scratched his dark brown hair, as he looked at the map in front of him. They had already retreated far enough in the hope that they could organize a mobile army that could do guerilla warfare with the Elves.

However, after their first few skirmishes, they finally understood that the Elves outclassed them both in physical, and Magical prowess. The elves were also proficient in forest warfare, which made things very difficult for Arslan and his team of freedom fighters.

"Paul, you said that the Crown Prince left for the Hellan Kingdom, right?" Arslan asked. "Where in the Hellan Kingdom was he headed?"

Paul, one of the Prince's loyal subjects, stood up to answer Arslan's inquiry. 


"Back then, I was with the royal guards who bought time for the Crown Prince to make his escape," Paul replied. "His Highness said, 'Iif I am able to escape the Elven pursuers, I will head to the Town of Lont located in the Hellan Kingdom'."

"Do you know it's exact location?"

"According to the Crown Prince it is found on the outskirts of the Western Part of the Hellan Kingdom."

Arslan rubbed his chin as he contemplated their next course of action. This was the first time that he had learned of the town of Lont and wondered why the Prince left to go to that place.

'There must be a reason why he decided to go there of all places,' Arslan thought. 'I guess we should meet up with His Highness first and think of a way to make a comeback.'

Arslan rolled the map and returned it to his storage ring. He then scanned the faces of the survivors who had resisted the Elves alongside him.

"I'm sure that all of you have realized it by now, but we don't stand a chance against the Elven Prodigies," Arslan said. "I hate to admit this, but they are stronger than us."

The teenagers around him reluctantly nodded their heads in agreement. This was the truth, and there was no use in trying to deny it. 

"Our Crown Prince had fled to this town called Lont," Arslan continued his explanation. "It would be best if we reunite with him and plan our next course of action. Do any of you have any objections?"

Arslan waited for someone to object, but a minute passed and no one said anything. After this brief silence, he nodded his head and gave out his order.

"Paul, go to--"

Arslan immediately dodged to the side as an arrow passed through the spot where he sat a while ago. 

"Everyone, follow Paul and retreat!" Arslan ordered. "Paul, I'll leave them in your hands. Find His Highness!"


"What about you?!" Paul asked as he summoned his short sword and shield to stand beside Arslan. 

Several whistling sounds echoed inside the forest as a storm of arrows rained upon Arslan and the other survivors. 

"I'll hold them back!" Arslan said as he created a dome of Earth to block the arrows aimed at them. "Go now! I'll buy you as much time as I can!"

Paul gritted his teeth as he ran, leading the other survivors with him. The other children looked back at their leader who had created a great wall of Earth in order to delay the Elves' advance.

The sounds of explosions resounded in the forest as Arslan fought tooth and nail against an Elven Platoon that was sent to look for their whereabouts.

The Elves had played a little game among themselves and made bets on which team would be able to catch Arslan and his subordinates. Due to their superior strength and abilities, they didn't even bother to call their comrades to assist them in capturing the freedom fighters.

Arslan, was at the peak of the Platinum Rank, and was a match for an Elven Prodigy. However, this was not a one on one battle. He was fighting against Thirty Elven Prodigies. 

The word fighting was an exaggeration. What he was doing was merely buying some time for his comrades to escape as he created a spiked wall of Earth to prevent the Elves from crossing over.

The sounds of explosions resounded on the other side of the Earthen Wall. Aslan, on the other hand, who had his hands pressed against the Earth, was sweating buckets. He was channeling all of his strength into keeping the wall from falling apart due to the Elven bombardment.

Ten minutes later, the bombardment stopped and the Earthen Wall collapsed. Arslan panted as he held two short swords in his hand as he faced the hateful Elves who had made his friends prisoners.

"Looks like we got lucky, Captain." A handsome elf whistled as he looked at Arslan. "We caught the Big Fish."

A delicate looking Elf Girl smiled as she appraised the sole Human teenager who was standing before them.

"Well, I guess his looks are above average in terms of Human standards. However, they are still not good enough," the Elf Girl said as ripples of Wind Magic formed around her hands. "Capture him alive. Commander Elandorr has given us strict orders to bring him back to the capital. You can break his arms and legs, but none of you are allowed to kill him."


""Yes!""

The Elven fighters grinned as they charged towards Arslan who had already taken a fighting stance. For them, this game of cat and mouse was a very entertaining way to spend their time in the Human lands.

They had grown bored because those who tried to resist them had failed miserably. Only Arslan and his band of freedom fighters were able to survive their repeated attempts to capture all of them in a drag net.

Arslan stood his ground, he knew that it was only a matter of time before he was captured. Even so, he was the type that wouldn't go down without a fight. When the first Elf came within his strike range, he unleashed the Earthen Trap he had prepared beforehand.

When he set up the wall, he had also prepared a nasty surprise for the arrogant long-eared brats who looked down upon the Human race.

An explosion followed by a cry of pain reverberated in the forest as Arslan's special ability, Earth Bomb, exploded upon the unsuspecting elf who had stepped onto it unknowingly.

The explosion decimated the Elf's entire leg and stained the ground in red. Arslan's victim screamed in pain and rolled on the ground, making the other Elves back away from him. Arslan stomped his foot and an Earth Spike pierced the screaming Elve's chest, which ended his life. 

"You Elves always talk about how superior you are to Humans," Arslan snorted. "In the end, the color of your blood is the same as mine."

Arslan then made a taunting gesture using the short sword in his right hand. "Whoever wants to die next, please, step forward."

The True Prodigy of the Zelan Dynasty raised his head in arrogance. Power gathered in his hand and feet as he prepared to fight the Elves with everything he had. Although he was outnumbered, the Elves had made a mistake in attacking their camp.

The reason why many people in the Zelan Dynasty hailed Arslan as its top Prodigy was not because of his strength, but his uncanny ability to predict his enemy's movements and place Earth Bombs in their path.

His Earth Bombs didn't radiate magic, making them difficult to detect even if someone used a powerful magic detecting artifact.

This made Arslan's Earth Bombs very lethal to his enemies. 


This was why no one in the Zelan Dynasty wanted to fight against Arslan and his team during Group Warfare, because of his uncanny ability to place undetectable traps that were strong enough to kill anyone below the Platinum Rank. 

Several other explosions reverberated in the forest as Arslan and the Elves fought. It only stopped half an hour later when more than two hundred teenage boys and girls had safely left the borders of the Zelan Dynasty.




Chapter 405

Paul and the rest of the freedom fighters traveled for two days before they reached the Fortress that stood between the Hellan Kingdom and the Zelan Dynasty.

They didn't take the time to look at the tens of thousands of Crystal Statues because they had already seen plenty of them in their own Kingdom. Paul assigned his group to loot the Fortress for food, water, and other things that they could use on their trip to reunite with Prince Alaric, who was assumed to be in the town of Lont.

Luckily, there were still many horses in the stables, which they used to travel towards the West. All of them rode their mounts with a heavy heart knowing that Arslan had either been killed or captured by their Elven pursuers. 

A few days ago, when a single Elf scout found their base, hundreds of Elves gathered to capture them. If not for the fact that Paul's special ability, Eye of the Scout, had accidentally seen the hundreds of Elves, who were stealthily headed into their direction, they would have all been captured by now.

This was why Arslan decided to make an unwritten rule that at the first sight of even a single Elf, all of them would make a hasty retreat. They didn't know that the Elves had decided to treat their capture as a game and decided to spread out and search for them as platoons.

If they only knew of this sudden change in their pursuers' strategy, they might have stayed behind to help Arslan deal with the Elves that had discovered their last camp.

"Human scum!" the pretty Elf-Girl shouted as she kicked the chained Arslan on the ground. 

Although they managed to subdue him, Aslan still managed to kill eight Elves because of his lethal Earth Bombs that exploded without warning. 

They had journeyed using special means to return to the capital as fast as possible, but she was still feeling irritated because of the loss of her subordinates. This would reflect poorly on her record as a commanding officer and she might even get a demotion.

Arslan was chained using a special metal that prevented him from using his abilities. 

The Prodigy of the Zelan Kingdom had wounds all over his body, but they were not serious enough to be fatal. The Elves didn't even bother to treat his wounds to prevent him from recovering and finding a way to escape the chains that bound him.

Two more hours passed and they finally arrived at the palace where Elandorr was expecting their arrival. The Commander of the Elven forces sat on the throne where the King of the Zelan Dynasty used to sit.

Elandorr looked at the injured Human teenager with interest, while the other Elves looked at Arslan with hatred.


"All alone, but still managed to kill eight Elven hunters, not bad," Elandorr said with praise. "Too bad you were born a Human. If you were an Elf, you would definitely be among the top elites that serve under me."

Arslan didn't say anything as he was forced to kneel on the ground. He didn't react to the jeers and taunts of the Elves who were also present in the throne room. 

Elandorr nodded his head in appreciation and made a gesture to one of his attendants. 

The attendant respectfully bowed to Elandorr and presented him with a wooden box. Elandor gave the attendant a brief nod before walking towards Arslan with box in hand. The Elven Guards who had been forcing Arlsan to kneel held his arms firmly as Elandorr took out the contents of the box and showed it to the Prodigy of the Zelan Kingdom.

"Are you familiar with this?" Elandorr asked in a teasing tone. He waved the black collar that was inscribed with Elven runes. 

The moment Arslan saw the slave collar in Elandorr's hand, he knew what was coming next. Because of it, he gathered all of his strength and tried to smash his head on the floor to commit suicide.

Unfortunately, Elandorr had already seen this coming and gave the Human a quick kick on his jaw which made Arslan world spin around him. Two more guards came to secure him in place as Elandorr placed the slave collar on the teenager's neck.

"Stop," Elandorr ordered. "From now on, you are not allowed to commit suicide. You are not allowed to escape, and you are also not allowed to hurt any Elves in any manner. Do I make myself clear?"

Arslan bit his lip as he tried to prevent himself from answering Elandorr's inquiry. However, the runes on the collar on his neck glowed brightly sending immense pain through his body. 

Even so, Arslan refused to yield, which made Elandorr, as well as the other Elves, admire his strength of will. 

"Not bad," Elandorr nodded in appreciation. "I've always wanted to meet the so-called True Prodigy of this Kingdom. I thought that all of the praise they had for you was mere exaggeration. I guess, there is some truth in their words as well."

Blood dripped down Arslan's lips as he kept his mouth shut. He was enduring the excruciating pain that made him feel like dying, but he would rather die than submit to the Elves who had treated the Zelanians like grass that they could weed out whenever they felt bored.

Even though the Elven Princess had said that such an act was not worthy of a Superior Race like the Elves, many of the Elven Elites still tortured and beat up the survivors of the Kingdom behind closed doors.


This was their way of making the Humans understand that they were simply rags that the Elves could keep or dispose of at their leisure. This excessive amont of torture and beatings had made the survivors lose all hope. In the end, the majority of the survivors had chosen to act servile to the Elves instead of choosing to be beaten to death. 

What happened to those who refused to acknowledge the Elven Rule? Those who had refused had either been killed in public executions, or sent to prison to receive humilation and torture.

Naturally, these public executions were held when the Elven Princess was away from the capital to inspect the other Human cities that had fallen under their rule. These public executions were witnessed by all the survivors in the capital because those who refused to participate would suffer the same fate.

After seeing several executions, the desire to rebel against their invaders had long disappeared in the teenagers who had chosen to become slaves of their own free will. The Elves didn't have an infinite supply of slave collars. Elandorr chose to only use them on special people, like Arslan who had fallen into his hands.

He didn't need to waste his limited number of slave collars on the children and teenagers who had chosen to submit to their rule out of hopelessness and desperation.

This was the tactic that the Elves had used in order to make the Human children submit to them. 

Elandorr glanced down at Arslan who was still refusing to submit to him even with the power of the slave collar. He was about to give the Human Prodigy an order when the door of the throne room opened.

The Elven Princess, Eowyn, entered and looked at the injured, and kneeling, Prodigy on the floor. Eowyn knew that she was only a supervisor and had no right to get in Elandorr's way. This was why she just looked at Arslan with a sad expression and didn't say anything else.

"Welcome back, Your Highness," Elandorr greeted Eowyn with a smile. "You should have told me that you were returning. I would have escorted you back to the palace personally."

"Thank you, Commander Elandorr." Eowyn nodded. "I apologize for coming at the wrong time."

Elandorr smiled brightly as he walked towards Eowyn. "Princess, you can come and see me anytime. I was just enslaving this Human because he committed a crime punishable by death. However, since you didn't want senseless killings, I decided to just enslave him."

Eowyn stared at Arslan whose body was trembling every now and then due to the pain he was experiencing. 

"What did he do?" Eowyn inquired.


Elandorr gave the Human a side-long glance before shifting his attention back to the beautiful princess. "He was the leader of the rebellion and has killed many Elves. Just today, he killed eight elves before he was captured on the outskirts of the kingdom. He is truly a very troublesome individual."

Eowyn frowned. Although she was a pacifist, hearing that Elves died at the hands of the young man made her impression of Arslan change. 

No matter how good her heart was, she was still an Elf and they were her people. 

"What do you plan to do with him, Commander?" Eowyn asked.

"Whether he lives or dies will depend on Her Highness' wishes," Elandorr said with a carefree smile. 

At first Eowyn wanted to order Elandorr to execute Arslan. However, her teacher, Lady Arwen, had told her that violence was not always the answer to resolve disputes. After a brief inner struggle, Eowyn sighed and gave her verdict.

Elandorr seemed half amused by the Princess' choice, but since he had plans on wooing her, he decided to agree. This way, the Princess would feel indebted to him, which he could use to form a closer connection with her in the future.

"Congratulations," Elandorr said as he used his foot to raise Arslan's head. "Our Princess has chosen you to become her manservant. Make sure to serve her well. I mentioned this earlier, but I will repeat it again. You are not allowed to harm her in any way. Also, you will risk your life to protect her when she is in danger. This is an absolute order."

The collar on Arslan's neck glowed brighter. Soon, Arslan fell to the ground, unconscious. He had reached his limits in resisting the power of the slave collar. Elandorr made a gesture for one of the Elven healers to take care of the teenager's injury before he invited the Princess to have lunch with him. 

Eowyn accepted Elandorr's proposal. She knew that the Commander had spared the Human slave because of her, and because of this, she felt obligated to return the favor. Elandorr smiled brightly as he held the Elven Princess' hand. 

If giving her a human slave would make her happy then he didn't mind sending more slaves in order to gain her good graces. After all, he was not content with just being the Commander of the Elven Race.

No. Elandorr's ambition was greater. 

What he wanted was to become the future King of the Elves. That way, not only would he rule the Silvermoon Continent, but all the lands that they had conquered as well.





Chapter 406

Inside of the Goblin Crypt in the Town of Hartlepool…

William stood still with his eyes closed. The words that his father had told him still reverberated in the core of his being.

"I come as one, but I stand in the tens of thousands!"

The red-headed boy pressed his hand over his wildly beating heart as an image appeared inside his head. 

A man stood proud on the back of a Chimaera Type Dragon with black horns and wings spread wide. He had his arms crossed over his chest as he looked fearlessly at the massive army that belonged to the Demon Race in front of him.

Suddenly, several portals appeared behind him. Resounding roars and shrieks pierced the air as Dragons, Ancient Beasts, and other Behemoths descended on the battlefield with fury. More portals appeared around Maxwell as a fearless grin appeared on his handsome face.

Thousands…

Tens of thousands…

Hundreds of thousands....

Millions…

The sky darkened as Maxwell's Army of Dungeon Monsters poured out from the massive portals en masse. It was as if he was summoning all the monsters in the world to fight for him.

The Demon Army momentarily stopped their advance as the countless Dungeon Monsters roared simultaneously. 

It was at that moment when William understood why there could only be one Dungeon Conqueror to exist at a time. No army, kingdom, or empire, would be able to withstand an attack of this magnitude--dozens of Myriad Beasts, hundreds of Millennial Beasts, thousands of Centennial Beasts and other strong monsters that were Class B and above. 

The scene made William's blood boil due to how awesome it was. Frankly, the word awesome was an understatement. Words couldn't describe the feelings that were rising inside his heart.

Maxwell turned his head to look at William. There was a playful smile on his father's face as he gave him a brief nod.

Soon, an earth-shaking roar resounded across the battlefield as the massive Monster Army charged towards the Demon Army. 


William watched as the Dragons rampaged in the sky.

He watched as the Eight-Headed Hydras fired Dragon Breaths of different elements from all of their heads. 

He watched as Giants brandished their weapons left and right, sending Demons flying in all directions.

He watched until the Demons sounded their bugle horns to signal their retreat.

The Monsters didn't waver and pursued relentlessly as their enemies retreated like the tide. 

William breathed a long deep sigh before opening his eyes. 

His father had shown him the possibility that was waiting for him at the end of his journey. The Half-Elf clenched his fist as he made a vow to himself.

'One day, I will come and see you father,' William said in his heart. 'Till then, watch over Mother for me.'

It was at that moment when he realized that a delicate hand held his arm and a pair of anxious eyes looked straight at his own eyes.

"What happened?" Wendy inquired. "The dungeon core disappeared after you pressed the ring against it. After that, you stood in a daze and no matter how much we tried to wake you up, you wouldn't budge."

William patted Wendy's head to assure her that he was fine. "Let's go back. Our mission has been accomplished."

Wendy nodded her head and held William's hand. Ian gave the two of them some space as he followed behind them. This was her way of compensating Wendy for the time that she had spent with William inside his Spiritual World. 

William and Ian didn't need to say anything to each other. Both of their hearts were connected, so the red-headed boy understood what Ian was trying to tell him.

'Thank you,' William said through telepathy.

Ian smiled as he walked behind William. 'You're not getting any sleep tonight.'

'Is that a threat?'


'Does it sound like a threat?'

The two bickered via telepathy as they exited the Goblin Crypt. Now that the Dungeon Core had merged with the Goblin Crypt inside the Ring of Conquest, the Dungeon in Hartlepool would slowly disappear over the passage of time. 

Although William felt sorry that the townspeople would lose a source of income, he didn't have the leisure to wait for the curse to be undone before he increased his private army. 

William, Wendy, and Ian returned to the Armstrong Duchy to report to Spencer that they were going back to the Northern Regions. 

Spencer made one last futile attempt to convince his sister to stay, but Wendy was adamant to stick to her boyfriend like glue. Naturally, William welcomed Wendy's company, which gave Spencer a headache.

In the end, Spencer finally agreed and even gave them one of the flying carriages that belonged to their Duchy. Instead of a Gryphon, the one that pulled their flying carriage was the Lamassu. 

As the Magical Beast soared towards the North, Wendy and Ian laid beside William on the comfortable bed inside the flying carriage. William hugged both of them as he discussed with the System what their next course of action should be.

According to the Dungeon Conqueror Job Class, William wouldn't be able to Conquer a dungeon as easily as he had the Goblin Crypt. However, that restriction didn't prevent him from adding another Dungeon to his Ring of Conquest.

Takam's second condition was for William to raise four Centennial Ranked Beasts. William understood the importance of this because right now, he lacked powerful allies that had the Centennial Rank and above.

Takam also added that although William should also increase the ranks of the Minotaur Race to strengthen his forces, the Four Centennial Rank Beasts should not be counted on their side. 

Erchitu was already a Millennial Beast, and the Lamassus were all Class A Beasts. Takam's condition stated that he didn't care where William acquired these four Centennial Beasts, but any beast from the Minotaur Race wouldn't be counted among the four. 

Although William found this second condition to be unusual, he didn't mind doing it because he wanted to form a strong force to contend with the enemies he was about to face. 

William checked his status page and found an empty slot right next to his Goblin Crypt. The very first dungeon that he had visited had now turned green, which meant that it was an ally Dungeon.

After merging the recorded Goblin Crypt with the real Goblin Crypt, William had unlocked the true power of the Ring of Conquest as well as the Hidden Ability Dungeon Conqueror. 

What was that power? It was the ability to randomly teleport to any Dungeon in the world of Hestia that would serve as a Dungeon that he could conquer next. 

This was a heaven-defying ability because it allowed William to practically travel anywhere and capture any dungeon he wanted.


'This Job Class is insane,' William thought. He was quite thankful that his father had prepared adequately to transfer this power to him. If this power landed in the hands of those who would use it for World Conquest then the chances of them succeeding were very high.

'Fortunately there can only be one Dungeon Conqueror at any given time.' William sighed in relief as he looked at the ring in his hand, that had accompanied him since he was a baby. 

It was the ring that had taken William inside the Goblin Crypt, and forced him to acquire the Shepherd Job Class. If not for the Ring of Conquest activating at that time, William might have spent his childhood living a carefree life free without facing anything dangerous.

The Half-Elf took a deep breath as he made his decision.

He planned to have the new Dungeon serve as the place for his Thousand Beast Army to increase their ranks, in preparation for the battle against Deus, the Elves, and the Undead Army that threatened the peace of his own Thousand Beast Domain. 

'So, I just need to activate the Dungeon Search ability, and synchronize it with the Ring of Conquest to make a connection to that dungeon. This way, I can allow my Thousand Beast Domain to access it as well. Am I right, System?' William asked.

< Yes. However, once a Dungeon is chosen, we can't remove it from the Ring of Conquest no matter what. Are you fine with this, Host? >

'Okay. let's do this!' William closed his eyes and used the Dungeon Search ability.

At the same time, the System synchronized with him and activated the Ring of Conquest.

< Activating Ring of Conquest! >

The Ring on William's hand glowed as a golden thread shot out from its center. It flew towards the window of the flying carriage and traveled North East.

Half a minute later, it crossed the border of the Southern Continent and headed out to the wide ocean. The System monitored the golden thread's trajectory as it searched for a random Dungeon that would be connected to the Ring of Conquest.

According to the System, William would be able to travel to that Dungeon no matter where it was located. Simply put, he could travel across continents and back if the Dungeon that the Ring of Conquest picked was on another continent.

Five minutes later, the empty slot beside the Goblin Crypt glowed as the new Dungeon was registered.

William looked at the form of the Dungeon that slowly materialized on his Status Page. It didn't take long before a Majestic City appeared in front of him. 

He read the bold blue letters that appeared above the picture of the new Dungeon and frowned. It was a name that he was familiar with and it was considered to be a legendary city back on Earth. 


The notification of the System resounded inside his head as it proclaimed the name of the new Dungeon that they had acquired.

< New Dungeon Acquired! >

< Dungeon name: Atlantis >




Chapter 407

"Atlantis…," William muttered as he looked at the information of the new Dungeon that had been registered inside his ring of conquest.

< Atlantis >

-- In times long forgotten, there was once a legendary city known for its advanced culture and technology. 

-- Many tales abound about how this city disappeared from the face of the world. Some said that, due to its advanced technology, the city traveled towards new worlds and frontiers unknown to many.

-- Some said that it was submerged somewhere in the vast ocean… waiting for someone to discover it once again.

-- Countless people throughout the years have searched for this city born from Myths and Legends, but none of them were able to find it. Only its name and legacy remained, and even that, too, would also be forgotten in due time.

-- The City of Atlantis. The Lost Empire of a Forgotten World.

-- Difficulty Rating: SSR

-- Number of Floors: 100

-- Monster Types: Unknown

William felt anticipation as he finished reading the information of this ancient city. Deep down, he was looking forward to discovering the secrets that it held.

Wendy stirred in her slumber as she sleepily raised her head to look at William. 

"Our journey is still long," William said as he kissed her forehead. "Sleep. I'll wake you up when it's time for dinner."

Wendy sleepily nodded her head and kissed William's cheek before she closed her eyes to sleep once more. The battle inside the Goblin Crypt had made her, and Ian, very exhausted. 

It would take a few more days before they reached the North where William decided to stay for the time being.

The Half-Elf didn't want to disturb Est and Brendan while they worked to rescue the survivors on the outskirts of the Kingdom. Although he didn't know why Deus decided to withdraw quite a few of their forces from the Hellan Capital, William had a hunch that it was due to Conner's order to look for the Undying Lands, which was now inside his Thousand Beast Domain.

He wasn't worried about Est's safety because he had already briefed Brendan on what to do in case the members of Deus returned to take back their control of the capital. Also, Ezio was there to mentor Brendan as the latter underwent his Assassin Training.

Yes. William decided to make Brendan a Disciple of his Fourth Master, Ezio. This way, the Son of the Prime Minister's talents wouldn't be wasted. Also, having someone as capable as Brendan would become a big boost to William's private forces in the future.


William also decided to bring Ian and Wendy to train the Dungeon of Atlantis in order to help raise their rank and allow them to gain real battle experience. 

'I almost forgot the advice that Issei had told me back in the Temple of the Gods,' William thought as he opened the Familia option in his status page. 

< Familia >

< First Familia Member >

-- Ashera Dy Cordelia

-- Host is able to use Wave Rider Skill

-- Host is able to use Water Whip Skill

-- Host has acquired Familia Oversoul Skill

-- Increase +15 enhancement bonus to all stats 

Strength of Stats and Abilities will increase, or decrease, depending on the Synchronization Rate between the host and his Familia Member. 

-- Synchronization Rate: 45%

William didn't stop there and accessed Ashe's personal information.

Name: Ashera Dy Cordelia

Race: Half-Nymph

Age: 16

Job Class: Spirit Fencer (Level 32)

After checking the information that he was looking for, William consulted the System to help him conduct an experiment.

< Host, you want to try adding a Subclass to Ashe's main profession? >


'Yes,' William replied. 'Can you test if it's possible?'

< Understood. >

< Connecting to the Familia Database… >

< Activating the Divinity of the King's Chess Piece and CPU Core.... >

< Connection established! >

< Subclass Integration Commencing… >

William waited patiently for the System to finish tweaking the Familia Settings using the power of the two divinities. He wanted to know if it was possible to bestow a Job Class that he currently possessed to Ashe to allow her to wield its power. 

According to Issei's theory, if this experiment succeeded, the Mermaid would be able to help William increase the levels of his other professions, while that class was equipped to her. 

Not only would William be able to increase its levels, but Ashe would also benefit from it because she would be able to wield the power of whatever profession William wanted to bestow upon her.

It didn't take long before William heard the familiar notification sounds of the System, announcing the result of their experiment.

< Ding! >

< Subclass Integration has been successfully added to the Familia Settings! >

< Host may now add any Job Class to his Familia Member and allow them to use its power. >

< Would you like to add a subclass to Ashera Dy Cordelia ( Yes / No ) >

William laughed internally as he planted a kiss on the sleeping mermaid's head. Ashe didn't react because she was a very deep sleeper. She was not aware that her lover was doing something behind her back that would benefit her in the future.

William looked at the Job Classes that were currently available to him with a serious expression. He wanted to give Ashe a compatible Job Class that would work well with her Spirit Fencer Job Class.

This way, not only would it strengthen his mermaid lover, he would also be able to increase the level of a Job Class that he was not currently using.

After careful consideration, William decided to give Ashe the Job Class Geomancer. However, he still hadn't met the requirements for this profession.


The Geomancer profession required the Fighter Job Class and Earth Mage Job Class at their max level.

Currently, William's Fighter Job Class was only at Level 30. He wasn't able to upgrade this Job Class to its maximum potential because he didn't have much time to train it before leaving Lont.

'System, set Fighter as Ashe's Subclass and split the Experience Point allocation to fifty-fifty.'

< Understood! >

< Subclass integration successful! >

Name: Ashera Dy Cordelia

Race: Half-Nymph

Age: 16

Job Class: Spirit Fencer (Level 32)

Sub Class: Fighter (Level 30)

William nodded his head in appreciation. This way, Ashe would be able to increase the level of her Main Class, alongside her new Subclass. 

Due to their experiment, Ashe had also gained the ability to gain Experience Points as a means to increase her rank faster.

Usually, people in the World of Hestia became stronger through real life battles, and the use of Beast Cores, Magic Crystals, and Spirit Stones, to increase their ranks. 

William felt sad because the only one that could benefit from the Familia Setting was Ashe. Because of the Bond that they shared with each other, the mermaid was recognized by the King Chesspiece as William's Familia Member.

William's only regret was that he had to wait until he came of age before he could add Wendy, and Est to his Familia as well. 

The requirements for the Familia Member were strict, so William was helpless against it. For now, he could only focus on increasing Ashe's Job Levels, while giving resources to Wendy in order for her to increase her own profession, which was Magic Lancer.

As the Lamassu pulling William's carriage headed towards the Northern Regions, Princess Sidonie and Morgana were also hard at work in the Kingdom of Freesia.

Now that she had arrived at the capital, the Kraetor Empire started to march West. Their target was to conquer the Anaesha Dynasty which was currently under the control of the part of Deus that belonged to Conner's Faction.


The Myriad Ant Queen opened her eyes as her ant soldiers prepared to battle. Although she was once the protector of the Anaesha Dynasty, she didn't bat an eye and rallied her army to answer her call. 

Her Master, Princess Sidonie, had ordered her to send her troops in a pincer attack in order to take control of the capital. 

This was the first battle where the Kraetor Empire and Princess Sidonie's Ant Army had collaborated to gain control of one of the four Kingdoms that had once held total dominion over the Southern Continent.




Chapter 408

"Big Brother!" Brianna jumped into William's arms as soon as he stepped out of the flying carriage.

William held the little loli in his arms and patted her head. "You shouldn't always do this. Your image of being the temporary Great Chief of the Northern Tribes will diminish if others were to see your current expression."

Brianna took a few steps back as she stuck out her tongue. William could only shake his head in helplessness as he helped Wendy and Ian disembark from the flying carriage. It took them three days to reach the Third Peak of the Kyrintor Mountains from the Armstrong Duchy.

"How long are you going to stay here, Big Brother?" Brianna asked after William and his entourage settled inside the living room of the Great Chieftain's residence.

"We will stay for a while," William replied. "There are some things that I must take care of before meeting with your Sovereign."

Brianna nodded in understanding. She knew better than to pry into the affairs of her Big Brother, especially when it had something to do with their Sovereign, that protected the entirety of the Kyrintor Mountains. 

"You can stay here for as long as you like, Big Brother," Brianna patted her chest with confidence. "I am the one that calls the shots here right now."

William smirked as he playfully rubbed Brianna's hair with his hand. "You sure talk big now, huh? Fine, I'll accept your hospitality and stay here for a while. By the way, how are the Tribes?"

"All of them have already relocated here. At first, they were reluctant to leave their ancestral lands. However, they changed their minds when I told them that it was the order of our Sovereign."

"... You sure know what words to say to your people."

Brianna giggled as she closed her eyes to accept William's act of spoiling her rotten. Prince Ernest sighed beside Brianna because he had already come to terms with his Fiance's and William's close relationship.

Ian and Wendy also didn't mind this show of affection because they understood that William only saw Brianna as a little sister and not as a lover.

"Oh, I almost forgot," William said with a smile. "Can you give us a room with a large bed? I'm planning to share the room with Ian and Wendy."

Brianna tilted her head as she looked at Ian and Wendy. She could understand why William would like to share the same room with Wendy, but she didn't understand why Ian would also join them as well.

'Am I just overthinking things?' Brianna thought as she nodded her head to acknowledge William's request. "We have a room just like that, Big Brother. It has a bed big enough to fit six people. Afterall, the Warriors of the Northern Tribes usually have two or more wives."


Brianna suddenly remembered the event that happened not long ago.

If William hadn't appeared in the Kyrintor Mountains back then, Brianna's uncle, Connal, would have married Princess Aila and a few other ladies from the different tribes after the Bride Selection Ceremony. 

Also, Brianna would have also been forced to marry the second Prince of the Anaesha Dynasty, who had been turned to ashes by William during their duel.

"I'll have your quarters prepared right away, Big Brother." Brianna stood up. "For now, I'll let you talk to Ernest. I'm sure that the two of you have many things to talk about."

Brianna didn't wait for William's reply and left the living room. She also ordered her maid servants to follow her as they prepared William's, Ian's, Wendy's, and Dave's lodgings. 

"You'd better take care of her properly, Prince Ernest," William said as he faced the Youngest Prince of the Hellan Kingdom. "I'll make you sorry if you make her cry."

Prince Ernest gave William a curt nod before asking about the affairs of the Hellan Kingdom. William didn't hold back any information because the Youngest Prince had the right to know.

Prince Ernest showed a rare expression of anger when he heard that his Big Brothers had been in cahoot with The Organization that was responsible for the war and the Continental Spell, that turned the adults into crystal statues. 

The Youngest Prince didn't doubt William's story because he knew that the Half-Elf wouldn't waste his time to fake a report just to frame his brothers.

"Where are they now?" Prince Ernest asked after a brief period of silence.

"They're no longer in the capital," William answered. "According to credible sources, The Organization took them back to their Headquarters. Right now, Est and the Son of the Prime Minister are handling the affairs of the Capital City of Gladiolus."

Prince Ernest nodded his head. He was quite familiar with the two people that William had mentioned.

"Brendan is very capable," Prince Ernest stated. "He was raised by his father to take his place the moment he retired from service. As for Head Prefect Est..." 

Prince Ernest's expression softened when he thought of the one that led the First Years of the Magic Division. 

"He is a good choice to lead the people in the absence of the Royal Family," Prince Ernest commented. 


The Young Prince then looked at William with a serious expression before asking a question.

"Can I go back to the capital? Maybe I can help ease their burden," Prince Ernest asked. "My presence will also pacify the survivors. Although I am not as popular as my older brothers, the citizens will still recognize me as their Prince."

William rubbed his chin as he pondered Ernest's suggestion. It was true that having the Young Prince return to the capital would give the Citizens some peace of mind. After careful consideration, William told Prince Ernest that he would think about it.

The only reason why he didn't say Yes right away was because of the threat of The Organization. Although they had pulled back the majority of their forces from the capital, they could still return at any time, which might put Prince Ernest in danger.

Prince Ernest also understood this, so he didn't force this issue. The reason he proposed such a thing was because he was feeling useless. Brianna was currently responsible for taking care of her Tribe, while he, on the other hand, had nothing to do but accompany her.

This sense of helplessness, and not getting any news from the capital, was making Prince Ernest feel depressed. It was as if he was sent to a foreign land to act as a hostage, never to return to his own Kingdom again.

Nighttime inat Asgard…

Wendy opened her eyes and found herself in a familiar room. This was not the first time that she had a dream like this and had gotten used to it. Her face reddened in expectation as she waited for William and her adult self to do the deed.

What she didn't know was this night would be different from the ones she had experienced in the past.

William came out of the shower room with only a towel covering the lower half of his body. 

Wendy almost drooled when she saw the adult William's lean and toned body that still had a few water droplets sticking to it. This was the body of the man that had made her face turn beet red, countless times in the past.

"What's wrong?" William asked. "You're surprisingly quiet today?"

Wendy turned her head to look behind her, expecting to see her adult self, but what she saw was her own reflection in the full body mirror inside the room. She then turned to the side, expecting to see the Valkyrie Captain sitting on one of the chairs inside the room, but it was empty.

A dawn of realization fell on Wendy at the same time that William's hand caressed the side of her face.

"Are you sick?" William asked in a teasing tone. "Why are you acting so meek right now?"


Wendy's body shuddered as she immediately took a few steps back. She then raised a hand in an attempt to keep the silver-haired man at bay and prevent him from coming close to her. 

"W-Wait! Something is wrong here!" Wendy exclaimed. "Y-You've got the wrong Wendy!"

"What are you talking about?" William frowned. "What do you mean, I've 'got the wrong Wendy'."

"L-Listen! It's not what you think! I mean, I am Wendy, but I am not the Wendy that you are looking for!"

"... What nonsense are you talking about?"

"I mean, I am not the Valkyrie Captain Wendy that you married!" Wendy exclaimed. "I'm not her!"

A soft chuckle escaped the Silver-Haired William's lips. Of course he knew what Wendy was talking about. 

Although the hair-color he had right now was Silver, the one inside the body was none other than William who had used the power of his Incubus Job Class to enter Wendy's dream. 

He was curious to find out what Wendy was dreaming about right now, so he entered her dream to take a peek. To his surprise, he found himself in the same familiar setting where he would usually make love to the Adult Wendy in his dreams.

'From her words, this means that this is not the first time that she has been here,' William mused. 'Interesting.'

William watched as the Adult Wendy, who used to beat the crap out of him, looked at him with caution.

His goal was to only take a peek at Wendy's dream, but the current scenario opened up a possibility to him.

'What if…' William thought as he gazed at the beautiful lady in front of him. 'Well, I'll find out soon enough.'

William smiled sweetly and his smile made Wendy shudder. It was the smile of a Wolf that was about to eat a snow-white rabbit that had unknowingly wandered close to its lair. 

Clearly, tonight would be a different night for the two of them.





Chapter 409

(Disclaimer: This chapter contains scenes not suitable for children. You have watched enough H to know what's going to happen next. If you're not comfortable in reading scenes like this, feel free to skip this Chapter.)

"D-Don't come any closer! If you come closer I'll scream!" Wendy said as she backed into the corner of the room.

She was currently wearing a semi-transparent, black, one-piece night dress that covered her curvaceous body. The night dress made her want to bury herself inside a hole due to embarrassment.

When she had seen her adult self wearing this night-dress for the first time, she had secretly felt jealous because the Silver-haired William looked so happy when he saw her in that attire. She had also witnessed how the two shared a passionate night that lasted until four in the morning before they decided to stop their lovemaking.

Now that she was wearing the same night dress, and was in the body of her adult form, Wendy felt like she was about to get eaten whole. She had seen how capable the silver-haired William was in her dreams. 

Although she had looked forward to being embraced the same way, her heart only wanted her beloved Half-Elf and not the handsome silver-haired William in front of her. 

"Please, there is someone else that I love," Wendy pleaded. "I want him to be my first. I can't make love with you."

The Silver-haired man stopped walking and the teasing expression on his face disappeared. Wendy thought that the handsome man would not listen to her and continue to approach her if she let her guard down.

However, the man didn't move from where he stood. Instead he looked at Wendy with eyes filled with affection.

"I'm sorry for teasing you, Wendy," William said. "I didn't know that you loved me this much."

William waved his hand over his face and the adult version of himself appeared in front of Wendy. 

Wendy looked at the man's red-hair and the light-green eyes that looked back at her with love. The blonde beauty's eyes then stared at the semi-pointy ears that proved her lover's race, which was indeed Half-Elf.

"W-Will?" Wendy asked half hoping that what she was seeing was true.

"It's me," William replied. 

Wendy was about to go to him to give him a hug, but hesitated in the end. She didn't want to make a mistake, so she decided to ask questions first to confirm whether this was the Half-Elf she loved or was just a figment of her imagination.

"How old are you?" Wendy inquired.

"I just turned fifteen a few days ago," William answered.


"You did?"

"Yes."

"Why didn't you tell me?" Wendy frowned. "Does Ashe know?"

William nodded. "She celebrated my birthday with me. She even got drunk and started to kis-"

The Half-Elf abruptly stopped his words, which made Wendy quite curious.

"Go on. Continue."

"Let's talk about something else."

William walked towards Wendy and pulled her into his embrace. Although he didn't mind talking about how proactive Ashe was in her drunken state, he didn't want to talk about other women in front of Wendy.

Owen, and the Goddess Eros, told him that talking about another woman in front of another lady would definitely lead to a bad ending. In order to prevent that from happening, William decided to take the lead and stir the conversation away from the topic.

Wendy tried to resist at first, but William's whispers of love in her ears made her resistance not last long. In the end the two sat on top of the bed, while hugging each other.

"Do you always have this kind of dream?" William asked. 

Wendy nodded her head as her face reddened in embarrassment.

"How often do you have this dream?" William inquired. He wanted to know if the frequency of Wendy's dreams of Asgard matched his own.

"At least twice a week," Wendy admitted. "However, after returning to our Duchy, the frequency of my dreams increased to four or five times a week."

Wend raised her head to look at William. "How about you?"

"Two to three times a week as well," William replied. "They started on the night I gave you my Lollipop."

"... The night where they did thirty rounds?" Wendy asked.


"Yes. I did it with her thirty roun… what? How did you know that we did thirty rounds?"

"... You did it with her thirty times?"

William suddenly felt a chill run down his spine as beads of sweat formed on his forehead. 

"A-At that time I thought that it was only a dream," William replied. "S-She pleaded that I make love to her while being tied to the bed."

Wendy snorted. Of course she remembered that scene. How could she possibly forget? It was a very memorable night for her. It taught her a lot of things about how lovers showed their affection to each other. 

The blonde beauty then held Wiliam's shoulder and pinned him down on the bed. "Even if that was only a dream, and the Adult me begged you to do it, you still made love to a different version of me. That is considered cheating. Do you plead guilty to your crime?"

"Y-Yes. I plead guilty." William didn't know why, but Wendy's current strength was similar to the strength of the Valkyrie Captain in his dreams. 

It was as if a mountain was pressing on his shoulders and he couldn't budge from her hold. 

Wendy knew that William wasn't at fault, but she wasn't able to stop herself from feeling a bit irritated because the adult version of her managed to make love to the boy she liked first. Also, the one thing that made her unable to forget that particular dream was the fact that William had done it thirty times!

She was about to nag at the boy when she felt something warm and hard poking her backside. Wendy turned around to see that the towel that had been covering William's lower body had been cast aside when she suddenly pinned him down.

Wendy looked at Little William who was standing tall and proud. It was as if it was challenging her to go thirty rounds with him.

The blonde beauty's face immediately blushed when she remembered that night of intense passion that had been locked away inside her heart.

"I'm sorry," William said as he placed his hand on the back of Wendy's neck and gently pulled her close to him. "I was wrong. I didn't think properly back then."

His lips pressed over Wendy's and the latter reluctantly returned his kiss. William coaxed his lover with soft kisses and words of love that made Wendy temporarily forget the crime he had committed.

The next thing she knew, she was lying on the bed with the Half Elf on top of her.

William's hands and lips wandered all over her body and it sent a shiver down her spine. The grudge and reasoning that she tried to hold on to melted away due to William's soft and relentless attacks that made her writhe in pleasure.

This was not the first time that William had made love to the body of the Adult Wendy in his dreams. However, this time, it was different. Although the body was not hers, the person inside it was the first girl who had confessed her love to him in this world. 


The person that William had recognized as his First Wife.

William kissed, licked, sucked, and bit Wendy all over. He left his mark on his lover's body to affirm that she belonged only to him.

Wendy had long lost her strength as William used the skills he had learned from Owen and Lady Eros to bring the lady he loved to the peak of pleasure.

The blonde beauty's body trembled the moment the two of them became one. William was currently in his Incubus Class. The techniques he learned from the Goddess of Lust herself made Wendy's sweet and sensual voice reverberate inside the room.

"Will.. I'm scared," Wendy said as she wrapped her arms around William's neck. "I-I feel weird."

William momentarily paused as he kissed Wendy's lips. "Don't be scared. I love you, Wendy." 

Wendy looked at her beloved's eyes and smiled, "I love you too, Will. Please, make me yours."

With his lover's permission, William once again lowered his hips, building up the pleasure with each thrust.

Suddenly, Wendy's body shivered at the same time that William released his essence deep inside her. The blonde beauty could feel her beloved's seed filling up her womb and it almost made her lose consciousness due to its intensity.

A minute passed as William and Wendy panted for breath. Both of them didn't expect that their first union, inside a dream world, would be so intense that they thought that their spirits were leaving their bodies.

After regaining his composure, William looked down at his lover with a fiery gaze. Wendy saw the hungry look in her lover's eyes and her body trembled in fear and anticipation of what was about to come.

"You're not getting any sleep tonight," William declared.

Wendy sighed as she surrendered herself to the man she loved. 

Both of them knew that this was only a dream, but they didn't care. 

They didn't care that it would take them a few years before they gained the adult bodies that they had right now. What was important was that, tonight, they reaffirmed the love they had for each other, while they waited to come of age.

When that day came, William vowed that he would no longer hold back and make love not only with Wendy, but to all the women who loved him as well. 

But, for now, all of his attention was focused on the girl that had made him open his heart. A girl whom he would treasure for the rest of his life. Now and Forever.





Chapter 410

Ashe looked at Wendy who was sitting inside the big bathtub. The blonde beauty had a very satisfied smile on her face and was currently humming a tune as she soaked herself in hot water. 

"You seem happy today," Ashe said with a smile. "Did something good happen?"

Wendy giggled before nodding her head. She even gave Ashe a mischievous gaze which piqued the latter's curiosity. The mermaid also noticed that Wendy was like a changed person after she had woken up. 

Ashe could sense that the current Wendy was brimming with confidence and energy, which was quite different from how she had been just a few days ago.

'I wonder what happened?'

Ashe was genuinely curious about this sudden change in her friend's character. She also linked Wendy's current bubbly self to the Half-Elf who was currently inside the Thousand Beast Domain to take care of some important matters.

"What happened?" Ashe inquired. "Spill it."

"Not telling!" Wendy playfully stuck out her tongue as she dreamily closed her eyes. The events that had transpired inside the dream were still in her memory. Originally, she thought that she would forget about this passionate dream the moment she woke up.

She had told this worry of hers to William as they held each other after their passionate lovemaking. 

William smiled and promised her that he would ensure that she would remember the dream even when she was awake. Although she didn't know what William did, the events of what happened last night were very fresh in her memory.

In fact, she felt that she could recall this memory anytime, and the images would flow inside her head as clearly as the night they whispered words of love to each other. 

Ashe knew that she wouldn't be getting any answers from Wendy, so she decided to just interrogate William later. She had a nagging feeling that whatever was causing Wendy's radiant expression was something major.

'I will get into the bottom of this later,' Ashe vowed as she joined Wendy inside the bathtub. 'Whatever is making Wendy act this way, I want some of it as well.'

Inside the Thousand Beast Domain…

A sudden chill passed down William's spine as he checked the conditions of Dia, Thor,and Ragnar. 

"Mama, did you suddenly feel a cold breeze pass through here?" William asked.

"Cold breeze?" Ella tilted her head. "I don't feel anything."

"Must be my imagination."

"Make sure to take a hot shower later just in case. We are high up in the mountains, so it's natural to feel cold from time to time."

William nodded his head. Although his body was already strong, and he had Lily's lollipops to protect him from the common cold, he still thought that he should take precautions just in case there was something wrong with his body.


He had visited the Thousand Beast Domain because there had been changes in Thor's and Ragnar's bodies. 

The stripes on Thor's body had become more pronounced as if they were real lightning bolts. Ragnar, on the other hand, had grown a little bit. He was now about the same size as Thor. Only Dia remained the same and there were no visible changes in her body.

"Do you think they will wake up soon?" William inquired.

Ella nodded her head. "Yes. I can tell that Thor and Ragnar are about to finish their growth phase."

"I'm worried about Dia. She's still in a deep sleep and I see no changes in her body."

"Don't be. Dia is fine. Her body is taking sufficient magical energy from the Magic Crystals. Perhaps, her next phase requires more energy, so no visible changes can be seen at the moment."

William scratched his head because he was not an expert in Magical Beasts. If Ella was telling him that Dia was fine then it must be true.

"Have you connected the new dungeon with the Thousand Beast Domain?" Ella inquired. "Chronos, Aslan, and the others are getting excited about their new playground."

William shook his head. "I'm still in the middle of relocating the Bestiary from the Goblin Crypt to the first floor of the Atlantis Dungeon. It is a very delicate process. According to my estimate, it will take at least six more hours before everyone can travel there."

Ella nodded her head in understanding. She didn't ask how William was able to do the things he was able to do because there was no need for her to ask him. David had already passed all the information he knew about William's Divinities to her, so she left him to his own devices.

"Mama, are you also excited to explore this new dungeon?" William asked. 

"Yes," Ella replied. "I think the other goats are also nearing their limit. Perhaps they will be able to evolve in a month or two."

William smiled, "I hope for that as well." 

Ever since the Wolf Tide, he hadn't raised any other goats again aside from the thirteen survivors of his herd. He made sure that they gained enough experience points so that they would become stronger and evolve just like Ella did.

The only dungeon that they had officially explored was the Goblin Crypt. William was looking forward to leveling up his Job Classes in order to prepare for the inevitable war that would come knocking on their doors sooner or later.

William bid Ella goodbye and left the Magic Crystal Cavern. There were many things that he had to take care of and one of them was the good news that he received from The System after waking up. 

After his passionate night with Wendy, the System had come across a very interesting development that made William extremely happy. 

< Familia Oversoul>

-- Allows the Host to harness the power of his bond with his Familia Members.

-- Depending on the strength of the bond, the host will be able to use his Familia Member's ability and vice versa. 


Familia: 

( Ashera Dy Cordelia )

( Wendy Cy Armstrong )

( Not Available )

( Not Available )

( Not Available )

< Familia >

< Second Familia Member >

-- Wendy Cy Armstrong

-- Host is able to use Steel Spikes Skill

-- Host is able to use Steel Wall Skill

-- Host has acquired Familia Oversoul Skill

-- Increase +10 enhancement bonus to all stats 

Strength of Stats and Abilities will increase, or decrease, depending on the Synchronization Rate between the host and his Familia Member. 

-- Synchronization Rate: 35%

For some unknown reason, Wendy was registered as William's second Familia member. Although they did the deed inside the dream, William didn't expect that the King's Chesspiece would activate and register Wendy's name as part of his Familia.

This opened up new possibilities for William because it allowed him to add a Subclass to his First Wife Candidate, which would increase her battle prowess. Not only that, Wendy would also be able to use the Experience Points inside the dungeon to increase her Rank as well as increase the levels of her Job Class.

However, there was some additional information in Wendy's stats that made William feel like scratching his head in confusion.

Name: Wendy Cy Armstrong

Race: Human


Age: 16

Job Class: Magic Lancer (Level 28)

Subclass: None

Locked Prestige Class: Valkyrie 

(Requirements not met)

< Valkyrie >

-- Requirements to unlock Job Class

-- Soul Mate Skill

-- Imperial Lancer

-- Celestial Bloodline

William didn't know whether he should laugh or cry after seeing this hidden Prestige Class that Wendy could unlock once its requirements were met.

The Imperial Lancer was easy to understand, because it was the second stage of the Magic Lancer. However, he didn't know where he could get the Soul Mate Skill and the Celestial Bloodline that was also needed to unlock this Prestige Class, which William believed had a deep connection with Wendy.

'Asgard…?' William thought. 

At the beginning, he thought that the dreams were just dreams. But, now, he felt that he needed to keep an eye out for any developments that might happen in his dreams. 

Wendy's Hidden Prestige Class was a clear indicator that there was a deeper meaning behind the dreams they were encountering.

It was quite possible for Wendy to live her life without discovering this hidden power inside her body. However, since William had already discovered it, he would certainly do his best to help Wendy unlock this power inside her.

William exited the Thousand Beast Domain and returned to his room within the Great Chieftain's residence. He was just about to look for Wendy when he noticed Ian sitting on the bed.

"Are you finished with your tasks?" Ian inquired. 

William nodded. "There are still things that need to be done, but I am free for now."

Ian smiled and walked towards Will. "Since that is the case, can you explain to me what happened to Wendy? She's practically glowing today as if she had been injected with some kind of powerful serum that will keep her young and springy for years."


William's body stiffened when Ian transformed into her mermaid form and pressed her hand over her chest. Although he was wearing clothes, Ashe's hand rested directly over the gem embedded in his chest.

"I don't know what special serum you gave her, but I want some of it too," Ashe demanded. "Will, you can't play favorites. Are you going to give it to me? Or must I make you give it to me by force?"

Ashe's hands then wrapped around William's waist as she gave him a firm hug. Clearly, she had no intention of letting the Half-Elf go unless her demands were met.




Chapter 411

William started to sweat buckets as his mermaid lover demanded that he give her whatever special serum that he had injected into Wendy, that made the blonde beauty look so bright, and springy today.

"What's wrong?" Ashe inquired. "Are you saying that I'm not qualified to have it? Whatever Wendy can do, I can definitely do better."

William stared into Ashe's light-purple eyes before making his resolve. He lowered his head to whisper something in her ears that made the body of the young lady who was hugging him firmly shudder.

"Ashe, are you sure you want to do it?" William asked softly. 

William didn't know if he could recreate a dreamworld for Ashe, but he was willing to give it a try in order to meet his lover's demand. 

Ashe lowered her head and didn't say anything. William waited patiently for her answer because he didn't want to force her to do anything that she didn't want.

Finally, a voice that was barely audible escaped Ashe's lips.

"...wan… it."

Even with William's powerful hearing, he was barely able to understand the words that Ashe had just said. Even so, the redness that had extended up to the tip of Ashe's ears was more than enough to tell him what he wanted to know.

However, William still wanted to hear it clearly and coaxed the blushing mermaid to repeat what she just said.

"I want it." Ashe finally relented as she buried her head on William's chest. "In the eyes of the mermaid race, I am already your wife. It is only normal that we…"

Ashe wasn't able to finish her words due to embarrassment. Instead, she pounded William's chest with her closed fist in order to hide her bashfulness.


What she didn't know was that this gesture of hers only made her look more endearing in William's eyes. He wrapped his arms around her waist and whispered something in her ears.

Ashe then raised her head and stared at William's eyes. The Half-Elf nodded and lowered his face to kiss her lips.

The two of them were so lost in their own world that they didn't notice the door of their room opening. William and Ashe continued their passionate kiss, disregarding those around them. 

Only when their kiss ended, did they finally realize that they were no longer alone inside the room. 

Two pairs of eyes stared at the Half-Elf and the blue-haired girl who were holding each other in a firm embrace.

"Go on. Don't mind us," Wendy said as she chewed on some walnuts. 

She was currently seated on top of the bed and she was not alone. Sitting right next to her was Brianna, who was looking at William, and the beautiful lady that she had never seen before, with genuine curiosity.

"Big Brother, I didn't know that you were such a good kisser," Brianna praised. "Can you teach me?"

The adorable loli threw a grenade that could be interpreted the wrong way intentionally. Clearly, the little troublemaker wanted to see how her Big Brother, Wendy, and the lady in Wililam's arms would react to her innocent request.

William knew that if he agreed to Brianna's request, even in a joking manner, he would be sleeping on the floor tonight. He also felt Ashe's two fingers subtly shift on his waist and knew that he would be in a world of pain if he gave the wrong answer.

"Brianna, kisses are for adults," William said in a righteous manner. It was as if he was a monk who was free from worldly desires. "You are still too young. Save your kisses for when you grow older."

"Tsk!" Brianna clicked her tongue as she grabbed a walnut to eat. Her little prank had failed, so she decided to eat while looking at her Big Brother in a mischievous manner. However, the next scene that unfolded before her eyes made her drop the walnut in her hand to the carpeted floor, as her jaw dropped in surprise.


Ashe had reverted back to her boy form and looked at Brianna with a smile. She knew that Brianna was a person that William trusted, so she didn't mind sharing this secret with her. 

"Y-You are a girl?!" Brianna gasped in shock as she stared wide-eyed at Ian.

Ian nodded and pressed a finger over her lips. "Keep this as a secret. You understand, right, Brianna?"

Brianna hastily nodded her head in understanding. She was there when Princess Sidonie had interrogated Ian. Back then, she just thought that Wiliam and Ian only had a close relationship because he was one of William's Knights. She never thought that Princess Sidonie's accusation was spot on.

William felt Wendy's gaze and the latter was looking at him with a very sweet smile plastered on her face. He could tell that his first girlfriend wasn't the least bit bothered by the kiss that Ashe had shared with him. 

This change in Wendy's mindset surprised William. All of a sudden, she felt more mature in his eyes. The Wendy he was familiar with had a hidden inferiority complex that she had openly exposed to him.

He used to always assure her not to compare herself to others, especially to his fiance, Rebecca, because in his eyes, she was already very beautiful. 

Now, that same Wendy was looking back at him with confidence, knowing that William truly loved her with all of his heart.

'I guess she stepped into adulthood last night,' William thought as he approached his first lover to give her a kiss as well.

Ashe had already given her consent and William wanted to meet her expectations. The only question was, what kind of scene he would see when he visited her dream tonight. Although he wasn't sure of how far he could take the Incubus Job Class, he was willing to do some experiments in order to understand how the Dream World worked.

Somewhere in the Hellan Kingdom…

Conner surveyed the land from the sky, while riding a Gryphon. He was currently at the South Eastern Side of the Hellan Kingdom, looking for any signs of the dungeon that had vanished without a trace.


With the Oathkeeper Key in his hands, he was looking for any kind of reaction from the artifact as he did a systematic sweep over the ground. 

Ever since the Hidden Valley had disappeared, the majority of the members of Deus had split up to look for the signs of the monument that served as the entrance to the Undying Lands. Their comrades, who had accompanied Conner when he inspected the Domain, had assured them that it was a Domain filled with priceless treasures.

This information was enough for the members of Deus to take this mission seriously as they looked for the Hidden Valley in the territories that had been assigned to them.

Conner was getting agitated with each day that passed without results. It was as if he was presented with a very delicious dish from a high-class restaurant. However, before he could even take a bite from his plate, the waiter decided to take it away and clean up the entire table, without leaving anything behind.

This made Conner very depressed and his temper also grew by the day. After another day of fruitless labor, Conner decided to rethink his plans for the Hellan Kingdom. Now that the Kraetor Empire and Elven Armies had arrived, his plan to take over the entire continent was no longer possible.

In fact, he was quite pissed off on how things turned out the way it did. After all the resources he had spent, and all the years that he had planned to secure the Oathkeeper Key and activate the Continental Spell, the gains he got were abysmal.

The faces of his two colleagues flashed inside his mind. Conner cursed them inwardly because the two of them had taken advantage of all of his hard work, and conquered three of the four factions that ruled over the Southern Continent with very little effort.

The ridicule and contempt had been very evident in Berthold's and Alessio's eyes when they came to see him. How he wanted to gauge their eyes out at that time, but he held back because fighting the two of them at the same time was a very stupid thing to do. 

Conner felt very helpless. He understood that Alessio and Berthold would not spare him if they succeeded in conquering the Hellan Kingdom. He only had two choices and they were to flee or to fight against them.

The only reason why he was still hesitant to leave the Hellan Kingdom to its fate was the possibility of finding the Undying Lands after their relentless searching. His teeth ached at the thought of having his two acquaintances accidentally find the Hidden Domain after they took over the kingdom.

The only solace he had about all of this was that the Oathkeeper Key was in his hands. Berthold and Alessio weren't aware of the existence of the Undying Lands. Even if they were to find the monument by accident, they would just think that it was just a structure from the distant past. 

After pondering for a while, he decided to continue his search for the Hidden Valley for a few more days before returning to the Hellan Capital. He had already invested too much to find the Secret of Immortality that he was unwilling to give up in his search. 


This gave Est and Brendan enough time to bring all of the survivors, who remained on the outskirts of the Hellan Kingdom, back to the Capital City of Gladiolus. 




Chapter 412

< Host. The Bestiary has been successfully relocated on the first floor of Atlantis. Also, the connection between the Thousand Beast Domain and the new dungeon has been successfully established. >

William was currently having an afternoon nap on Wendy's lap, when the System notified him of the successful connection between the Goblin Crypt, the Thousand Beast Domain, and the new Dungeon--Atlantis.

This allowed the members of his Legion to travel unimpeded to the new frontier that was waiting for them. 

Ian and Wendy still didn't know about Atlantis, and he was planning to tell them about it as well as show it to them as soon as the System finished with the initial preparation. Now it was done, it was time for him to share his secret to his two lovers who would not allow him to leave to go on a Dungeon expedition without taking them with him.

"There is something that I want to show you girls," William said as he propped himself up. 

"What are you going to show us?" Wendy asked.

Ian, who was drinking tea not far from them, raised her head to look at William. She had already seen a few of the Half-Elf's secrets. However, since William was saying that he wanted to show something to Wendy and her, it meant that it was something that she didn't know about before now.

William smiled and extended his hands to his two lovers. The two girls, in turn, held his hands firmly. Wherever William was going, they would definitely accompany him no matter what.

The scenery changed immediately as William teleported the three of them inside the Thousand Beast Domain. 

This was not the first time that Wendy had been to this place, but her surprise was still reflected on her face. When she saw William's personal army gathered around them.


The Giant White Ox, Erchitu, and the Minotaur Races stood on one side.

The Centaurs, who were already equipped with their bows, arrows, and lances, were standing at the ready.

The Angray Birds and Blood Eagle, Scadrez, circled around them waiting for the order to depart.

Mohawk and the Cercopes Monkeys sat on the ground while holding the Hollow Concrete Blocks in their hands.

Fenrir and his trollhounds had a look of excitement on their faces as they eyed the red-headed boy whom they chose to follow.

Kasogonaga and Psoglav were also present. The two of them definitely wouldn't miss the opportunity to tag along and see what the new Dungeon was about.

Ella and the rest of the Angorian Ibexes were also raring to go.

The new residents of the Thousand Beast Domain--namely the Black-Winged Panthers, Supreme Killer Koalas, Crimson Cavern Wolf Spiders--were also gathered to embark on this expedition. 

As for the Goblins? They were still inside the Goblin Crypt and waiting for William to summon them.

Wendy looked at this sizable force with awe and admiration. They were all the subordinates of her lover and it filled her with pride.


She was also very happy that William was willing to share his secrets with her. Wendy unconsciously tightened her grip on William's hand, and the latter gave hers a gentle squeeze that put her heart at ease.

"I gathered all of you today, because we will be exploring a new dungeon," William declared, as he let go of Wendy's and Ian's hands. "This dungeon has a Hundred Floors, and I'm sure that it will not be an easy task to clear all of its floors. However, I am confident that no matter how long it takes, we will be able to conquer it without fail!"

Cheers, grunts, howls, and shrieks of approval greeted William's declaration. He then waved his hand and a Giant Portal appeared a few meters away from him. It was a portal that led to the first floor of the Dungeon of Atlantis and the members of his Herd and King's Legion eyed it with anticipation.

"Everyone, let's move out!" William ordered. He then walked towards the portal holding Stormcaller in his hands. Wendy and Ian walked beside him like Shieldmaidens, accompanying their chosen warrior to battle.

The next to follow were Ella and the War Ibexes. They were William's Core Team Members and their role was to always be by his side.

Fenrir and the trollhounds were the next to cross through the portal. William had already assigned their positions in his Legion, and the trollhounds served as the vanguard of WIlliam's army. 

Next to enter the portal was the Minotaur race. They were William's heavy infantry that would charge at his foes and trample them under their feet. 

The Cercopes Monkeys and the Centaur Race followed afterward. They were the range units of William's legion that would attack their enemies from a distance. 

With a powerful shriek, Scadrez, along with the Angray Birds, entered the portal. They served as William's air support that would attack from the sky when needed.

The System had already informed William that the dungeon of Atlantis was a high-grade Dungeon. Each Floor was very spacious and even had a sky that allowed flying creatures to roam freely.


This proved that this Dungeon was definitely different from normal Dungeons like the Goblin Crypt that only had a high ceiling. 

Psoglav swaggered inside the portal with a smile. He was looking forward to the treasures that he would find within its depths. Kasogonaga, on the other hand, sat on Shalla's back--the lead Pantheress of the Black-Winged Tigers.

The leader of the Panthers was already acquainted with the little rainbow-colored Demigod and allowed him to mount her back as they joined William on this expedition.

The Supreme Killer Koalas and the Crimson Cavern Wolf Spiders were the last to enter the portal. They served as William's rearguard.

For the time being, William decided not to include the Goblins in this expedition. They were put on standby in case something unexpected happened. 

William didn't dare to underestimate the Dungeon of Atlantis. A Dungeon that had a hundred floors and was rated as an SSR Dungeon would definitely have a Myriad Beast as its final boss. 

The System also informed William that there was a low possibility that instead of a Myriad Beast, the final boss of the Atlantis Dungeon was a Pseudo-Demigod.

William agreed with the System's conjecture. Atlantis was a Legendary Dungeon. It was not far-fetched for a being of such power to be the top dog of a Hundred-Floor dungeon.

It reminded him of the Dracolich inside the Undying Lands who was also a Pseudo-Demigod. The only silver lining was that the Dracolich was imprisoned and would stay that way for a few more years.

William hoped that when that time came, he would be strong enough to fight against a being that had been alive since the Era of the Gods.





Chapter 413

William looked at the clear blue sky above him, for a brief moment before looking at the Marshland in front of him. 

Just like the System had informed him, the first floor of the dungeon was very spacious and extended for miles. 

The map in his status page was still shrouded in darkness, but it was slowly clearing up with each passing minute. 

Scadrez and the Angray Birds had split up in several directions to help explore the first floor of the dungeon. This allowed William and the System to identify the first batch of monsters that they were about to face.

When William saw the monsters that spawned on the first floor of the dungeon, he wasn't able to stop his lips from twitching.

The reason? He was quite familiar with this monster because it was the typical beginner mob in most RPG games.

"Slimes…," William muttered. "Blue Slimes."

William looked at the jelly-like creatures who were approaching them very slowly. He still didn't know their abilities, but if his guess was correct, these low-level monsters wouldn't pose much of a threat to them.

Fenrir and the trollhounds immediately charged forward to engage the slimes. The trollhounds bit them and the blue slimes exploded in their jaws like gelatin.

< Gained Exp Points: 1 >

William wasn't surprised by this outcome. Afterall, a single slime couldn't possibly give that much experience, especially to their current numbers.

So any experience points that the Half-Elf, his Familia, his Herd and the members of his King's Legion gained by killing monsters inside this Dungeon would automatically be shared by all of them.

"Go and explore the first floor," William ordered. "All of you group up in teams of four and above. If you find anything suspicious let me know."

The members of his King's Legion voiced their agreement and they formed their teams to explore the first floor of the Dungeon. 


Ella stayed behind to accompany William, Ian, and Wendy. This was a new Dungeon, and she didn't feel safe leaving the Half-Elf behind.

When the four of them were about to choose a direction to head in, the System notified William that the exit of the dungeon had been found. 

Just as the name suggested, the exit of the Dungeon led to the outside world. It was different from the pathways or stairways that led to the second floor of the dungeon.

William didn't hesitate and led his group to where the exit was. The ones that discovered it were the Angray Birds as they flew around the skies of the Dungeon.

When William arrived at the location, he found a shiny teleportation gate that seemed to be untouched by the passing of time. He didn't know how old the Dungeon was, but the structure he was seeing in front of him looked so clean that it made him doubt his understanding of Atlantis.

Even so, he was curious to see what the outside of Atlantis looked like.

"Stay close to me," William said as he looked at Ella, Ian, and Wendy. "I don't know what is on the other side of this gate, but no matter what happens, let's stay together."

Ella, Ian, and Wendy nodded their heads in unison. 

William took a deep breath before taking a step towards the teleportation gate. Ella, Ian, and Wendy followed behind him.

After a brief moment of discomfort that could be felt right after using a teleportation gate, William, Ella, Ian, and Wendy found themselves standing on a structure overlooking a domed city that seemed to be submerged under the water. 

The water above their heads was as dark as the night, but the fishes that swam overhead glowed with their own source of light. 

This scene looked so surreal that the two ladies standing beside William weren't able to stop themselves from gasping in shock from the beautiful sight.

However, William felt the hairs on the nape of his neck stand on end because he sensed a powerful presence that was looking in their direction. 

At the same time, the glowing fishes scattered and swam away as if fleeing from something. With its source of life gone, the Ancient City was shrouded in darkness. 


Suddenly, Ian's body glowed as she transformed to her original form. Shock crossed over her face, but it only lasted for a short moment. Her beautiful face suddenly became expressionless as she turned around to face William.

"Who are you?" Ashe asked in a voice that didn't belong to her. "What are you doing in this place?"

The voice that came out of Ashe's lips sounded so ancient that it sounded very hoarse. It was as if the owner of the voice hadn't talked to anyone for a long time and it was finding it hard to form the words properly. Even so, it carried a sort of intimidation that demanded answers.

Right behind Ashe, a giant glowing red eye appeared in the darkness. This giant eye looked down on William as Ashe opened her lips to repeat her questions.

"Who are you?" Ashe asked. "What are you doing in this place?"

Ella looked up at the Giant Eye and gave it a glare. Immediately, the owner of the Giant Eye focused its attention on the goat standing beside the red-headed boy whom it was talking to. 

Half a minute later, it refocused its attention to William. This time, the voice that came out of Ashe's voice wasn't as intimidating as before. Nevertheless, it still demanded answers.

"My name is William and the lady you are possessing right now is my lover," William answered in a respectful manner. He could tell that this beast was very powerful, so making it an enemy was out of the question. 

"I would appreciate it if you didn't use her as a medium to communicate with us," William pleaded. "I'm sure that I have the ability to talk to you regardless of the language you use."

William didn't know how this creature was able to take hold of Ashe's consciousness and body. But seeing Ashe's expressionless face looking back at him made his heart ache.

The creature seemed to think for a while after hearing William's words. Moments later, it released its hold on Ashe, which made the latter lose consciousness. 

William hurriedly caught his mermaid lover and held her tight. He immediately created a pink lollipop and unceremoniously placed it inside her mouth. This was the only thing he could think of in order to cure whatever conditions Ashe might have suffered during her possession.

The System also scanned her body to check her vital signs. After doing several tests, it had assured William that Ashe had just lost consciousness since the readings of her body and mental states were all normal.

William sighed in relief as he held Ashe in a princess carry. He then stared at the giant red eye that continued to observe them from outside the dome of Atlantis.


In that dark and silent world, a series of clicking sounds reached William's ears. The beast was communicating with him using its own language, without relying on a medium. 

Due to William's skill, Wild Empathy Mythic, he understood what the creature was trying to say. However, he didn't answer it right away because he was busy looking at the information that was provided by his Appraisal Skill. 

< Leviathan >

-- Guardian of Atlantis

-- Sovereign of the Ocean

-- Demigod

-- Primeval Beast

-- Threat Level: Calamity (High)

-- Cannot be added to the herd

-- ?????

-- ?????

-- ?????

-- ?????

-- ?????


After he finished reading its information, William felt that he was about to suffer from a migraine. He didn't expect that just by visiting Atlantis, he would come face to face with one of the most elusive Demigods that resided in the world of Hestia.




Chapter 414

After the series of clicking sounds ended, William raised his head to answer Leviathan's question.

"We appeared in the Dungeon by complete accident," William stated. "Because of this, we decided to see what was outside the exit of the Dungeon and ended up here."

The giant, glowing, red eye focused its attention on William. No one could lie to a Demigod, so naturally, the Leviathan was able to tell that William was telling the truth.

The clicking sounds returned as Leviathan asked another question.

"Our purpose here is to explore the Dungeon," William replied. "If His Excellency doesn't want us to wander outside the Dungeon and explore the city then we will obey His Excellency's instructions."

After hearing William's reply, Levithan fell silent. It was as if it was thinking of a way on how to deal with William and the intruders that had entered its domain. 

A minute passed....

Two minutes....

Five minutes…

After that short period of time, the clicking sounds return.

(You may only explore the city after you have cleared the 100th Floor. Until then, you are not allowed to set foot outside the Dungeon. I will kill anyone who tries to explore the city without my permission. Do I make myself clear?)


"Yes, Your Excellency."

The giant eye narrowed its gaze and a beam of blue light fell upon Ashe. William tried to shield his unconscious love but the light passed through him. And bathed the mermaid's body in a blue light.

William immediately assigned the System to check what was going on, but the results that came out from its diagnosis was that nothing was wrong.

(She is under the curse of a powerful God. I planned to fully remove the curse from her body as compensation, but it is not possible. Because of that, I decided to grant her the ability to retain her true form whenever she is within the confines of Atlantis. Remember, none of you are allowed to step out of the Dungeon until you have cleared the Final Floor.)

Leviathan gave Ella a brief glance before swimming away. If it was only dealing with William, it wouldn't have even bothered to be polite. However, it was only a Demigod. If the Hidden Goddess beside William decided to come look for him later to seek revenge, it would be unable to offer any resistance.

This was why it compromised and compensated William for its reckless act of possessing someone important to him.

Ella watched Levithan go with a calm expression. She had no intention of making things difficult for both parties because the Demigod had already compromised. Also, there were certain restrictions that prevented her from using her Goddess Form frequently.

William was worried about Ashe's condition, so he immediately signaled for Ella and Wendy to follow him as they walked towards the teleportation gate that would lead them back into the Dungeon.

As soon as they stepped onto the first floor of the Dungeon, William communicated with his Legion, and told them that he would be returning to the Thousand Beast Domain. He forbade all of them from taking the teleportation gate that would lead them outside the Dungeon.

William didn't forget to mention his discussion with the Demigod. Because of this, everyone under William's command avoided the teleportation gate like a plague. The threat that came from a Demigod was no laughing matter. 

Everyone promised that they would just explore up to the Ninth Floor and wait for William to return before challenging the Dungeon Boss. William agreed to their plan because he also wanted to know the types of monsters that spawned on the first few floors of the Dungeon.


After relaying his orders, he returned to the Thousand Beast Domain along with Wendy and Ella. He didn't return to the residence of the Great Chieftain right away. Instead, he took Ashe to the Villa inside the Domain.

This was the house that William had bought from the God Shop to serve as his lodging area whenever he visited the Domain. Although the System had assured him that Ashe had just lost consciousness, he still wanted to check her condition personally.

Currently, Ashe was still in her mermaid form and there were no signs of her reverting back to her sealed form anytime soon. William pressed his forehead over hers and tried Synchronization, but it didn't work.

Ashe was currently in a very deep sleep and it was possible that the power that Leviathan had bestowed upon her was getting in the way of a successful Synchronization. Because of this, William decided to do the next best thing--enter her dream.

"I don't know when I'll wake up," William said to Wendy, who was looking at him anxiously, "but rest assured that I know what I am doing. And don't worry, she will be fine."

Wendy nodded her head, "Be careful."

She knew that William wouldn't allow anything to happen to them, so she didn't hold him back from what he was planning to do. 

William closed his eyes and activated his Incubus skill called Dream Walker.

This allowed him to enter a person's dream and manipulate it to a certain extent. However, he couldn't control the direction of the dream according to his wishes. What happened in Wendy's Dream World was a special case. 

They were already in their adult forms, so he didn't need to exert his abilities to twist the Dream World to accommodate his wishes.

William walked through a dark and long tunnel. He could see a bright light at its end. The red-headed boy walked towards it unhurriedly because the Dream Tunnel he was walking in wasn't very stable. 


If William were to force himself towards Ashe's Dreamworld, the connection might break and his second attempt would be twice as hard.

When William finally reached the end of the tunnel, he found himself standing in front of a clear blue lake. Before William could even look for his mermaid lover, he heard the sound of footsteps coming behind him.

William turned around just in time to see the Silver-Haired William walk straight through him. It was then when he realized that he was in an ethereal state. 

The Silver-Haired William walked towards the lake as if nothing happened. He only stopped when he reached the edge of the lake.

"I have come to take the test of Knighthood!" the Silver-Haired William declared. "I beseech you to bestow upon me a quest!"

His voice echoed across the Lake as he waited for a response. William frowned as he crossed his arms over his chest. He was surprised to see this adult version of himself in this dream, but since he was only a visitor, he couldn't do anything about it.

Naturally, he could materialize himself and make his presence known, but he chose not to do that. He had a nagging feeling that the girl he was looking for would appear soon. 

Just as he was thinking this thought, the clear and peaceful waters of the lake started to churn. Moments later, a beautiful woman with blue hair and purple eyes emerged out of its center.

William immediately recognized her as Ashe, the only difference was that she was in her adult form, just like the Valkyrie Captain, Wendy, in his dreams.

"Mortal who has just finished his coming of age ceremony, are you sure you are ready to become a Knight?"

The cool and proud voice passed through William's ears and made him look at this adult version of Ashe in a new light. The Ashe in front of him had a cold and aloof expression on her face as she stared at the mortal young man who was aiming to become a Knight.


"Yes." the Silver-Haired William. "Lady of the Lake, please, grant me a quest."




Chapter 415

The otherworldly beauty walked towards William with steady steps. She walked upon the water's surface as if she was walking on land. When she was only ten meters away from the Silver-Haired William, she stopped and raised a hand.

"If you were an ordinary mortal, I would have bestowed a simple quest upon you," Ashe said in that same cold voice that was devoid of feelings. "Unfortunately, you are no ordinary man. The bloodline of Pendragon flows inside your veins, so mundane quests would not be suitable for you."

"I will accept any quest that you will bestow upon me, Your Excellency."

"Very well, young Pendragon. Since it is a quest that you seek… a quest you shall get."

A water mirror appeared between Ashe and the Silver-Haired William. Soon, the image of an Elf, who seemed to be in deep sleep appeared on the mirror's surface.

"In the land of Alfheim, where the Elves reside, there is a girl that goes by the name Acedia," Ashe said cooly. "Your quest is to bring her to the Violet Ever Garden, where she will remain for the rest of her life. Once you accomplish this quest, you can return to me to receive your reward and my blessing."

The Silver-Haired William looked at the sleeping Elf in the water mirror and burned her image inside his memory. 

The Red-Headed William walked in front of his adult self and also looked at the mirror. There, he saw a sleeping Elf with very long golden hair that extended to the ground around her. 

The corner of WIlliam's lips twitched as he saw the Rapunzel-like Sleeping Beauty on the surface of the water mirror. 


For some unknown reason, he felt that the sleeping girl was familiar to him. However, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't recall who she was. 

Even so, the familiar feeling coming from the golden-haired girl, who was sleeping peacefully on a bed of roses, made his heart ache. He couldn't understand why he was feeling this way. Yet, William knew with certainty that he knew who she was.

While William was deep in his thoughts, the adult William inquired of The Lady of The Lake how he would get to Alfheim from Midgard. 

The red-haired William decided to put the issue of the sleeping elf girl to the side for the time being as he listened to Ashe's reply.

"Located in the East, deep within the Bridgefell Grove, lies an Old Oak Tree," Ashe answered. "It is the biggest and tallest tree in the forest, so you will identify it right away. On the ninth hour, of the ninth day, of the ninth month, a portal between Midgard and Alfheim will appear at the base of the Old Oak Tree.

"You may enter Alfheim through this passage. However, know that this passage only opens once a year. If you want to return to Midgard, you have to return on the ninth hour, of the ninth day, of the ninth month, and cross the bridge between the worlds once again."

The Silver-Haired William said his thanks and bid goodbye to the Lady who was looking at him with a cold expression. 

The red-haired William watched his adult self walk away as he rubbed his chin in thought. 

'Are these dreams perhaps connected?' William thought. 'Or is it just a coincidence?'


Asgard, Midgard, and now Alfheim. The three worlds that resided within the World Tree Yggdrasil were both familiar and unfamiliar to William. He had heard about them when he had learned a little bit about Norse Mythology, but his knowledge about it was superficial. 

He only knew about Odin, Thor, Freya, and Midgard. As for the rest, he had no idea at all!

"Fool."

An irritated voice passed through his ears and William hurriedly looked at the Lady of the Lake who was glaring in the Silver-Haired William's direction.

"You didn't even recognize me after I saved you from drowning when you were eight years old!" The Lady of the Lake's aloof expression broke down as she gnashed her teeth in anger. "Back then you said you would marry me, but after ten years, you've completely forgotten about me. I knew that Humans couldn't be trusted! All of you are thick-headed fools who only know about chivalry and fighting. I hope your head gets kicked by a donkey!"

After saying a few more curses the Lady of the Lake returned to the depths of the water. The lake once again returned to its peaceful state as if the earlier event hadn't happened.

William scratched his head because he was at a loss on what to do. The dream was coming to an end and the world was turning blurry. This meant that Ashe was about to wake up. 

The red-headed boy came to see if Ashe was alright by entering her dream. However, what he didn't expect was that he would come upon a scene, which made him wonder if the dreams had another significant meaning aside from being dreams.

Ashe opened her eyes and found herself in a familiar room. She was still half asleep, but she could feel two sets of hands that were hugging her from her left and right sides.


"Do you feel anything strange?" William asked. "Are you hurting anywhere?"

Ashe's drowsiness faded away when she heard the concern in William's voice. It was as if the haze inside her mind was slowly clearing away and it made her think more clearly.

"My head just hurts a bit, but aside from that, I am fine," Ashe replied. "What happened to me? The last thing I remembered was going out of the Dungeon. I can't remember anything after that."

William sighed as he held her hand firmly. He was relieved that Ashe was only feeling a light headache and there were no severe side-effects from being possessed by a Demigod. 

"I'll tell you everything," William said softly.

He then narrated what happened after they left the Dungeon and came upon the City of Atlantis. William didn't hide anything and told Ashe the conversation he had with the Demigod. The Half-Elf didn't tell her anything about the dream because he didn't know if it was just a one time thing or not.

He planned to visit Ashe's dreams several times before he passed on his judgement on whether her dream was connected with Wendy's dream or just a coincidence. 

His Incubus Job Class was an incomplete version, so the powers that came with it were also not complete. The only time he would be able to use the power Dream Weaver, instead of Dream Walker, was when he had come of age and visited a Temple to talk with the Goddess Eros. 

Until then, William could only use his powers as an Incubus to subtly manipulate a dream and guide it to his intended result. The chances of this succeeding were not that high, but it was still better than being carried like a leaf on the river's surface.


Unable to fight against the flow and being forced to be carried along with it.




Chapter 416

Two days had passed in the real world since William's encounter with Leviathan. He had anticipated that the dungeon floors of Atlantis would be quite vast, but he had no idea how vast they actually were. A day in the real world was equivalent to three days inside the Dungeon.

In those six days inside the dungeon, William's Herd and Legion had only managed to fully explore the first two floors. Just like he anticipated, the first Floor was only composed of slime type monsters. 

However, the true surprise was that there were some low-grade herbs that grew on the second floor of the dungeon. These herbs were quite common in the market, but Wililam didn't expect that such herbs would also grow inside a dungeon.

These herbs, when combined, could create minor healing potions. These healing potions were equivalent to one of William's red lollipops. Although its effect was minimal, having large quantities of these potions would be beneficial to him.

Additionally, these potions could be combined with the sap from the Dragon Blood Tree that was planted in his Domain, to create Greater Healing Potions with stronger healing effects. 

This was an unexpected boon to William so he assigned the Goblins to regularly collect these herbs and bring them to the Warehouse near his Villa inside the Thousand Beast Domain. 

Another thing that made William Happy was the system notification alerting him that his Goblin Crypt was now ready to receive an upgrade. 

After obtaining the Goblin Crypt, William became the Dungeon Master, which gave him full control over the dungeon. 

The system had also introduced a new feature to him called Dungeon Points. Each day the Goblin Crypt generated 100 Dungeon Points. These points allowed William to restructure the dungeon in any way that he wanted. He could add floors, traps, and even control the settings of the spawn rate of the Goblins inside the dungeon.

He also had the power to add new monsters that were suitable for the Goblin Crypt. The System also told William that the more floors a dungeon had, the more Dungeon Points it would generate on a daily basis.


10 Floors = 50 DP

20 Floors = 75 DP

30 Floors = 100 DP

40 Floors = 500 DP

50 Floors = 2000 DP

60 Floors = 10,000 DP

70 Floors = 30,000 DP

80 Floors = 50,000 DP

90 Floors = 100.000 DP

100 Floors = 500,000 DP


Dungeon Points: 2,458

William tilted his head when he saw the current amount of Dungeon Points. According to his calculations, he should only have 200 Dungeon Points because the Daily Point reward only counted the days outside the dungeon. 

'System, why do I have a surplus of Dungeon Points?' William asked. He was quite happy that he had more than he expected. The reason he asked the System was to know where the points were coming from. 

< Host. It seems that we get 1 Dungeon Point for every monster we kill inside the Atlantis Dungeon. My theory is that whenever a Goblin kills something inside the Dungeon, it is automatically converted to Dungeon Points. >

'Doesn't this mean we can farm Dungeon Points if we unleash the entire Goblin Army on a mad killing spree?'

< Yes. Not only that, but the ranks of the Goblins will increase as they gain Experience Points. It is killing two birds with one stone! >

A devilish grin appeared on William's face as he explored the settings of the Goblin Crypt. He checked the monsters that could be added inside it. After a brief discussion with the System, they decided to tweak the spawn locations of the monsters inside the Goblin Crypt.

Each floor had a spawn limit. Meaning, there was a set number of Monsters that could spawn on a particular Dungeon floor. Once this limit was reached, no other monsters would spawn again, unless some of these monsters were killed.

After William and the System finished their brainstorming, they decided to add another floor to the Dungeon. The newly made 31st Floor would be the home of the Goblin Dogs. 

< Danderous Goblin Dogs >


-- Dungeon Creature

-- Threat Level: Class D (Mid)

-- Danderous Goblin Dogs are disease-ridden dogs that nobody wants to get in contact with. Their horrible smell and rabid bites make them one of the most annoying creatures that Adventurers don't want to engage unless it is as a last resort.

The reason why William chose the Danderous Goblin Dogs as the latest addition to the Goblin Army was because he wanted these dogs to serve as mounts for his Goblin Army. 

(A/N: Yes, it is Danderous and not Dangerous. It's a word play for the word Dander. Ask Google senpai for answers.)

Although they were only a meter tall right now, these dogs were capable of evolving into stronger beasts that were known as Scavenger Goblin Dogs that were a meter-and-a-half tall. This was a Class B Beast that was known for its quick movements over almost any terrain.

Lastly, it also had one final evolution called the Vicious Nether Hound, that made them Class A Beasts. These hounds were true bonafide predators that roamed within the plains of Hell. Standing over two-meters tall, they served as the war mounts of high-tiered Demons.

William currently didn't have the right Dungeon to evolve them to their final form. The Vicious Nether Hounds could only be born in the rich miasma that came from Hell. Then and only then would these powerful Demonic Dogs show their full potential.

With the Atlantis Dungeon right at their doorstep, William was sure that the Danderous Goblin Dogs would at least evolve to their second form, which was the Scavenger Goblin Dogs. This was the best that William could do in preparation for the war that he was about to participate in.

The cost of adding one Dungeon floor was worth 500 Dungeon Points. It cost an additional 1,500 Dungeon Points to make the Dungeon spawn twenty Goblin Dogs a day. William planned to increase the spawn rate of the 31st Floor after gathering more Dungeon Points from Atlantis.


He had seen the other Goblin Monsters that he could add inside his dungeon and he was quite interested in trying them out. One of them was the Goblin Paladin, which cost 1,000,000 Dungeon Points. 

The price was truly outrageous, but it allowed William to have a Powerful Goblin Sovereign that would be in the middle stages of the Millennial Rank.

'One step at a time,' William thought as he watched his Dungeon Points increase from time to time. Although 1,000,000 Dungeon Points was still far from his reach, he had no doubt that one day, his Powerful Goblin Army would make anyone tremble in their wake.




Chapter 417

William invested 500 God Points to buy five more Dragon Blood Trees to be planted in the Eastern side of the Thousand Beast Domain in order to mass-produce healing potions for the upcoming war.

Although he would continue to make lollipops, it would not be enough to cover every member of his army. This was why he prioritized the stockpiling of healing ingredients.

Aside from that, William bought two additional warehouses to store the other miscellaneous items that they would need for the war. These Warehouses cost one hundred God Points each. Although it was a bit costly for William's limited funds, he knew that they were needed so he bought them without batting an eye.

< Dragon Blood Tree - 100 God Points each. >

-- A breed of tree that produces a red sap that could be used for making healing potions.

God Points: 700

"We have arrows, and ingredients for healing potions," William muttered as he checked the inventory of the two warehouses that he had bought. "System, do you have any other recommendations?"

< We need weapons for the Goblin Army. Their weapons are very basic and are far inferior to the weapons of a regular army. >

William crossed his arms over his chest and nodded. The beast type monsters didn't need weapons because their bodies were their weapons. Unfortunately, the Goblin Army didn't have that leeway and needed to equip themselves with weapons in order to maximize their potential.

'Any suggestions?'

< We don't have enough God Points right now, but we can always raid the barracks of the Hellan Kingdom. They would definitely have weapons in them. >

William nodded. Although he was currently using the blacksmith skill to craft weapons for his army, they were just lower grade weapons that couldn't be compared to military grade weapons. 

However, William was still maximizing his Blacksmith Job Class because he wanted a day to come when the members of his Legion would be equipped with weapons that were of the same quality, if not higher than Barbatos' forged weapons.

The red headed boy sighed once again when he remembered the warm and kind hearted blacksmith of Lont. all of his early years had been crafted by Barbatos and they were of very high quality. 

'Okay, we now have a way to get weapons, is there anything else that we should focus on?'

< Food, water, and medicine. I don't know if the Atlantis Dungeon has beasts that could serve as food, since we have only explored the first three floors. Unfortunately, the local monsters are just blue slimes whose only purpose is to serve as a means to farm Dungeon Points. >

William nodded. Thanks to the great numbers of slimes that spawned in the Dungeon on a regular basis, he managed to add four more floors to the Goblin Crypt which brought its total dungeon floor count to thirty-five.

Each floor had a limit of five hundred Monsters. William had made all the five new dungeon floors spawn Danderous Goblin Dogs. 

< Dungeon Settings >

-- Monster Spawn: Danderous Goblin Dogs

-- Spawn Rate: 20 Danderous Goblin Dogs per day. 


Floor 31 - 40 Danderous Goblin Dogs

Floor 32 - 20 Danderous Goblin Dogs

Floor 33 - 20 Danderous Goblin Dogs

Floor 34 - 20 Danderous Goblin Dogs

Floor 35 - 20 Danderous Goblin Dogs

Dungeon Points: 1845

Currently, William had a hundred-ten Danderous Goblin Dogs which he had assigned to the Goblin Warriors to be used as Mounts. They were too small for the Hobgoblins to use as Mounts, so William had no choice but to assign the Goblin Warriors to mount them.

These Goblin Cavaliers were led by a Goblin Warrior, named Sharx, whom William had personally Knighted. The reason he chose this Goblin Warrior to lead them was due to a unique scar on its right cheek, which made it stand out from the other Goblin Warriors. 

After receiving the King Chess Piece's blessing, this Goblin Warrior had evolved into a Goblin Marauder and received the Prestige Class Scarred Doom Marauder. 

Not only that, its Danderous Goblin Dog Mount transformed into a Vicious Nether Hound, which almost made William drop Rhongomyniad in shock. 

William checked the information of the Third Official Knight of his King's Legion and nodded his head in appreciation.

Name: Sharx

Race: Goblin

Prestige Job Class: Scarred Doom Marauder 

Health Points: 22,000 / 22,000

Mana: 3,000 / 3,000

< Strength: 150 (+10) >

< Agility: 70 (+10) > 

< Vitality: 100 (+10) >

< Intelligence: 40 (+10)>

< Dexterity: 60 (+10) >


Skills: 

Duel Ex 

Union of Man and Beast

Tactician

Hundred Beast Charge

Marauder's Guillotine

Hellfire Blast

Title: Marauder of Terror

< Marauder of Terror >

-- When leading a company or Riders increase all stats by 100%

-- Terrain Mobility increase by 200%

-- Can use Empowered Battle Cry thrice a day

< Empowered Battle Cry >

-- Increase resistance against Mind-Affecting Spells

-- Increase the stats of all riders under the lead of the Marauder of Terror by 50%

-- Duration: 1 Hour

Sharx the Goblin Marauder was a Class B (Mid) Monster, while its Mount, whom William named Sparky, was a Class A (Low) Monster.

The sudden change in their leader's features made all the Goblin Warriors look at William with starry eyes. Unfortunately, the King Chess Piece was not Omnipotent. After giving its blessing to Sharx, it went back to being dormant.

Even so, with the power of Rhongomyniad, he had turned the Goblin Warriors into Goblin Cavaliers, raising their ability for mounted combat. The Goblin Cavaliers were Class D (High) Monsters. 

William believed that after gaining experience points inside the Dungeon of Atlantis, these green-skinned cavaliers would soon step into the rank of Class C (Low) Monsters which would further boost William's army.

Aside from the Goblin Dogs, William also decided to use the Trollhounds, with the exception of Fenrir, as mounts for the Hobgoblin Leaders. He deemed that this strategy would increase their mobility in the battlefield and make them a more effective fighting force in battle.


As always, William blessed these Hobgoblin Leaders with Rhongomyniad, which allowed them to effectively use the Trollhounds as mounts as if they were part of their bodies, due to the power of the Union of Man and Beast.

These Goblin and Trollhound Cavaliers officially became William's light Cavalry units which were led by Sparky and Fenrir respectively.

Meanwhile somewhere in the Hellan Kingdom…

After spending two days of fruitless searching, Conner decided to return to their Headquarters to see if there were any updates from the other search parties that were now scouring the Hellan Kingdom for any signs of the Hidden Valley where the monument was enshrined.

"Sir, we still haven't found the Monument," Calum reported as he bowed his head.

He had been staying in their headquarters to serve as the person in charge of receiving the reports from the members of Deus. 

Conner sighed internally and nodded his head in acknowledgement. He knew that it was not going to be an easy task to find the Undying Lands in just a few days of searching.

The Leader of Deus in the Southern Continent hadn't placed all of The Organization's manpower into searching for the Hidden Valley. He also appointed several teams to spy on the movements of the Elves in the Zelan Dynasty. 

He was afraid that Alessio would become impatient and urge the Elves to attack the Hellan Kingdom while Conner was occupied with his mission. 

After sorting through the reports, Conner came upon an interesting development. A few days ago, the members of The Organization noticed over a hundred teenagers entering the borders of the Hellan Kingdom.

According to the scout of The Organization, whot used a familiar to observe the teeangers from afar, they were all bruised and battered and seemed to have encountered a battle with the Elves. 

The agent also added in his report that the children took some of the horses in the fortress and headed West. Since his duty was to observe the movements of the Elves, he didn't leave his post and just filed a report to their Headquarters so the higher-ups could decide what to do with the refugees that had entered their borders.

He had already expected such an outcome after the Elven invasion, so he wasn't too surprised by the report. However, what concerned Conner was that the refugees didn't head straight towards the capital, but instead, headed West.

Conner pondered for a bit before leaving some instructions to Calum to send some men to look for these refugees from the Zelan Dynasty.

"I will rest for a day before returning to the Hellan Capital," Conner said. "If there is any news about the Undying Lands, notify me right away."

"Yes, My Lord," Calum replied before bowing his head respectfully. 

Conner nodded and went to his chambers to rest.

A few minutes later, a small black snake slithered out of the room, undetected, before turning into a black mist. 

Ezio reappeared a safe distance away from the Headquarters of Deus. He had been monitoring their movements and had been on the lookout for the latest news within their chain of command.

After weighing the pros and cons, Ezio resolutely headed back to the capital of Gladiolus. Est was a close friend of William's and he didn't want the boy to come to harm. William had already told his Fourth Master that if The Organization returned to reclaim the capital, he should tell Dave and Conrad to take Est and Isaac to the Kyrintor Mountains.

Brendan had already become his Disciple and he was quite satisfied with the boy's aptitude. Having him become the puppet steward of the capital would help Ezio keep an eye on Conner, while he shifted his attention to other important matters.


Matters that would help ease the burden of the red-headed boy who was doing his best to make ends meet.




Chapter 418

"Understood, Master," Brendan said with determination. "I will look after the capital while you are away."

Ezio nodded and patted his Second Disciple's shoulder. "I will keep in touch using the method that I told you about. Do not do anything reckless and do not look for me. I will find you when the time is right."

"Yes, Master."

"Farewell."

Ezio turned into a black mist and disappeared into the night. He had already informed Dave and Conrad about Conner's imminent arrival to the capital. Est and Isaac were currently helping the two boys take the crystal statues of Est's Mother, Herman, and Nana to the flying carriage.

Est didn't want to leave the people important to him behind and decided to bring them along. After safely loading the statues into the carriage, they immediately left the capital and headed North.

Ezio waited until the four boys had safely left the capital before heading South East. His destination was none other than the Zelan Dynasty where the Elves were staying. 

He would go there to gather information. Of course, if an opportunity presented itself, he would assassinate their Commander in order to bring chaos to their ranks. 

Ezio was quite familiar with the Elves. He had several missions within the Silvermoon Continent when Maxwell, William's father, was busy fighting against the Demons. Although he knew that not all Elves were hypocrites, more than half of them were.

This was especially true in regards to the Patriarchs of some of the Elven Clans who hated Humans to the bone.

True to his word, Conner arrived the next day bringing with him over a hundred subordinates. The first thing he did was summon Brendan and ask him what the son of the Prime Minister had done in his absence.

"After his Excellency left the capital, I looked for volunteers to gather the survivors that were suffering on the outskirts of the kingdom," Brendan reported. "Since we have plenty of food in the capital, It would be a shame to let them fend for themselves and die."


Breandan's voice was filled with such patriotism and righteousness that Conner found it hard to find fault in his actions. Also, he had given the boy the authority to do whatever he wanted during his absence.

Although what Brendan did was troublesome, Conner had no issues with it.

'They can be used as additional hands during the war,' Conner mused before nodding his head. 

He was currently seated on the throne of the Hellan Kingdom, while Breandan was kneeling in front of him. 

"Continue gathering the survivors," Conner ordered. "Also, bring me the documents that pertain to the defensive capabilities of the capital. I will need all the information that you can give me."

Brendan pondered for a bit before giving his opinion. "Your Excellency, I think these documents can be found in the Ministry of War, and the Ministry of Public Works and Development. Your Excellency, I alone will not be able to search for the documents you are looking for."

Conner nodded in appreciation because Brendan was truly helpful when it came to managing the kingdom. 

"Very well. I will give you the manpower you need."

He then waved his hand and called out twenty of his subordinates to assist Brendan in finding the documents that he needed in order to strengthen the defenses of the capital. 

A few minutes after he left, the ring on his finger started to glow. Conner frowned as he activated the long distance communication device that was given to the leaders who were in charge of capturing the Kingdoms and Dynasties of the Southern Continent.

A few seconds after activating the ring, a projection appeared in front of him. The sounds of battle could be heard in the background as the anxious face of Conner's subordinate appeared in front of him.

"S-Sir! The capital of Anaesha Dynasty is being attacked! It's impossible to defend it," Conner's subordinate screamed as he rolled to the side to evade an arrow that landed in the place where he stood a while ago.


"Who is attacking you?" Conner asked. He tried to keep his voice calm, but he was already clenching his fist so hard that his nails dug into his palms. "Is it the Elves?"

"N-No! It's the Kraetor Empire and the Ant Army!" Conner's subordinate replied.

He was about to say more, but a three-meter tall ant descended on him from behind, forcing the man to take defensive actions.

The ant screeched as it spat a corrosive acid on the man that led Deus in the Anaesha Dynasty. A blood-curdling scream filled with pain and agony reverberated throughout the room as Conner's subordinate got hit by the Ant's attack.

Moments later, the man fell on the ground, dropping the communication crystal in his hand.

Conner watched as his subordinate turned into a pool of blood as the corrosive acid melted his entire body. The leader of Deus sighed helplessly as one of his trusted aides died in front of him. 

He was about to cut the connection when he noticed a white, and slender, hand pick the communication crystal up off the ground. Conner's eyes widened when he came face to face with a beauty that could bring the downfall of a nation.

Although this was the first time he had seen this beautiful lady, he still had a hunch about who she was.

Conner narrowed his eyes as he asked the girl who was looking at him with a devilish smile a question.

"Princess Sidonie?" Conner inquired.

Princess Sidonie nodded, "You must be Conner. I've heard a lot of things about you."

The beautiful girl's hazel eyes glowed with power as she looked through the crystal. Conner felt his breath grow ragged as he stared at those beautiful clear-eyes that could bring any man to their knees.


If not for the fact that Sidonie was only looking at Conner through a communication crystal, the Leader of Deus might have already been Charmed by now. 

Conner used all of his willpower to shake off the feeling of infatuation that was slowly taking hold of his body. He had long heard of Princess Sidonie's ability to Charm others, but he didn't expect that it was strong enough to affect him through a communication crystal!

This was something completely unheard of and it filled him with dread.

"Princess, it is a pleasure to finally meet you face to face," Conner said as he tried to keep his expression calm. "I know that both of us started off on the wrong foot, but it is not too late for us to negotiate a cooperation."

"Oh? A negotiation?" Princess Sidonie smiled sweetly. "Then, what do you have in mind, Mr. Conner?"

Princess Sidonie was wearing dark-blue light armor. It was the ceremonial armor for the Royal Family of Freesia and Princess Sidonie donned it in order to participate in the conquest of the Anaesha Capital. With the help of the Kraetor Empire and the Ant Warriors, the members of the Organization didn't stand a chance.

Their defenses immediately crumbled and the majority of them fled for their lives. Naturally, Sidonie didn't care whether they lived or died and simply ordered the Soldier Ants to do whatever they wanted to do.

Now that the leader of Deus in the Anaeshian Capital was dead, Princess Sidonie was now its official ruler.

"Our true enemy are the Elves," Conner stated. "The two of us don't need to fight."

"A tempting offer, but I still haven't forgotten that your men tried to capture me."

"I am open for negotiations. The Crown Prince who ordered your capture is currently being detained in our Headquarters. If you want, I can give him to you in order to appease your anger. Naturally, I am also prepared to pay an additional compensation if you wish."

The corner of Princess Sidonie's lips curled up into a smirk as she stared at the Half-Elf in front of her. He reminded her of the red-headed boy who had repeatedly rejected her advances. 


A devious plan formed inside Princess Sidonie's head, which made her other half Morgana laugh out loud.

Yes, a plan that would make a certain red-headed boy accept her version of love. 




Chapter 419

"Very well. Send the Crown Prince to me and I will turn a blind eye on our grievances of the past," Princess Sidonie replied. "As for your proposal for an alliance… that will depend on what he will think."

Conner frowned. "He?"

"Yes." Princess Sidonie. "My… acquaintance. Are you familiar with the young Knight Commander, Sir William Von Ainsworth?"

Conner remembered Calum's report that he had seen William and the Princess together at Antheilm. Based on his subordinate's report, it seemed that the two of them had a good relationship with each other.

As to what the extent of their relationship was, Calum didn't know. However, the Princess' attitude towards the boy made him think that they were close to each other.

"What about him?" Conner inquired. "Is he perhaps your lover?"

Conner asked his last question in a teasing tone, but to his surprise, the Princess' smile stiffened when she heard his words. However, Princess Sidonie quickly regained her composure and answered his question.

"Sir William and I have a Non-Aggression Pact," Princes Sidonie replied. "If you form an alliance with him then I will not step foot on the borders of the Hellan Kingdom."

"Oh?" Conner raised an eyebrow. 

He had a deal with Celine that he wouldn't touch the Half-Elf if she didn't turn on them. So far, Celine had kept her distance and hadn't involved herself in the affairs of The Organization. Although she didn't help them with the Continental Spell, she didn't get in their way either.

Celine was an important asset to their Organization and, if possible, Conner wanted to keep it that way.

"I'll consider it," Conner stated after careful consideration. "I will send the Crown Prince to you shortly. I'll even throw his brother, Prince Rufus, in as a freebie. In return, please spare my subordinates and let them return to my side. I will also send additional compensation when we deliver the two Princes to you, Your Highness."


Princess Sidonie nodded her head. "Very well. I will spare your men. Also, as a sign of good faith, I will also not attack the Hellan Kingdom for two months. Naturally, if you can convince Sir William to ally with you then we can form a Non-Aggression Pact indefinitely."

Princess Sidonie then gave Conner a smile sweet enough to rot his teeth. 

"Thank you for your mercy, Your Highness." Conner gave a brief bow. "I will try to reach out to Sir William and negotiate with him."

"Good. I'll keep this communication stone, so tell me when you have succeeded in convincing him."

"Very well."

Princess Sidonie gave Conner a playful wink before cutting off the connection. 

Conner released a long deep sigh after his conversation with Princess Sidonie ended. With this, he had secured the lives of his men. Also, if he could prevent the Kraetor Empire from attacking the Hellan Kingdom, he could focus all of his attention on the Elves that he hated the most.

"William Von Ainsworth," Conner muttered as he activated a different ring in his hand. This ring allowed him to communicate with Calum who was currently stationed at their Headquarters.

He ordered him to send men to William's hometown, Lont, to look for his whereabouts. He added that if he was not there, they should look for Celine and ask her if she knew where her Disciple was.

Conner also didn't hide anything from his most trusted subordinate and told him about his conversation with the Princess. Calum listened patiently and waited for Conner to finish before giving a suggestion.

"Sir, I think that we should ask Celine to act as an intermediary to have a dialogue with the boy," Calum proposed. "This way, our chances of convincing him will be higher."

Conner pondered for a while as he eyed his right-hand man with approval. It was indeed a good proposal, however, there was one thing that might hinder the negotiation from pushing through.


'We don't know how the boy will react if he finds out that we are the ones responsible for turning the adults into crystal statues,' Conner thought. 'Also, I don't think Celine wants him to know that she is a member of The Organization.'

A sinister smile appeared on Conner's face as he thought about what William's reaction would be when he discovered that his Master was one of the members of The Organization that had turned the continent upside down.

Conner was faced with another choice. Should he look for William without consulting Celine and use the fact that the Half-Elf's Master was a member of The Organization to coerce him to join their ranks?

Or, should he just let Celine talk to the boy in their stead? Either way, the boy and his Master would have a falling out, which would be beneficial to their Organization.

"For now, search for the boy's whereabouts without looking for Celine," Conner ordered. "If you don't find him within a week, send some men to Lont and let them look for her."

"Understood." Calum nodded in understanding. 

Although he had concerns in regards to Berthold being part of the Kraetor Army, he didn't give him too much importance. 

As leaders of the Organization, Conner knew more than anyone else that Berthold didn't hold the final say in the Kraetor Army. As long as the Princess was on his side, the leader of the Organization stationed in the Kraetor Empire couldn't do anything reckless that might jeopardize his position.

Conner wanted to exploit the Princess to prevent Berthold from making moves against him. For him, this was the perfect plan to lower the number of enemies that he had to fight in the future. 

Princess Sidonie giggled as she placed the communication crystal inside her storage ring. Several young knights of the Kraetor Empire stood around her in a daze as they waited for her orders. 

Prince Jason felt the danger of being around his Cousin and stayed far away from her reach. He had already thought of forming a close relationship with her, with the intention of asking for her hand in marriage.

However, he didn't intend to become one of her mindless slaves that would cater to her every whim. Prince Jason glanced at Princess Sidonie from afar and felt the blood boil in his veins. He had already conquered the hearts of many women in the Kraetor Empire and had enjoyed their affection and their bodies.


Still, Princess Sidonie's allure was too strong for him to resist.

'I want to conquer her,' Prince Jason thought. 'I want to pin her down on my bed and hear her beg for me to shower her with my love and affection.'

Prince Jason had done this numerous times in the past. His feelings for Princess Sidonie soared as he licked his lips in anticipation. 

It was quite unfortunate that the moment he laid his eyes on the Princess, the power of Lust had already seeped deep inside his heart. 

Even though he was wearing protective artifacts to prevent himself from being fully Charmed by Princess Sidonie's power, they were unable to stop the subtle workings of the power of Lust in the young Commander's state of mind.

As one of the Seven Deadly Sins that stood at the Apex, Lust was the most primitive power of all. Under Princess Sidonie's gaze, even the most disciplined and proud Monks, who practiced celibacy, would perform the most depraved carnal acts in order to win her smile.

Feeling Prince Jason's fiery gaze, the Princess turned her head to look at him. Deep inside her Mindscape, Morgana was laughing her heart out. 

"Darling, you will regret turning us down," Morgana said after laughing. "You should have just accepted our love back then. If you had, you would have already been the Emperor of this Continent. Still… it is more interesting this way, isn't that right, Sidonie?"

Princess Sidonie nodded her head as she hugged her other half. "It's strange. This feeling of wanting to conquer someone, I've never felt this feeling before."

"Good." Morgana returned Sidonie's hug and kissed her lips. "Let's compromise. I'll let you have Darling first then I'll have him give birth to our babies at a later time."

Princess Sidonie smiled. The image of the handsome Half-Elf, kneeling in front of her while licking her feet, awoke the sadistic nature that was sleeping deep inside her.

"I look forward to that day, Big Sister," Princess Sidonie cupped the side of Morgana's face. "Please, do your best to make our Prince… love us with all of his heart."


"I will," Morgana said as her eyes glowed with power. She, too, couldn't wait to get her hands on William. The thrill of conquering the arrogant, and narcissistic Half-Elf made Morgana's Lustful Heart... skip a beat.




Chapter 420

"William, we need to talk," Oliver said as he sat on the branch of the Dragon Blood Tree.

William was crafting Healing Potions using the Yin Yang Cauldron, which also increased the level of his Alchemist Job Class. William wiped away the sweat on his forehead as he finished making the last batch of healing potions. 

"Give me one more minute, Second Master," William said as he cleaned the Yin Yang Cauldron. He used a water spray to rinse it out before using the Flames of Purification to dry it. 

William looked at the Cauldron and nodded his head in approval. Although he couldn't consider himself as a full-fledged Alchemist, the Yin Yang Cauldron had made alchemy very easy for him. All he needed to do was toss in the ingredients, control his Flames of Purification, and allow the Cauldron to do its magic.

After finishing his task, William returned the Cauldron to his storage ring and looked up at his Second Master, who was looking at him with a serious expression. The Half-Elf knew that whenever Oliver had this look on his face, he was about to tell him something very important.

"What do you want to talk about, Second Master?" William inquired as he leaned against the Dragon Blood Tree to rest.

Oliver cleared his throat as if he was thinking of the right way to initiate their conversation. Half a minute later, the Parrot Monkey sighed as he looked down on the boy who had closed his eyes to rest.

"It's about the organization, Deus, that is responsible for casting the Continental Spell," Oliver said. "My Mistress, Celine, is a member of their Organization."

A minute of silence passed as Oliver waited for William's reaction to his revelation. He knew that the boy was planning to have a head-on-collision with The Organization, so he decided to tell him that Celine was part of their group.

Finally, after several more minutes of silence, William opened his eyes.

"Second Master, did Master take part in the spell that turned Grandpa and the others into Crystal Statues?" William inquired.

William used a calm and neutral tone to ask this question. However, Oliver was able to feel the subtle rise in his voice as he said the last word.

"No," Oliver answered firmly. "The Mistress didn't participate in the Organization's plan to turn everyone into Crystal Statues. In fact, she was the one that told your Grandpa and the others that The Organization was scheming something. Unfortunately, they didn't tell her all of the details on the off chance that she might divulge the plan to others."

William released a deep, long, sigh after hearing Oliver's words. He felt relieved that Celine didn't take part in the creation of the Continental Spell. The Half-Elf knew that he would find it hard to forgive Celine if she played a role in the spell that turned his loved ones into statues.


She still owed him a debt from when she turned him into her slave. A debt that he was planning to make her pay in the future. However, if Celine had taken part in the creation of the Continental Spell, he would break all ties with her and treat her as an enemy.

"Did Master tell you to tell me this? ?" William inquired. 

Oliver shook his head. "I did this without consulting the Mistress. This was an independent action on my part."

William closed his eyes as he organized his thoughts. His Master wasn't someone who liked to make her thoughts known to him. Although he was still on the fence about her being a part of The Organization he was planning to fight, he knew that Celine would never do anything to hurt him.

William frowned as he pondered Oliver's words.

'All of the important adults know about her involvement with the organization, and Lont has used this to their advantage many times,' Will thought as he rubbed his chin. 'So there is tact silent approval? There must be more to this that I don't know.'

A few more minutes passed in silence before William finally spoke out his mind.

"Second Master, can I believe you?"

"You can."

"Is there a reason behind why Master joined the organization?" William asked.

"Of course. However, you need to ask her what the reason is," Oliver replied. "I do not have the right to tell you why Mistress decided to join them."

William nodded his head in understanding. He also felt that it was wrong to ask this question to Oliver, so he decided to put this matter aside until he reunited with Celine once again.

"Second Master, I won't ask for the reason why Master joined The Organization. But, can you answer a question for me?"

"It depends on the question, Little Will. There are some questions that I can't answer."


William stared at the scenery of his Domain before asking the question he had in mind.

"What is the goal of this Organization?" William asked. 

To his surprise, Oliver chuckled as he sat on the branch of the Dragon Blood Tree. 

"Revenge," Oliver replied. "The Organization's goal is to take revenge on those that have wronged them. It exists solely for this reason."

"Revenge…," William muttered the words absentmindedly as he stared into the distance. He knew that Celine had suffered a lot during her childhood. Although Oliver hadn't explicitly told him the reason why Celine joined the organization, the hint he gave was more than enough for William to form his own conclusion.

"Understood. I'll have a proper talk with Master the next time we meet."

"Okay."

Oliver knew that this was William's way of reaching a compromise. The Parrot Monkey sighed because he felt like a great burden had been removed from his shoulders. 

He had an internal debate with himself a few days ago about whether or not he should tell William the truth. In the end, he decided that he would rather be the one to break this news to William than let others tell him lies. 

Lionheart screeched as he landed on the ground. It was almost sunset, so Dave decided to let him rest before continuing their journey towards the Kyrintor Mountain.

Conrad's Wyvern landed not far away from the Gryphon. Both Knights removed the harnesses that bound their partners and allowed them to hunt for their prey.

Est and Isaac disembarked from the carriage to stretch their bodies. Although the flying carriage was comfortable enough, they still felt stiff after sitting and lying all day long.

"How many more days will it take before we reach the Kyrintor Mountains?" Est asked Dave after he finished making a campfire. 

Isaac was already preparing to cook their dinner, so Est had nothing to do except to wait for his trusted retainer to finish his task.


"One more day," Dave replied. "Head Prefect, have you visited the Kyrintor Mountains before?"

"No." Est shook his head. "But, I've heard many stories about them. Is it true that all the warriors of the Northern Tribes have skin as hard as steel?"

"No." Dave chuckled.

The Kyrintor Mountains had always been a very mysterious place. Very few people from the Hellan Kingdom had visited the mountains. Since no information was readily available, those who liked gossip started to make up stories of their own.

Some of the rumors regarding the Kyrintor Mountains involved their warriors being over two meters tall and that they had skin as hard as steel. Dave had also heard of these rumors in the past and believed them.

If not for the fact that he had actually been to the mountains himself, he would probably still believe the rumors that were flying around in the capital.

Est looked towards the North, that was now shrouded in the darkness of the night. Deep inside he was looking forward to reuniting with William so he could beat him up for leaving him behind in the capital!

While he was in charge, he had received a letter from Spencer that his sister, Wendy, had joined William in his travels. This news made Est grind his teeth because he felt that he was being excluded from the group. 

Still, the thought of the Half-Elf traveling all over the kingdom to gather allies who would fight for them made some of the resentment in his heart disappear. He knew that William was someone who treasured the people important to him.

Est wouldn't admit it, but he felt jealous of Ian because she had found a way to unseal the curse on her body. Although it only lasted for a few hours, it was enough for the beautiful mermaid to do intimate things with the Half-Elf whom he'd liked for many years.

Est sighed as he unconsciously pressed his two hands over his chest and groped them. 

'I wonder if they will become as big as Celine's when I grow up and the curse is lifted,' Est thought. 'William mentioned back in Lont that he liked girls with big breasts…'

Est was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't notice that Dave and Conrad were looking at him weirdly. Isaac, who also saw this scene, averted his gaze. 

Although he didn't know what his Young Master was thinking, Isaac could still make a guess. After all, he knew that Est loved William, just as much as his twin loved the boy. 


'Love sure makes people become weird,' Isaac thought. 'I'd better not fall in love with anyone. That way, I can look after the Young Master and my twin and prevent them from doing stupid things.'

Isaac made this vow inside his heart as he focused on his task of preparing dinner. Although he liked William as a friend, he couldn't see himself developing any romantic feelings for him. He was content on supporting Ian and Est from the sidelines as they stayed with the man whom both of them had loved for the past few years.




Chapter 421

< Gained Exp Points: 15,000 >

< Ding! >

< Fighter Job Class has reached its Max Level! >

< Would you like to advance to the next Job Class? >

< Yes / No >

Ashe panted after she dealt the final blow on the Giant Blue Slime that served as the Boss on the Fifth Floor of the Dungeon of Atlantis. 

William and Wendy stood at the side and watched the battle without supporting her because it was what the mermaid warrior wanted. 

After receiving the Fighter Subclass, Ashe's techniques in wielding her Whip Sword had been refined further, which allowed her to fight against the Giant Slime with ease. 

William and his group didn't expect that the bosses for the Atlantis Dungeon would start on the fifth floor instead of the tenth floor, which was quite common among normal dungeons. This made William and the System realize the vast difference between a lower ranked dungeon and a dungeon that had been given the SSR Rating. 

'System, switch Ashe's Job Class to Earth Mage,' William ordered.

< Subclass has been switched successfully! >

'Thank you.'

William walked towards Ashe and congratulated her for her victory. Wendy did the same and the three exchanged high fives with each other.

"Ashe, I have something to tell you," William said with a mischievous smile on his face.

"I don't like that look on our face," Ashe replied. "Out with it. What are you planning to do?"

"Well, how do you feel about learning Earth Magic?"

"Earth Magic? Are you referring to the magic that my twin sister can wield?"


William nodded his head. He had already told the two girls that he had the ability to bestow upon them new powers that they could use to further increase their strength. At first, Ashe and Wendy were doubtful of William's declaration, but soon, they understood that he was not joking with them.

William had bestowed the Fighter Job Class to Ashe. His goal was to unlock the Job Class Geomancer, which required both the Earth Mage and the Fighter Job Class at their Max levels. 

The Geomancer was a unique class because it specialized in magic-based attack. However, there was a trick in using this Job Class. Its attack would depend on the kind of terrain the user was in. 

For example, if Ashe were to fight on land, or any ordinary terrain she would be able to wield Earth Magic. If she was fighting in a swamp, she would be able to use Water Magic.

William was quite curious about what would happen if Ashe were to fight inside a forest. Perhaps she would be able to cast Wood Magic that would devastate her enemies in the Wood-favorable terrain.

"Just, how are you able to do this?" Ashe asked. "I never heard of this kind of power before."

William flipped his hair and gave his mermaid lover a dashing smile. "Now you know how strong I am. You are quite fortunate that you chose this handsome Half-Elf as your lover."

Ashe and Wendy snorted at the same time. They really loved William, but whenever the red-headed boy started to brag and act arrogant, they got the urge to beat the crap out of him.

Seeing that the two girls were itching to give him a good beating, William raised his hands in surrender.

"Still, wouldn't it be interesting?" Wendy commented from the side. "If Isaac were to see you wield Earth Magic, I'm sure her jaw will drop in shock and disbelief."

A smile appeared on Ashe's lips because she could already picture her twin's reaction. Wendy was right, she was also secretly looking forward to Isaac's reaction once she saw her Earth Magic.

William chuckled before casually wrapping his arm around Wendy's waist and pulling the blonde beauty close to him.

"How about you, Wendy?" William asked. "Is the Rune Mage to your liking?"

Wendy nodded her head and looked up at William with starry eyes. "The Runemage is a very interesting job. I love it!"

"I'm glad that you feel that way," William kissed Wendy's cheek before looking at her current stats

Name: Wendy Cy Armstrong

Race: Human


Age: 16

Job Class: Magic Lancer (Level 28)

Subclass: Rune Mage (Level 23)

Locked Prestige Class: Valkyrie 

(Requirements not met)

< Valkyrie >

-- Requirements to unlock Job Class

-- Soul Mate Skill

-- Imperial Lancer

-- Celestial Bloodline

Wendy was a magician with Dual Affinities. She specialized in Metal and Wind Magic, but since her proficiency in Wind Magic wasn't as strong as her Metal Magic, she focused on this more while growing up.

However, after clearing the Trial of Enlightenment, her Wind Magic had become stronger and became as powerful as her Metal Magic. Because of this, Wendy was able to fight while wielding two powers simultaneously.

This was also why William decided to let her play around with the Rune Mage Job Class. Just as the name suggested, this Mage Type Job Class' main focus was creating runes.

At first, Wendy felt intimidated because she had to memorize four different runes and learn how to write them in order to activate its powers. 

Fortunately, Wendy's aptitude to learn and dual wield was the real deal so the Rune Mage Job Class easily became her favorite. By combining two or more runes, Wendy was able to cast magic that boosted her overall fighting prowess.

One of her favorite runic spells was the Runic Blades. It allowed her to materialize Four Longswords that dealt Ethereal Damage. These Runic Blades ignored the enemy's defense and were lethal against those wearing heavy armor. 

Once the blade cut through their body, it would drastically weaken their strength, and slow their reaction time, allowing Wendy to deal the final blow with ease.


She also liked the rune traps that she could place on the ground undetected since they would automatically explode once a target stepped within its range. This was also a trump card that Wendy could use when fighting against multiple enemies and controlling the flow of battle at the same time.

William's goal was for her to unlock the RuneMaster Job Class which required a combination of the Rune Mage and the Fighter Job Class at their Max levels.

He believed that with this additional ace under Wendy's sleeve, she would be able to protect herself in the midst of battle.

William understood that he couldn't always be with them when they fought on the battlefield. The only thing he could do was to increase their proficiency in wielding their new powers to allow them more leeway during tough situations.

"Let's check the sixth floor," William said as she pulled Ashe close to him and gave her a kiss as well. "I think we will be facing a different type of monster next."

The two ladies beside him nodded their heads in agreement. However, before they could even step onto the next floor, the System sent a notification to William, telling him that Est, Dave, Conrad, and Isaac had finally arrived in the Kyrintor Mountains.

"Let's postpone our dungeon expedition," William stated. "Est has arrived. Let's go meet her."

Lionheart screeched before descending towards the Third Peak of Chivalry. The survivors of the Tribes, who hadn't seen a Gryphon before, looked at Lionheart with curiosity and admiration. However, when they saw the Wyvern that was hovering right next to it, all of them cried out in shock and unsheathed their weapons.

Although they hadn't seen a Gryphon before, they were quite familiar with Wyverns. There were Snow Wyverns that lived near the Kyrintor Mountains and they would sometimes conduct raids in order to capture the livestock s that they reared in their Tribes.

Sometimes, the Wyverns would also take some of the Tribe members during their raids to serve as their food once they got back to their nests.

Takam had turned a blind-eye in these raids because it was also a way for him to prevent the Northern Tribes from being overly complacent about his protection. The Demigod had declared that he would only aid them during an invasion. However, when it came to monster raids, he ordered them to fend for themselves.

This was why the warriors of the tribes had remained strong throughout the years, and had become a force that the Hellan Kingdom didn't want to deal with.

William walked towards the flying carriage along with Wendy. Ian had already transformed herself into a boy and went to greet her Young Master and twin sister.

Although she liked to stay by William's side, that didn't change the fact that she was Est's retainer along with Isaac. It was her duty to protect Est at all times.

"Welcome to the Kyrintor Mountains, Young Master," Ian greeted as he held Est's hand to help her disembark from the flying carriage. 

"It's good to see you again, Ian," Est replied with a smile. He then lowered his head to whisper something in Ian's ear.

"Is he cheating on us?" Est asked.


"No," Ian replied. "He's been busy gathering allies ever since we left the capital. Wendy and I are making sure that he doesn't do anything funny."

The corner of William's lips twitched when he heard the two whispering boys, who were only a few meters away from him. Although they were whispering to each other, William's strong hearing was able to pick up their conversation.

William felt that Est's arrival would break the status quo and cause complications in their bedroom arrangements during the latter's stay in the Third Peak of Chivalry. 




Chapter 422

Brianna had held a small banquet to celebrate Est's arrival in the Kyrintor Mountains. When the banquet ended, William took Dave and Conrad with him to have a private talk. His purpose for doing so was to know more about the current situation in the Capital of the Hellan Kingdom.

While William was away, Est, Wendy, Ian, and Isaac locked themselves inside William's bedroom to have some girl talk as well. Naturally, the nature of their discussion were the events that had transpired after William had left the capital.

Ian narrated everything that they had done since the beginning. She told them about William's meeting with the Infernal Ape in the forest outside the Academy. Then she narrated how William and her were attacked by a Moody Myriad Beast inside the Whimsical Forest before gaining the help of the Centaurs.

Ian sighed when she told them about the stubborn Titanic Trollhound that didn't trust Humans. She also mentioned, albeit in a lower tone, the conditions that were given to William by the Sovereign of the Kyrintor Mountains.

"Before going to the Town of Hartlepool, we stopped by the Armstrong Duchy because William missed Wendy," Ian said while giving the blushing girl beside her a side-long glance.

"What happened inside the Goblin Crypt?" Est inquired. She didn't believe for a moment that a Demigod would simply ask William to clear a dungeon without a reason.

Ian and Wendy glanced at each other before answering Est's inquiry. 

"William did something unexpected and captured a Dungeon Monster using a golden cube," Ian explained. "After that, he touched the Dungeon Core with the ring on his hand and froze on the spot."

Wendy decided to continue Ian's explanation because the latter took a glass of water to wet her throat. "The moment the ring touched the Dungeon Core, it disappeared and William just stood there in a daze. No matter how much we called out to him or shook his body, he remained unmoved."

Ian nodded her head in affirmation. "He only broke out of his daze after fifteen minutes. After that, we left the dungeon and returned to the Armstrong Duchy. William didn't tell us what happened, and we didn't want to pry."

"I see." Est held the hand of the two girls. "Thank you for being there to support him."

The two girls gripped Est's hand and smiled. As William's three lovers, they had already formed an alliance to ensure that William wouldn't randomly pick up girls wherever he went. 

Isaac watched this scene with a complicated expression. She felt out of place, but there was nothing she could do except listen to the three girls gossip about William behind the Half-Elf's back. 

An hour later, William returned to his room and told Est and Isaac that he wanted to show them a secret. Since Est was his lover, and Isaac was her retainer--as well as Ian's twin sister--William decided to include the hardworking Isaac into his inner circle. 

"... T-This?" Est stuttered. "This is the secret you wanted to share with me?"

"Unbelievable," Isaac muttered as she scanned her surroundings. 

William chuckled when he saw Est's and Isaac's reactions after he brought them inside the Thousand Beast Domain. Since they would be fighting side by side in the future, he deemed that it was necessary to share some of his secrets with them.

(A/N: Forgive me when I switch pronouns every now and then. I'm sure that you already understand the reason why.)


"This Domain is yours?" Est gave William a serious expression. "How did you get it?"

William crossed his arms over his chest before answering Est's question. "If I told you that I bought it, would you believe me?"

"No." Est firmly shook her head. "I never heard of anyone selling a Domain. How about you, Isaac?"

Isaac shook her head as well. Although she could tell that William wasn't lying, she refused to believe that a Domain could be bought just like that.

"Well, since you don't believe me, there's nothing I can do about it." William smirked. He himself knew how ridiculous his words sounded, so he didn't bother to persuade the two to believe him.

"Actually, there's one more thing that I'd like to show you," William held Est's hand while offering the other to Isaac. "What you are going to see next is more unbelievable than this. I hope that the two of you are ready."

Atlantis Dungeon…

"What kind of sorcery is this?!" Est rubbed her face with her hands. 

William took her and Isaac to the Fourth Floor of the Dungeon of Atlantis where the Goblin Warriors were currently fighting against Slimes. 

Of course, these Slimes didn't pose any threat to them. They were merely farming Dungeon Points as per William's orders, so that he could upgrade the Goblin Crypt, and increase the number of its floors.

"William, are you still Human?" Isaac inquired. "Just how are you doing this?"

"You're so silly, Isaac." William happily patted Isaac's shoulder. "Of course I'm not a Human. I'm a Half-Elf. I thought you already knew this."

Isaac looked at William with a dumbfounded expression. "Of course, I know that you're a Half-Elf. What I mean is, no mortal can do the things you can do. Are you sure you're still a mortal?"

William nodded his head. "I am mortal, but I'm no ordinary mortal. Have you seen a Half-Elf as handsome as I? Have you seen a Half-Elf as awesome as I? Have you seen a Half-"

"Okay. Okay, I understand." Isaac silenced William with a stopping gesture. "Are there any other secrets you want to share with us? At this point, I think I can believe anything."

"Me, too," Est commented from the side. "Do you have other things to share?"

William grinned mischievously as he glanced at Ashe and Wendy who were standing not far from him.

The two girls understood the hint and decided to show Est and Isaac the results of their Dungeon training.


"Rock Bullet," Ashe said as she pointed her finger at a Slime.

Immediately a small rock materialized out of thin air and flew in the direction of the Slime, making it explode.

Isaac's pupils shrunk when her twin sister cast an Earth Magic Skill in front of her. Ashe wasn't able to stop herself from grinning when she saw her twin's reaction.

Wendy created two hand seals using both of her hands and merged them together. Immediately four Runic Blades appeared around her. They glowed in an eerie light that made Est look at them with curiosity.

After observing the floating swords for two minutes, she returned her attention to William and asked the question that was on her mind.

"How?" Est asked. 

Est had already been baffled when she saw Ashe use an Earth Magic Skill. She knew that her retainer didn't have Dual Affinities in Magic, so she couldn't understand how the latter was able to do what she did.

As for Wendy, although the Runic Blades were good, Est only thought that the blonde girl had combined Metal and Air Magic together to form this new kind of Magic. She looked at the red-headed boy with a heated gaze and demanded an answer.

"This is the Power of Love," William answered calmly. "Only those who love me will be able to wield these powers. What do you think? Pretty awesome, right?"

"Yes." Est nodded. "Where's mine?"

"Um?"

"I'm asking where mine is? You gave Ashe and Wendy this power, what about me?"

The smile on William's face froze because he had completely forgotten about Est. He was so excited to show these powers to his BFF because he wanted to brag. However he had made a terrible mistake in doing so. 

(A/N: BFF means Best Friends Forever, or just simply a very close friend.)

Beads of sweat formed on William's forehead because he had overlooked the necessary requirements in order to bestow a Subclass to one of his lovers. 

"What's wrong?" Est asked as she walked towards William. "Don't tell me that I can't have these powers as well."

"W-Well, there is a right time for everything," William stuttered as he unconsciously took a step back. "T-There is an important requirement that must be met before you can acquire these powers."

"And that is?"


"I-It is a very difficult requirement. The current you is unable to clear the conditions for these powers to activate."

Est stopped walking then glanced at Ashe and Wendy. She then looked at William with a raised eyebrow as if telling him "These two managed to pass the requirement and I can't?"

"About that, I also want to know." Wendy suddenly held William's arm before looking up at him with a curious expression. "You said that there are requirements, right? What are those requirements? Can anyone have them?"

"No." William shook his head. "Only my lovers get this benefit."

"Aren't I your lover?" Est asked in a challenging tone. "Wait. Are you telling me that you don't recognize me as your lover? Is that it?"

Est walked towards William. She only stopped when she was only a meter away from the red-headed boy and crossed her arms over her chest. 

"Est, it's not what you think," William replied as he tried to think of a way to bullsh*t his way out of this mess. 

What happened with Wendy was a complete accident and he was not confident that the same could be replicated with Est. 

Issei had already told him that he was still underaged, so the power of his King's Chesspiece wouldn't allow him to add more Familia Members. Unless Est and him rolled in the sheets in their dreams, or something similar, it would be impossible to add his silver-haired lover to the list of his Familia Members.

Left with no choice, William took Est to a place where the two of them could talk in private. He explained why he wasn't able to bestow a Subclass on her. Est listened patiently to William's explanation.

Est's face turned beet-red when she finally understood why William was unable to give her what she wanted. Although she loved William, her heart wasn't ready for something that stimulating. 

Est's mother, Elizabeth, didn't let Est grow as an ignorant child and taught her about the Birds and the Bees. She did this to ensure that she wouldn't be taken advantage of when she finally regained her true form.

"You're right, we're still too young for this," Est said as she lowered her head. "Thank you for telling me."

William sighed as he hugged the very first friend he had made outside of Lont. "Don't worry. When that time comes, I promise that I will take responsibility. Also, I will do my best to lift the curse that has been given to you by the Goddess Astrid."

"Un," Est replied. "I believe you."

"Thank you."

"I'll wait for you, Will. Just, don't make me wait too long, okay?"

"I will do my best. Let the Gods decide the rest."





Chapter 423

Inside William's Spiritual World the subtle sounds of kissing could be heard. A girl with long, silver hair, was being held by a red-headed boy in a firm embrace.

William kissed Est's soft lips with light pecks while she had her eyes closed and her arms wrapped around his back.

Two minutes later, William pulled back and looked at the beautiful lady whom he considered to be one of his best friends. This was the first time that the two of them had spent some time alone with each other inside his Sea of Consciousness.

After William had explained why he couldn't bestow additional powers onto Est, the latter asked him how far he had gone with Ashe and Wendy.

Although this was a tricky question, William answered honestly that he still hadn't crossed that line with Ashe and Wendy. Naturally, he also told Est about what happened with Wendy and explained that it was something that was out of his control.

Est understood this, but she still asked William to share a bit of intimacy with her. This was why both of them had Synchronized and gone into William's Spiritual World where Est's true form could appear before his eyes.

Unlike Wendy and Ashe, who sometimes took the initiative, Est was very passive when it came to the things that lovers did.

She also wanted to experience kissing, but since she didn't have any experience, she left everything in William's hands. 

When the Half-Elf held Est's slender body, and pressed his lips over hers to kiss her, he came to the realization that his third lover was unexpectedly very timid when it came to kissing. She was like a vase that could break if he held her too hard, so William took things slowly, and gently.

He didn't ravage her lips like he had done with Wendy in their one night of passion, nor did he initiate to intertwine their tongues together like what he did with Ashe during Issei's training. He just gave simple, soft, pecks on her soft lips and that was enough to make Est's legs turn into jelly.


William looked at his third lover with gentle eyes and waited for her to regain her composure.

"How was your first kiss?" William asked. "Was it to your liking?"

Est unconsciously touched her lips with her hand as she stared back at Wiliam. "It was very different from how I imagined it to be. But…"

The silver-haired beauty placed her free hand over her chest as a blush crept up her face. "My heart is beating wildly inside my chest. This was my first kiss and yet…"

"And yet?" William inquired. He looked at her with loving eyes as he waited for her to continue what she was planning to say.

"And yet… I want more," Est replied. "However, I feel as if you were holding back. Is there something wrong?"

William smiled and caressed the side of her face. "I was doing my best to hold back. I'm afraid that, if I lose control, I might break you and I don't want to do that."

"Break me?"

"Yes."

William then pulled her close and allowed her head to rest on his shoulder.


"You were just so cute that I almost lost myself," William whispered. "I know that this might sound rude coming from me, but I'm glad that a curse was placed on you. If not then I'm afraid that all the guys in the Martial, Magic, and Spirit Divisions would fight against each other in order to become your lover."

"You're exaggerating," Est whispered back.

"No, I'm not. It is the truth."

"..."

Est became speechless because she could feel the sincerity in William's voice and demeanor. Because of this, she felt something warm spread throughout her chest which made her very happy.

The two hugged for a while before William once again kissed his lover's lips. After a few soft pecks, William asked Est if she was willing to try something different. Est hesitated for a brief moment, but she still nodded her head. She was curious about what William meant by trying something different.

"Part your lips," William said softly. "And don't bite my tongue."

Est timidly obeyed. As soon as her lips parted, William kissed her again, but this time, his tongue entered her mouth. The silver-haired beauty's body shuddered when William's tongue intertwined with hers. 

It was a very foreign feeling to her, but she didn't resist and allowed William to have his way. Just like the last time, William did it gently. He played with Est's tongue as the latter gradually got used to his soft and gentle attacks. 

William pulled back and both of them panted for breaths. They didn't know how long the kiss lasted. All they knew was that they had been lost in their own world as they shared their feelings for each other.


"That kiss is very different from the one we first had," Est said as she looked at William with moist eyes. "It is more… intense. What is it called?"

"Was it too intense?" William asked, a little concerned.

Est shook her head.

William smiled then as he looked at his lover's disheveled expression. Est had always been a prim and proper person. Seeing her in this state almost made William want to pin her down and teach her how intense a kiss could be.

"It's called a French Kiss," William replied. "How was it? Was it better compared to before?"

Est closed her eyes to ponder William's question. She had always been the serious type. She even took William's teasing seriously.

"The first one was soft and, yet, my heart felt like it was dancing," Est said with her eyes still closed. "I didn't dislike that feeling. In fact, I loved it because I felt how much you cared about me through your actions.

"The second one was different. I could feel your intense feelings of wanting to… make me yours." The shade of red in Est's face became deeper when she felt William's desire to own her through the kiss.

William was surprised because although he had held back, his heart and body wanted to leave his mark on the beautiful girl in front of him and make her understand that her lips belonged to him.

'This is bad,' William thought. 'Estelle is pushing all of my buttons. I might not be able to control myself if we continue.'


Although William had been trained by Owen and the Goddess Eros about how to deal with ladies, Est was making him feel like a criminal that was planning to stain something pure with his colors.




Chapter 424

"Will? Is there something wrong?" Est reached out to touch the side of his face.

The moment the warm and soft hand touched his skin, William unconsciously drew a deep breath as he looked at his lover's beautiful crimson eyes. He could see his reflection in them and it made him have a sense of pride, knowing that she would only look at him with eyes filled with affection.

"Yes," William replied in a hoarse voice. "You are driving me crazy."

Before Est could even understand what William meant by the words "driving him crazy" she found herself pressed against his body as William held her in a tight embrace. 

William had equipped the Incubus Job Class earlier in order to let Est have a taste of what it was like to share an intimate moment with him. However, there was some kind of force inside Est's body that seemed to be at odds with the powers of the Incubus Job Class.

This power wasn't hurting William, because Est didn't perceive him as an enemy. However, her body had been blessed by the Goddess Astrid, imbuing it with Holy Power. Astrid was a member of the Righteous Faction and Est was her devout follower.

The Righteous and Evil Factions naturally repelled each other and this was what was currently happening between Est and William. The red-headed boy was getting the overwhelming desire to corrupt Est and conquer her.

This was something that he didn't want to do, so he had to keep these lustful feelings at bay using his willpower. In the end, William decided to switch his Subclass and the desire to corrupt the beauty in his arms immediately subsided.

William's body suddenly had a subtle glow of light in it, which resonated with Est's own Holy Power.

"Will? What's wrong? You look pale," Est stared at him anxiously.


William smiled as he patted his lover's head while trying to regain his composure. William had equipped his Sun Knight Job Class, which was also part of the Righteous Faction and the uncomfortable feeling went away.

"I'm fine," William said as he hugged Est close to him. "Don't worry. I was just…"

"Just?"

"Just… suddenly had the urge to kiss you again?"

"Then kiss me and don't scare me like that."

Est raised her head and closed her eyes. She waited for William to initiate the kiss because she liked the feeling of letting the Half-Elf take the initiative to kiss her. It made her feel that the love she had for the boy was mutual.

Est knew that William was just making an excuse, but she didn't want to let this moment of intimacy slip away. She had endured long enough and wanted to be together with William as much as Ian and Wendy had been. 

Just the two of them. 

Without her retainers.

Without anyone watching.


Without any obstacles that prevented her from feeling loved.

Even though she couldn't surrender her everything to William due to their age, she was still willing to do her best to understand what it was like to become lovers with the boy that she had loved for so many years.

Even without the Incubus Job Class, William was proficient enough to give Est what she wanted. The two kissed, and kissed, and kissed some more until Est found herself lying on the sea in William's Spiritual World.

William looked down on her with undisguised love and affection. 

Once again, William didn't need the Incubus Job Class to mark the silver-haired beauty as his lover. He lowered his lips to kiss the nape of her neck which made Est's body shudder. He kissed, and suckled that part and gave it a light bite, leaving a mark on her smooth, and pale, skin.

He could see Est's skin reddened from the kissmark that he had left on her neck. He wanted to add more, but decided to hold back because he might not be able to stop himself if he continued with his line of thought. 

"Will," Est said as she reached out to wrap her arms around William's head. "Don't hold back. I am not a vase that will break easily. I am strong."

The pair of crimson eyes that looked straight into his own light-green eyes made William's heart beat faster inside his chest. The little snow rabbit was offering herself to him, and the red-headed boy was on the verge of turning into a wolf that would eat her up until nothing was left.

"Est…"

"Will?"


"Don't say those words while you look at me with those eyes filled with yearning," William stated as he planted a kiss on her forehead. "It's a crime. I don't want to be a criminal and…"

William whispered in Est's ears which made the latter cover her face in embarrassment.

'Seriously, how can my lover be this cute?' William thought as he rested his head on Est's soft chest to feel her heartbeat. Although both of them were still wearing clothes, William's sensitive hearing could still hear his lover's wildly beating heart. 

He could also feel her warmth, her softness, and the subtle fragrance of her body. William took all of this in as he allowed himself to be lost in these tender feelings that both of them shared. 

Suddenly, a pair of soft and slender hands rested themselves on William's head and held him in place. 

The two of them didn't talk, for no words were needed. Est felt very happy because she was finally able to embrace William. Not in his unconscious state, but in a state where the other was able to reciprocate her feelings.

She prayed that once the war was over, William would be able to lift the curse on her body. That way, the two of them would be able to hold each other, not only in his Spiritual World, but in the real world as well.

Until then, she would hold on to his sweet kisses and whispers of love that made her realize that the words that her mother had told her long ago were indeed true.

"Est, when the sky falls down. There will always be people who will step up and carry its weight on their shoulders," Elizabeth said with a smile.

"Will I be able to meet such a person?" Est asked. His face was half in doubt and half curious of the possibility of meeting someone who could create a miracle.


"Of course you will." Elizabeth chuckled. "If it's you, you are destined to meet such a person. Just know that if he really appears in your life, you'd better… hold him close and never, ever, let 




Chapter 425

"Where did the two of you go?" Wendy asked when William and Est returned to the Villa in the Thousand Beast Domain. "You've been gone for a few hours."

William smiled and sat on the couch beside Wendy. "Est and I did some training. Right, Est?"

Est nodded. Her face was calm and collected, which was vastly different from the silver-haired lady within William's Spiritual World, who melted with happiness because of William's kisses.

Ian looked at her Young Master with an understanding gaze. After spending time with William over the past few weeks, she knew how passionate the Half-Elf could be when the two of them were together. 

She assumed that her Young Master had been able to share an intimate moment with William based on the slight smile that could be seen at the corner of Est's lips. 

Wendy rolled her eyes at the Half-Elf's futile attempt to hide things from her. If she hadn't seen Est's true form, as well as the affection that she had shown William when the boy was still unconscious, Wendy would definitely brush off William's excuse like the passing breeze.

Even so, she just kept silent because she had already accepted that her lover was destined to have multiple lovers aside from her.

'At least, I am his First Wife,' Wendy thought as she leaned on William's shoulder. 'I will not give away my position to anyone.'

William didn't know what his lovers were thinking. He just thought that he handled the situation really well and was giving himself a thumbs up in his heart for a job well done. His time with Est was truly sweet. 

The Half-Elf enjoyed teaching her how to kiss and the latter, although a bit passive still, did her best to learn. 

'Still, I shouldn't use the Incubus Job Class when I am with Est,' William mused as he patted Wendy's head while looking at Est. That was the first time William had felt the overwhelming desire to conquer and, in a sense, corrupt his lover by making Est fall into the throes of pleasure. 

After consulting the System, both of them came to the conclusion that the polar powers of the Righteous and Evil Factions affected different Job Classes to a certain extent. 


William didn't want to conquer Est in that kind of manner because she was surprisingly innocent when it came to relationships. She was like a sheep and William was like a wolf. The poor sheep was unaware that the Wolf was planning to eat her whole, not even leaving the bones behind.

"A day's travel in that direction, you will arrive at the Town of Lont," a teenage boy said as he pointed at the distance. "I am one of Sir William's Knights, so I have been in his hometown once. Do you still want me to accompany all of you or can you manage on your own?"

"If it's not a bother, can you please accompany us till the end?" Paul, the new leader of the Freedom Fighters from the Zelan Dynasty replied with a smile. "I will ensure that you get enough food to last for your return journey."

"Very well. I will guide you safely to Lont."

"Thank you."

Paul and the other fighters from the Zelan Dynasty had traveled for several days on horseback. They used teleport gates and asked many people for directions until they found a teenage boy riding on top of a Hippogriff in one of the towns located in the South Eastern Side of the Hellan Kingdom. 

All of them were already losing hope, but Paul still urged them forward until they found the boy who was part of William's Knight Order.

A day later…

"I-Is that a Millennial Beast?!" a pretty girl gasped when she saw the giant golden ape in the distance.

"W-Wyverns! And there are more than one of them!" another boy exclaimed as he pointed at the flying lesser dragons that were patrolling the skies.

Paul's face became grim as he looked at these powerful creatures. Although there were more than two hundred of them in their group, they didn't stand a chance fighting against the Ourobro. Adding the Wyverns to the equation would just lead to one ending, suicide.

"What's wrong?" the teenage boy asked as he tilted his head in confusion. "Aren't you going to Lont? We're almost there."


Everyone looked at the teenage boy as if he was insane. 

"Can't you see that Millennial Beast over there?" Paul asked back. "Also, those Wyverns. We will be dead if they fly in our direction."

"Ah! So that's it. I understand." The teenage boy nodded his head as if he finally found the answer to his question.

"I had the same reaction as you guys when I first got here," the teenage boy replied with a smile as if remembering a very fond memory. "Don't worry. Lufie and the Wyverns won't hurt us. Sheathe your weapons and let me do the talking. None of you are allowed to provoke them. Of course, if you want to die then go ahead."

Everyone glanced at Paul as if waiting for him to give an order. 

Paul hesitated for a while before returning his sword to its scabbard. He made a gesture for everyone to do the same and everyone followed suit.

"Are you sure it's going to be fine?" Paul asked for confirmation. "Once we get in the range of those Wyverns, none of us can outrun them."

"It will be fine," the teenage boy replied as he patted his chest. "Just leave everything to me."

The teenage boy took the lead and everyone followed behind him. The Wyverns had long noticed the group of teenagers from far away, but they ignored them. After living in Lont for so long, they had already grown accustomed to seeing people. They would not randomly attack anyone unless they sensed that they were a threat to the townspeople.

Lufie stood up and eyed the approaching company of young warriors. He gave a mighty roar as a warning to prevent them from going closer. The horses immediately panicked after hearing the Millennial Beast's roar.

Fortunately, the teenagers were very capable and managed to reign in their horses before they could run away in fright.

The Wyverns also started circling the teenagers. They were ready to swoop down and attack if any of them did something funny. 


"Lufie, I am one of Sir William's Knights," the teenage boy shouted. "Is he in Lont?"

The Hippogriff also screeched to inform Lufie and the Wyverns that it was an ally. 

After hearing the boy's and the Hipogriff's calls, Luffy scratched his head as he made a gesture to one of the Wyverns circling in the air. The latter screeched back and flew towards the town. 

Several minutes later, Matthew, Leah, and Celine stepped out of the gates of Lont. Ironically, Crown Prince Alaric and Princess Aila also came to see what was going on. They had nothing to do in Lont, so sudden changes in the routine immediately caught their attention.

When the Wyverns screeched and headed outside the town, they knew that something was going on, so they immediately went out to investigate.

Paul immediately recognized his Crown Prince and shouted the slogan of their Kingdom.

"Let the Sun of Zelan always shine brightly!" Paul shouted.

""Let the Sun of Zelan always shine brightly!"" the teenagers shouted in unison to hail their Crown Prince.

(A/N: In the Zelan Dynasty, they refer to their Monarch as the Sun.)

"Paul!" Prince Alaric shouted in joy as he ran towards his loyal retainer. He had felt very guilty for leaving him behind during their escape from the capital.

"It's good to see that you are safe, Your Highness," Paul dismounted from his horse and kneeled in front of Prince Alaric.

The other teenagers also dismounted and kneeled. Some of them were crying. Finally, they had found their Crown Prince. He was their last pillar of support after their leader, Arslan, had stayed behind to allow all of them to escape.





Chapter 426

After being reunited, Prince Alaric asked Matthew, and Leah, if the survivors of his Kingdom could stay in the town of Lont. 

The teenagers were very surprised to find an adult who was not affected by the curse and hadn't been turned into a crystal statue. Celine was currently wearing a veil, so none of them were able to see her face. She just stood to the side and listened to Prince Alaric's and Matthew's discussion.

She had already observed the teenagers that had arrived at their doorstep and sensed that all of them were in the Gold Rank. Although this was nothing special for the Elves, for the Humans, this was a great achievement for their age.

'Too bad that they still fall short compared to the young warriors of the Elven Race,' Celine thought.

Even though she was an Elf, she would gladly snap the neck of any Elves that dared to point their weapons at her. Celine had no love for her race and there were only a handful of Elves that she truly cared about. 

As for everyone else?

All of them could burn in Hell.

"Of course they are welcome to stay," Matthew said with a smile. "They can stay for as long as they want."

"Thank you," Prince Alaric replied.

He then took Paul, and his ragtag army of teenage boys and girls, to their temporary residence. Lont still had houses to spare, and letting a few hundred children stay wouldn't be much of a problem. 


While Prince Alaric was getting information from Paul and the survivors of his Kingdom, Matthew, Leah, and Celine, returned to the Ainsworth Residence to discuss their next course of action.

"Are you sure that everything is going to be fine?" Leah asked. "I know that they are Prince Alaric's people, but they might have other thoughts if they spend a few days here."

Matthew held his wife's hands and looked at her with a devilish grin. "I know what you are thinking, but I am not worried. Also, this is a good opportunity to test the Crown Prince's character. A few days will be enough to see what his real colors are."

Celine smiled from behind the veil covering her face. She had not interacted with Matthew frequently, but she approved of the latter's way of thinking.

'The apple doesn't fall far from the tree,' Celine mused as she thought about James and William. 

James was an opportunistic bastard. William was the same. Matthew was an angel compared to the two of them, but that didn't mean that he couldn't be devious. As the future Lord of Lont, Matthew had been trained to be a good judge of people. 

However, even with his knowledge, he still couldn't see what Prince Alaric's goal was. Of course, he understood that the Crown Prince wanted to liberate his Dynasty, but that was impossible at this point in time.

Matthew wanted to know what their distant cousin would do if he had acquired enough manpower to form a small private force.

"So, Arslan was left behind," Prince Alaric sighed. "This is quite unfortunate. I just pray that he hasn't been killed. That would be a great loss to our kingdom."

Paul and the rest of the teenagers lowered their heads in shame. They knew that if Arslan hadn't held the enemy back, they might have already been captured or worse, dead.


"Don't worry, we will have a chance to stage a comeback," Prince Alaric stated. "We just need to wait for the right opportunity. For now, rest here in Lont. You are safe here."

Paul hesitated for a brief moment before voicing his thoughts out loud.

"Your Highness, what is the deal with this town?" Paul inquired. "Why do they have a Millennial Beast as their Gatekeeper as well as Wyverns patrolling the skies? From what I observed, there is nothing special about this town. Can you please enlighten me?

The other teenagers also thought the same thing, but they were too embarrassed to ask their Crown Prince this question. Fortunately, Paul took the initiative. All of them waited for their Prince to tell them why this Town was protected by so many powerful beasts.

Prince Alaric smiled as he looked at his people. Frankly, he also had the same questions when he arrived in Lont. Only after spending a few days inside this crude, and quiet, town in the countryside did he understand why this place was special.

"The previous Lord of this town is Lord James Von Ainsworth," Prince Alaric smirked. "Do any of you know him?"

Paul frowned. The name sounded familiar, and he was sure he had heard the name before. The other teenagers were also on the same page as him. For some reason, they felt like they should know who James was, but they couldn't recall why he was familiar.

"Ah!" the pretty girl, Aria, who was now Paul's second in command, exclaimed when she remembered who James was.

"Lord James! The Undefeated Barbarian that challenged all those who wished to marry Lady Erza many years ago!" Aria's eyes widened in shock. "Y-Your Highness, are you referring to THAT Lord James Von Ainsworth?"

Prince Alaric nodded. "You are correct, Miss Aria. The previous overseer of this town is none other than Lord James who turned the Zelan Nobility upside down due to his wish to marry Lady Erza."


Now that James' identity was revealed, the teenagers remembered the stories that were told by their parents about the Bastard Barbarian who whisked away the Jewel of their Kingdom. James was a legendary figure in the Zelan Dynasty because he was the only one who managed to win the heart of the Undying Witch, who was a member of the Aoife Family and who was one of the Guardian Families of their Kingdom.

"The teenager you saw earlier, Sir Matthew, is his grandson," Prince Alaric said. "He is the current Lord of Lont. However, that is not why this town is special."

Princess Aila who was listening from the side clenched her hands together. The image of the handsome Half-Elf who had fearlessly fought on the Peak of Cavalry flashed before her eyes. 

William's image had been engraved inside her mind because there was a time when she wished that the one he had fought for was her instead of Brianna, who was considered to be a Princess in the Northern Tribes.

"The person I am talking about is currently not here in Lont," Prince Alaric said softly. "However, I believe that if we want to reclaim our Dynasty from the Elves, the one who will lead us to victory is none other than him."

The majority of the teenagers that had heard their Crown Prince's words were quite doubtful. None of them believed that a single person could fight against the Elves and help them reclaim their Dynasty. 

Prince Alaric knew that they were thinking. He would have had thought the same if not for the fact that he had seen with his own eyes what William did. The Minotaur Race was the Guardians of the Zelan Dynasty. It would not be easy to make them submit to a single person, for they were very stubborn and wouldn't yield to anyone.

However, William was able to do this. Even Erchitu, the Great Warrior that was second only to the two sons of King Minos, had sworn fealty to him. 

This had shocked Prince Alaric to his core.

In the past, Prince Alaric had asked Erchitu to become his Beast Companion, but the latter refused. The Giant White Ox told him that he wouldn't yield to any mortal men and would only bow down to his Sovereign, King Minos.


This was why Prince Alaric found it hard to believe that the Millennial Beast and its subordinates had sworn their allegiance to William, who was not even a citizen of their Dynasty. 

"Listen well and remember his name," Prince Alaric said with a serious expression. "The one person that might be able to create a miracle and drive off the foreign invaders from the Southern Continent…. His name is…

"William Von Ainsworth."




Chapter 427

"Achoo!" William sneezed and immediately the Yin Yang Cauldron started to shake. "Oh! Fck!"

William hurriedly teleported inside the Dungeon of Atlantis before throwing the contents of the Yin Yang Cauldron at a squad of Syokois that could be found on the Seventh Floor of the Dungeon of Atlantis.

The colorful fishmen, that were a meter tall and carrying small spears, turned into a pool of goo as their bodies melted in green acid. 

William looked at this scene with a grim expression as the cloud of green smoke disappeared from the point of impact.

< Gained Exp Points: 1,500 >

'That was close,' William thought as he patted his chest. 

The system had automatically switched his Job Class to Wind Mage so that the Experience Points wouldn't be wasted. The Alchemist and Blacksmith Job Classes didn't gain experience from killing monsters. They only grow stronger by crafting and concocting.

William was currently experimenting with how to create a powerful acid that could melt rare metals. Although he was not aiming to create an acid strong enough to melt Adamantium, he was planning to create something close to it.

Right now, the Rainbow Birds' main arsenal were the Magic Missile Lollipops. After William had upgraded his Main Job Class, and added two members to his Familia, the King Chess Piece had unlocked a new ability that benefited his King's Legion.

It was none other than the Equip ability.

What kind of ability was this? Just like the name suggested, it allowed William's Herd, and King's Legion, to equip themselves with items. They could also store these items in a special space that belonged to them.

Currently, all of the members of William's Legion are able to equip three items. Each item should not surpass five-meters in length and width. This was a great boon to William's private force because this allowed them to carry weapons, ammunition, and other miscellaneous items in their own personal storage. 

This personal storage could be summoned at will, anytime, anywhere, which made it a very useful ability.

After learning about this new feature, William thought about giving the Angray Birds some Acid Bombs that could potentially wipe out a group of people using powerful acid, even if they were wearing armor.

William's Alchemist Job Class was currently Level 10 and he could only upgrade it by doing alchemy. He also didn't have any ingredients for the Acid Bombs he had in mind, so he was just tossing things inside the cauldron and seeing what stuck. 

The main ingredient for the acid bombs were William's Green Lollipops. Since he had no idea what to use to strengthen the effect of the Acid Lollipop, the Half-Elf decided to purchase several gallons of Acid from the God Shop.

The Acids that William bought were...

Hydroiodic Acid 

Hydrobromic Acid 

Perchloric Acid

Hydrochloric Acid

Sulfuric Acid

p-Toluenesulfonic Acid


Nitric Acid 

Chloric Acid

God Points: 692

These were some of the acids that came from William's world. Ten Gallons of each acid only cost One God Point. Because he could buy it cheaply, the red-headed boy bought ten gallons of each type of acid to aid his experiments.

Since William had no idea of what he was doing, he decided to just mix them all together and see what was going to happen!

"200 mL of Hydroiodic Acid, Hydrobromic Acid, Perchloric Acid, Hydrochloric Acid, Sulfuric Acid, p-Toluenesulfonic Acid, Nitric Acid, Chloric Acid plus the Lollipop is enough to wipe out a party of Syokois, but it is too unstable..." 

(A/N: mL are Milliliters. 1000 mL is equivalent to 1 Liter.)

William rubbed his chin as he looked at the pool of goo in front of him. 

Syokois were fish-type humanoids that inhabit the Sixth and Seventh Floor of the Dungeon. This was the latest Floor that William's Army had conquered. According to the System, there was a Boss every five floors of the Dungeon, so William's Legion was working hard to find the passage that would lead them to the lower floors. 

Est, Ashe, Wendy, Ian, Dave, and Conrad had also joined the expedition team to train themselves for the upcoming battle that they would face. Since Dave and Conrad were part of William's King's Legion, they were now also able to gain Experience Points to strengthen themselves at a faster rate.

The two teenagers didn't understand what was happening to them, but they could somehow feel that their bodies and techniques were getting stronger with each monster that they killed.

Unfortunately, Est and Isaac weren't able to gain this ability to be able to benefit from the Experience Points. William solved this matter by giving them several High-Grade Beast Cores to help them increase their ranks after battling inside the dungeon to their heart's content.

Although they were being left behind by the others, Est, and Isaac didn't feel troubled by it. Of course they were a bit jealous. However, knowing that their comrades at arms were getting stronger was a good thing for them as well.

"Should I lessen the quantity of each acid, or should I just use two to three types of acid at a time?" William muttered as he poked the pool of acid on the ground with a stick.

"Syokois are Class D (Low) Beasts and don't wear armor, so I can't tell if this is a success or not." William narrowed his eyes. "Lily's acid can't melt steel, but if I condense twenty lollipops into one, they would be able to do that. However, I can only create a few of them if I go with this route. It is not enough to equip the Angray Birds…"

William was so lost in thought that he didn't notice that someone had already approached him from the back.

A pair of soft and delicate hands covered his eyes and a teasing tone whispered in his ears.

"Guess who?"

William smirked internally as he decided to play along with his lover. 

"I wonder who this is? Based on how soft the hands are, I'm sure they don't belong to Wendy," William said as if he properly assessed the pair of hands that blocked his vision. "Her hands are very rough and could even be used as a brush to wash clothes. This pair of hands definitely doesn't belong to her."

A snort reached William's ears before the pair of hands that blocked his eyes disappeared. However, they went straight to the Half-Elf's ears pulling them hard to the side.

"M-Mercy! I was just joking!" William hurriedly held the hands that were pulling his ears. "Such delicate and beautiful hands, how could they possibly be used as a brush for washing laundry? I'm sure they belong to the most beautiful lady in the Southern Continent. None other than my First Wife, Wendy Cy Armstrong, who will soon be called Wendy Von Ainsworth!"

"Hmp!"


Wendy finally let go of William's ears and crossed her arms over her chest. She eyed her boyfriend who was rubbing his ears and looking at her with a face filled with injustice.

"Will, I want to ask you a question," Wendy said with a serious expression.

William noticed the seriousness in Wendy's gaze so he decided to stop joking around and looked at her with a calm expression.

"Ask."

"I want to hear an honest answer from you."

William nodded. "Be at ease. I swear upon my handsome face that I will give you an honest answer."

Hearing her lover's promise, Wendy walked up to him and wrapped her arms around William's body as she stared straight into his eyes.

"Who do you love the most between the three of us?" Wendy asked. "Est, Ashe, or Me?"

"Of course I love you most," William answered in a heartbeat. "Afterall, you are my First Wife."

Wendy felt relieved because he could see the seriousness in William's eyes. She then rested her head on his shoulders and smiled sweetly. 

It was at that moment when two Rainbow Birds circled above their heads.

Suddenly, two familiar voices reached their ears.

"Will. Whom do you *hic* love the most? Is it Wendy, Est, or Me?" the Red-Colored Bird asked, perfectly replicating Ashe's drunken voice. 

"Of course I love you the most," the Blue-Colored Bird replied, perfectly replicating William's voice."

William's body stiffened when he heard this exchange. Beads of sweat started to form on his forehead as he cursed the two annoying birds who just dropped a bomb over their heads.

"Really? Are you telling me the truth?" the red bird asked.

"Yes." the blue bird replied.

Wendy giggled as she looked at the two birds in the sky.

"Those birds are quite lovely," Wendy said. "They can even imitate voices. Did you teach them to say those things?"

"Y-Yes," William replied. "I was trying to teach them how to talk, so I made them speak these lines."

"How interesting."

"R-Right?"

Suddenly, Ashe, Est, and Isaac appeared beside William and Wendy. 


"So, this is where the two of you are," Est said. "We just found the path that leads to the Eighth Floor and we are planning to explore it. I came to find Wendy, but I didn't think that you'd also be here, Will."

William gave Est a thumbs up in his heart for her impeccable timing. With this, he would be able to wiggle himself out of this mess….

But then, the two Rainbow Birds raised the volume of their voices as they circled around Ashe, Est, and Isaac. 

"Will, I want to ask you a question," the Blue-Colored Bird said using Wendy's voice.

"Ask." the Red-Colored Bird said using William's suave voice. 

"I want to hear an honest answer from you."

"Be at ease. I swear upon my handsome face that I will give you an honest answer."

If earlier, only beads of sweat formed on William's forehead, now, a river was flowing freely. Wendy also tilted her head to the side as she heard the familiar conversation of the two birds circling around them.

"Who do you love the most between the three of us?" the Blue Bird asked. "Est, Ashe, or Me?"

"Of course I love you most," the Red Bird answered in a heartbeat. "Afterall, you are my First Wife."

After saying those last words, the two birds flew away like their lives depended on it. William had summoned Stormcaller and was about to unleash a Lightning War Art in order to erase the two troublemakers from the face of the Dungeon.

'Motherfckers! After all I did for the two of you,' William gnashed his teeth in anger as lightning swirled around Stormcaller's body. "Lightning God War Art…"

"Will, what are you doing?" Wendy's icy gaze made William completely stop from continuing his attack.

"Wendy, I'm just training my skills by killing two dumb birds. I mean, practicing my technique using those two birds as my targets," William replied. "It is better to hit moving targets, don't you think?"

"Mmm, this is true." Wendy nodded her head. "However, I'd like for you to answer a question from me first."

"I have a question, too," Ashe said as she lovingly held William's right arm in a tight grip. "You will answer this question of mine, yes?"

"Will, me, too," Est said as she walked towards William with the "You'd better fess up or you will regret it" glare.

Wendy had already grabbed William's left arm in a vice-grip that wouldn't lose to her Valkyrie Form's arm lock.

Isaac, who was standing at the side, turned her back towards the four of them and looked at the sky. 

'Rest in peace,' Isaac said internally. She knew that blood was about to spill and she had no intention of preventing it from happening.

"G-Girls, listen to me," William said with a face filled with righteousness. "This is just a misunderstanding. Allow me to give the three of you a proper explana---Ahhhhh!"

That day, a loud scream rang out on the Seventh Floor of the Dungeon of Atlantis. It was the sound that was similar to a pig being slaughtered and it traveled throughout the entire dungeon, allowing everyone to hear it.

William's Herd, Legion, as well as Dave and Conrad, heard William's dying screams. Just like Isaac, they lit a candle in their heart and prayed for the Half-Elf who was currently being murdered by three beautiful ladies by his side.





Chapter 428

"Halt! Who goes there?!" an Elven Guard shouted as he stopped a robed figure from entering the city gates.

The three other guards, who were currently manning the only gate that was opened to the capital city--Briar Glen--surrounded the robed figure, brandishing their weapons.

Instead of answering, the robed figure took out an Insignia that made the expressions of the four guards stiffen. 

"I came to meet the Princess," a delicate sounding voice said. "Stand down and let me pass."

The four elven guards glanced at each other before sheathing the weapon. They stepped aside and allowed the robed figure to enter the city gates uncontested. 

After the unknown individual disappeared from view, the four guards returned to their duties. They didn't even talk amongst themselves about the appearance of the robed figure and treated the situation as if the person was just a figment of their imagination.

Along the way, the hooded figure encountered several inquiries from the Elven Guards, but the same thing happened. None of them barred his way and allowed the person to pass.

Finally, the robed figure arrived at the right wing of the palace where the Princess resided. 

"Halt, these are the Princess' chambers," four royal maidservants barred the door of the royal quarters. They were part of the Royal Family's personal guards who had accompanied Princess Eowyn to the Southern Continent. 

They only answered to the Royal Family. Not even Elandorr could order them around as he pleased. 

Once again, the robed figure flashed his Insignia which made the Royal Guards exchange glances with each other. They knew what the insignia meant, but they were still on the fence about whether to allow the stranger to enter the Princess' quarters.

"Please, wait here," the Headguard said. "I'll inform the Princess first."

The hooded figure nodded in acknowledgement. The person knew that the Head Guard had already compromised, so all that he needed to do was wait.


A few minutes later, the door opened and the Head Guard made a gesture for the robed figure to enter. The Princess was seated on the couch of the living room, being attended to by four maids. Upon seeing the guest's arrival, she waved them away to give the two of them some privacy.

Although they were reluctant to leave, the servants left the room as per the Princess' wishes.

When it was only the two of them, Princess Eowyn bid her guest to sit and the latter nodded in acknowledgement.

"Why don't you take that robe off?" Eowyn asked. "It's just the two of us, so there's no need to be reserved."

"You're right," the robed figure replied and took off the robe that covered his body. 

A delicate looking boy appeared before Princess Eowyn and the latter personally poured a cup of tea for him.

The boy thanked her and drank the tea that the Princess had personally served him. When he had drunk half of it, he returned the cup on top of the table and looked at the Princess who was looking back at him with a smile. 

"I didn't expect to see you here in the Southern Continent, Senior," Princess Eowyn said. "Are you perhaps here on a mission on behalf of the Saintess? How should I address you?"

"Just call me Kenneth," Kenneth answered. "I am here on behalf of my family. However, the Saintess also approved of me being here." 

"Kenneth?" Princess Eowyn giggled. "Who thought of that name? Was it perhaps Teacher who gave you that name?"

Kenneth nodded. "She said that it's a good name and that it would serve me well during my stay here in the Southern Continent."

"Did Lady Arwen also predict that this was going to happen?"

"No. My reason for coming here was to observe a certain individual."


Princess Eowyn raised an eyebrow. The Saintess of the World Tree, Lady Arwen, only had two Disciples. One was the Elven Princess, the other was Kenneth. Both of them were regarded highly in the Silvermoon Continent because they were the only two people that had been accepted by the Saintess as her Disciples.

The Insignia that Kenneth had shown the Elven Guards was the insignia of the Saintess. Her authority was equal to the authority of the King of the Elves and very few individuals dared to defy her orders.

Even the Patriarchs of the Ancient Elven Clans were wary of antagonizing her. They were afraid that their entire bloodline would be cursed and lose the blessing of the World Tree were they to do so. 

"This individual must be very special to have your clan personally instruct you to monitor him," Princess Eowyn said with genuine interest. "Is it possible for you to tell me this person's identity?"

Kenneth nodded. "Actually, my reason for coming here is to ask for your help. With how things are going, it is imminent that he and the Elven forces will come to a faceoff."

Princess Eowyn frowned. She didn't know who this person was, but if her Senior Disciple came to personally talk to her about this issue, it meant that the one Kenneth was monitoring was an extremely important person.

"Who?"

"You're also familiar with him. He's none other than Teacher's only son."

Princess Eowyn's expression immediately became serious. Naturally, she had heard about her teacher's son. The Half-Elf that was born between the Saintess of the World Tree and the Human Hero that had defended the Silvermoon Continent against the Demon Race invasion.

The Princess had long wanted to meet her teacher's only son, because she was curious what the son of the two most Legendary Personages in the Silvermoon Continent would be like. 

"Can you tell me more about him?" Princess Eowyn asked. 

Kenneth smiled as he recalled William's narcissistic and arrogant attitude. He hadn't seen him since he had left the academy to participate in the defense of the Hellan Kingdom at Ravenlord Citadel. 

The delicate looking boy was saddened when he found out that William was currently in a coma, due to the spiritual injury that he received during the Demon Race invasion at the Royal Academy.


"He is a very interesting person," Kenneth stated as he looked at the Princess with a gentle gaze. "He has Teacher's eyes and is quite good looking. He can be arrogant and narcissistic at times, but if one can see past these annoying traits, they would find him a very endearing person. Be careful, Princess. If you give him an inch, he will shamelessly take a mile."

Princess Eowyn chuckled. "That doesn't sound heroic. The way you describe him, he is more like a bandit. Also, stop calling me Princess. You make it seem like the two of us aren't close."

Kenneth sighed as he drank the remaining tea in his cup before placing it back on the table. Princess Eowyn smiled and refilled her Senior's cup before resuming their conversation.

"You said earlier that he and our race would eventually come to a faceoff, why?" Princess Eowyn asked. "As the son of the Saintess, none of our warriors would dare to harm him."

Kenneth nodded. "It is as you say, however, not everyone looks at him in high regard. Although his life would be spared, his Hellan Kingdom would not be given the same treatment. This is why a battle against him is unavoidable."

"Surely you jest," Princess Eowyn countered. "What can a single individual do against our powerful Elven Army? Of course, we can also reach a compromise and make him the regent of the Hellan Kingdom, but it will fall under Elven rule. This is non-negotiable."

Kenneth picked up the tea on the table and took a sip. He then eyed Princess Eowyn and sighed inside his heart. 

"Princess, I feel the same way as you do," Kenneth replied. "A single individual can't do anything against the Elven army. However, I have a feeling that he will surprise the two of us."

"Senior, you think too much." Princess Eowyn said with a serious expression. "No one can stand against the might of our Elven Army."

Kenneth smiled and didn't say anything else. He knew that continuing this talk was pointless. Even so, he couldn't shake the nagging feeling inside his head that a battle with William would only end in mutual destruction. 

The delicate looking boy had been with William for quite some time. Both of them shared life threatening battles together, but everytime that happened, the Half-Elf would always prevail. 

Kenneth wouldn't admit it, but whenever he was with William, he felt… invincible. It was as if no matter who they faced, even if the opponent was way stronger than them, they would always come up as the winner. 

This feeling made Kenneth very conflicted because he didn't want any harm to come to the boy, and yet he was loyal to the Elven Race. 


He just hoped that with Eowyn's protection, the narcissistic Half-Elf would not come to any harm when Elandorr and the rest of the Elven Prodigies stormed the Hellan Kingdom to continue their conquest of the Humans' lands.




Chapter 429

"Senior, why don't you stay a little while longer?" Princess Eowyn said. 

Kenneth shook his head. "I am worried about him, so I'm going back to the Hellan Kingdom to find his whereabouts. I only came here to tell you of his existence so that when you meet him on the battlefield, you will keep the Elves from harming him."

"I give you my word that I will do everything in my power to safeguard his life. After all, he is Teacher's only son."

"Good. I can rest easy knowing that you'll be keeping a lookout for him. Stay safe, Eowyn. Let's meet again when Fate wills it."

Kenneth waved his hand and a magic circle appeared on the ground beside him. A three-meter tall black fox with four tails appeared by his side. On its forehead was a silver crescent moon that glowed faintly.

"Let's go, Luna," Kenneth said after he mounted his Beast Companion. "To the Hellan Kingdom."

The Black Fox nodded its head and began to float in the air. Soon, it rose towards the sky and flew in the direction of the Hellan Kingdom.

Princess Eowyn sighed as the Flying Black Fox disappeared from her view. The story that Kenneth had told her about her Teacher's son was like the stories in fairy tales about heroes saving the damsel in distress from the hands of the evil tyrant. 

It made her remember the stories of the Human Hero that protected their lands against the Demon Race's invasion. She wasn't able to stop herself from thinking of what the boy would feel if the Elven Race were to invade his Kingdom.

Would he feel betrayed?


Would he feel anger?

Princess Eowyn didn't know the answers to these questions. In fact, the mere thought of facing William on the battlefield made her feel guilty.

'Teacher, I'm sorry, but I am powerless to stop this conquest of the Human lands,' Princess Eowyn grieved in her heart. She loved and respected Lady Arwen, just as much as she loved and respected her own mother. This was why she was feeling very guilty at the thought of invading the kingdom of the Hero that saved their lands. 

Still, she was merely an observer. The one who called the shots of the operation was Elandorr. This was the will of the Patriarchs of the Elven Clans who wanted to stand up against Human tyranny. 

Of course, not all the Elven Clans had this thought. The other factions didn't like the idea of invading the Human lands, but they were ignored by the Patriarchs of the Saleh, Nasir, Rhys, and Eroan Clans. 

These four ancient clans had resented Humans for thousands of years, and were the most vocal among the others when it came to having an aggressive stance against those who were not part of their race.

Some of the Elders call them the Pureblood fanatics. They advocated that their bloodlines should be preserved and not stained by the vile blood of other races.

This expedition was a closely guarded secret by these clans. However, they still decided to involve the Royal Family, so that the Elven Council wouldn't punish them severely for their unauthorized conquest of Human lands. 

The King of the Elves reluctantly agreed to have his daughter, Princess Eowyn, accompany the Elven Fleet as its Supervisor. He thought that this was a good opportunity for the Princess to experience war and the consequences that would come out of it.

'Don't worry, Teacher. I will do my best to ensure his life," Princess Eowyn vowed. "I will also bring him back to the Silvermoon Continent, so that the two of you can reunite."


Princess Eowyn had seen the sadness on Lady Arwen's face whenever the Saintess looked at the World Tree. One of the Elven Princess' goals in life was to do something for her teacher. Thinking that Lady Arwen would be happy to be reunited with her son, Princess Eowyn's determination to bring William back to the Silvermoon Continent intensified.

She sincerely believed that once William and his mother had been reunited, everything would work out in the end.

'I better discuss this matter with Commander Elandorr,' Princess Eowyn thought. 'No matter what happens, Teacher's child must be secured at all costs.'

Meanwhile in the Anaesha Dynasty…

Empress Sidonie sat on the throne as she listened to the reports of the officers of the Kraetor Army. The conquest of the Anaesha Dynasty was very smooth because the Guardian Beast personally helped them repel the members of The Organization.

The Anaeshaians had complete faith in their Guardian Deity. Since the Ant Queen had acknowledged Princess Sidonie to be their new ruler, all of them reluctantly accepted it. The Kraetor Army decided that it was a good opportunity to hold a grand coronation ceremony to officially declare Princess Sidonie the new Empress of the Land. 

The moment the survivors saw their new Empress, all of them instantly fell in love with her. Empress Sidonie had unleashed the full power of her Charm and made the citizens, who were in the Capital, her loyal subjects. 

Prince Jason looked at this scene with awe. Although he could use violence and intimidation to make the citizens submit, they would still hold grudges in their hearts. However, his Cousin's methods were fool proof, which allowed the smooth transition of authority to pass into her hands.

"Your Majesty, the citizens are very happy because they no longer lack food to eat," one of the Ministers reported. "We are getting an influx of volunteers that were willing to join the relief efforts and travel to the outskirts of the Dynasty to help their countrymen. Also, they are more than happy to spread Her Majesty's benevolence to the subjects that still haven't gained the opportunity to swear their fealty to you."

Empress Sidonie nodded her head. "Thank you for the report, Minister. I hope that everyone will do their best to ensure that none of my citizens suffer from starvation. Also, see to it that all of their needs are met."


"I hear and obey, your Majesty!"

""We hear and obey, your Majesty!""

Empress Sidonie looked at the heirs of the nobles of the Anaesha Dynasty and smiled. All of them had fallen completely under her Charm. Even the members of the Royal Family were now bowing to her as if they were mere commoners in the face of their liege. 

Two Sword Saints and one Grand Archmage stood a few steps away from her throne. They were her personal guards that Emperor Leonidas had personally arranged beforehand. 

These three men were, also, in awe of their Emperors's Granddaughter and felt that their plan to take over the entire Southern Continent was well within their grasp.

They had no doubt in their minds that in the face of Empress Sidonie's beauty, intellect, and charm, no man, or woman, would be able to resist kneeling and bowing their heads in submission.

'I wonder what you're doing right now, Sir William?' Empress Sidonie thought with a smile. 'I sure hope that you think of me from time to time.'

 
                                    


Chapter 430

William had busied himself with using several Job Classes like Blacksmith, Alchemist, and Wind Mage. When he wasn't crafting or concocting something, he would join the members of his Herd and Legion in clearing up the Dungeon Monsters in Atlantis.

Whenever he participated in the battles, William would always use his Wind Mage Job Class because this was one of the key classes needed to unlock the Elemental Lord Prestige Job Class. In order to unlock this class, William needed to have the four mage classes--Fire, Wind, Earth, and Water--at their max levels.

The Wind Mage was among the first classes that he had acquired many years ago, but had never found an opportunity to use.

After several days of farming experience points inside the dungeon, William and his army arrived at the Boss Room in the Tenth Floor of the Atlantis Dungeon.

The Half-Elf looked at the silver gates that marked the entrance to the Boss Room with a frown. 

"Those who want to venture past these gates, know that only six may enter at a time."

The message didn't say anything more than that. William knew that he couldn't take the warning lightly, so he decided to personally choose the members who would accompany him inside the room.

"Only six are allowed to challenge the boss of this floor," William said to his comrades. "I will be one of the six to enter. The rest…"

"I'm going with you," Wendy stated.

"Me, too," Ashe commented.

"I will also go," Est declared fearlessly.

"Wherever the Young Master and my twin go, I go," Isaac said in a firm manner.

Ella took a step forward and nodded her head. She was coming along as well because she wouldn't allow William to fall into any kind of danger.

William scratched his head because his plan to choose who would accompany him was thrown out the window. He could see how determined his lovers were to accompany him into battle, which made him feel like his heart was being scratched by a kitten.

The Half-Elf pondered for a bit before nodding his head. He assumed that since they were just on the tenth floor, the threat of the Dungeon Boss wouldn't be that high. Besides, he could call upon the power of his Heroic Avatar if everything suddenly went South.

"Very well," William agreed. "The rest of you can either explore the previous floors or return to the Thousand Beast Domain. I will notify all of you if something goes wrong."

The members of William's Herd and Legion nodded their heads in acknowledgement. They had complete faith in William so they weren't too worried about the Dungeon Boss Battle. All of them scattered and went to do the things they wanted. Some returned to the Thousand Beast Domain, while others returned to the other floors to raise their ranks.

William watched them go before placing both of his hands firmly on the silver gates that would bring them to the Dungeon Boss of the Tenth Floor of Atlantis.

"... Are you for real?" William's eyes widened in shock as he looked at the scene in front of him.

White sand and a sparkling blue sea appeared before his eyes. Several palm trees stood not far from the shore, creating a tropical paradise that William had only seen in magazines and television.

'System, are you sure that there are no monsters here?' William inquired. 'No Boss Monsters?'


< I've already finished doing a detailed sweep of the surrounding area and detected no strong life force that would belong to a Boss Monster. Only small aquatic animals like fish, crabs, clams, starfish, and a few more harmless creatures are found inside this area.

< I also consulted the records of other dungeons and came to a conclusion. This is perhaps what is called a Safe Zone where adventurers can rest during their dungeon expedition. >

'A safe zone?' William scratched his head. 

Naturally, he knew what a safe zone was. He just didn't expect to find it inside a suspected Boss Room inside a Dungeon with a high rating.

"Will? Where is the Boss?" Wendy asked as she scanned her surroundings. She was still holding her weapon firmly in her hands and her guard was still raised.

Est, Ashe, and Isaac were the same. All of them were looking around with their weapons ready to strike anything that would come their way.

It was only Ella who seemed to be at ease in the current situation. She even had that rare satisfied look on her face as she eyed the beautiful beach in the distance. 

"Be at ease," William said as he patted Wendy's shoulder. "There is no Boss Monster in this place. It is a Safe Zone."

"Eh?" Wendy tilted her head in confusion. "This is a Safe Zone?"

William nodded. "Since we are already here, why don't we stay for a bit."

The Half-Elf immediately notified the members of his Herd and Legion that they had come across a Safe Zone and would be staying there for the time being. He did this to ensure that none of them would get worried if he didn't appear for a few hours.

William took Wendy's hand and guided her to the beach. Ella, Est, Ashe, and Isaac followed behind him. 

The sand under their feet was very soft, and walking over it was very comfortable. William half-dragged Wendy towards the water's edge and allowed the wave to wash over their feet.

The water's temperature was warm yet felt very refreshing. It was at that moment when William suddenly had a great idea as he eyed Wendy and Ashe with a devilish smile on his face.

'System, we can buy regular clothes, right? Those won't cost too many God Points, right?'

< It depends on what you are planning to buy, host. Clothes without enchantments or those that are made from normal materials are not expensive. >

'Okay. Can you compute how much we are going to spend on these items?'

William made a list of items to buy and the system used the God Shop to check their prices.

< Host, it will only cost 2 God Points at most. All of them are made from normal materials, but their quality is quite high. >

'Good. Make the transaction.'

< Understood. >


A minute later, William took out several beach chairs from his storage ring and lined them up on the white sand, under the shade of the palm trees. Next, he took out two bikinis, one blue, the other red.

"Wendy, Ashe, please, wear these clothes." William said as he handed Wendy the red bikini, and the blue one to Ashe.

In the world of Hestia, they also had the so-called swimwear, but they still covered the majority of a person's body. The clothes that William gave to them on the other hand were…

"Aren't these just underwear?" Wendy blushed.

Ashe was also blushing as she held the pieces of clothing that William handed to her. She shared Wendy's opinion and gave William the "pervert" glare. 

"Wendy, although they looked like underwear they are not," William corrected. "These are called Bikinis and people wear them to swim."

"I haven't seen anyone wear this while swimming," Ashe immediately countered William's words. "Also, it shows too much skin."

William wanted to remind his mermaid lover that she was practically naked when she was in her mermaid form. Only faint blue scales covered Ashe's chest when she transformed into her true form. 

It took him a while to coax Wendy and Ashe to wear them. As for Est and Isaac, William gave them swimming shorts to wear. 

After putting on his own swim shorts, William glanced at his four companions who looked uncomfortable in their new swimwear. 

The Half-Elf unexpectedly drew a deep breath when he saw Wendy wearing the red bikini, with a bashful expression on her face. The sheer impact of her beauty and the striking red color of the bikini made William feel that he needed a cold bucket filled with ice to cool himself down.

After breaking out of his daze, he immediately composed a five-star review in his mind and told the System to post it on the store where it bought the bikinis. William was very satisfied with it, and was quite thankful that the two bikinis came in different colors. 

"H-How do I look?" Wendy asked while covering her chest with her hands.

"Beautiful. Truly beautiful.," William said as he pulled the shy, blonde, beauty into his embrace, "You're not allowed to wear this anywhere else. You can only wear this when it's only us. Do you understand?"

"Un," Wendy replied. 

Deep inside she felt happy because he could feel William's desire to monopolize her. 

William's gaze then landed on Ashe who was walking confidently in his direction. The beautiful mermaid's charm was just as destructive as Wendy's. Both girls had curvaceous and lean bodies due to the fact that they were always training. 

The red-headed boy had a wolfish grin on his face as he pulled Ashe close to him as well. He sighed in happiness as he hugged the two beauties in his arms. It didn't take long before he dragged both girls towards the sea where they frolicked in the blue waters. 

Est sat on the beach chair and decided to take a short nap. She wasn't jealous of William spending time with Wendy and Ashe, because she knew that the Half-Elf would make it up to her later.

Isaac, on the other hand, scoured the beach to catch crabs, clams, and fish to cook for lunch. 

"I'll prepare a seafood feast for everyone," Isaac muttered as she placed the crab she had just caught inside a bucket. "It has been a while since I ate crab."


She had always liked foraging for food and the bountiful beach was the perfect place for her to put her skills to use.

After half an hour of playing in the water, Wendy returned to shore and laid down on one of the beach chairs. The warm and soft breeze felt so comfortable that it lulled her to sleep.

Ashe, on the other hand, transformed into her mermaid form and pulled William into the depths of the sea, where both of them shared passionate kisses. Ashe made sure to constantly transfer air to her beloved as they danced in the underwater world, surrounded by colorful fishes that served as a beautiful backdrop for the two of them.

The past few days had been hard on all of them. William had busied himself in making acid bombs for the Angray Birds, while Wendy, Est, Ashe, and Isaac, joined William's Legion in exploring the dungeon floors of Atlantis.

They only met up with each other when it was time to sleep. By that time, all of them would be too exhausted to do anything aside from gathering in William's Sea of Consciousness to help him recover at a faster rate. 

This was also why William decided to take a short break with his lovers and enjoy this new paradise that seemed to have been made just for them.

Ella had already exited the Boss Room after ascertaining that there were no threats that would endanger William's and his lovers' safety. She returned to the Thousand Beast Domain in order to watch over the three kids who were still fast asleep. 

For her, as long as William was happy, she would support him all the way. 

When she arrived at the make-shift nest of the three kids, she noticed that Thor's and Ragnar's bodies were glowing slightly. 

Ella's expression became serious as she monitored the fluctuations of the magical energies surrounding Thor and Ragnar. 

Suddenly, a strong burst of magical energy erupted from their bodies and they floated in the air. The magic crystals inside the cavern emitted an intense light which flew in the direction of the two beasts floating in the air.

Half a minute later, the glowing lights receded and the two beasts landed on the ground. Ella didn't do anything and just observed from where she stood.

Thor and Ragnar opened their eyes and looked at Ella sleepily. Thor shook his head in order to drive the drowsiness away.

Ragnar, on the other hand, blinked twice before emitting a wide yawn. They then walked towards Ella and looked at her with expectant gazes.

Woof! 

Ruff! 

Ella lowered her head and nuzzled her two grandkids. They were now bigger than before and she could sense that both of them had grown stronger after completing their First Growth Phase.

Thor and Ragnar were quite satisfied with their grandma's affection as their two tails wagged from side to side. 

Ella then looked at the coiled up snake inside the nest, who was still sleeping peacefully. Ella wasn't too worried about her, because she already understood that Dia's Growth Phase was still in its middle stages. It would take a strong stimulus for her to wake up from her slumber. 

The only thing that Ella was sure of was that, when Dia finally opened her eyes, she would be stronger than her siblings. 

'I hope you wake up soon, Dia,' Ella thought. 'War is upon us and William will need your strength.'


Ella gave Dia one last glance before taking Thor and Ragnar outside of the cavern. The two kids would definitely boost William's strength, and she looked forward to how both of them would perform during their training inside the Dungeon of Atlantis. 




Chapter 431

It had been several days since Conner had returned to the Capital City of Gladiolus to manage the affairs of the Hellan Kingdom. Working beside him was none other than the son of the Prime Minister, Brendan.

Conner liked the boy's work ethics and even thought about formally inviting him to be a member of Deus because of his outstanding management skills. However, he didn't do that because he still didn't trust him completely.

For now, Conner decided to observe him and see if he could find any weaknesses that he could exploit to make the teenager become a loyal member of Deus.

"How is the migration of survivors coming along?" Conner asked.

Brendan stood and bowed respectfully before giving an answer. This earned him a nod of appreciation from Conner who liked obedient and capable subordinates to work under his wing.

"Sir, the majority of the survivors are now making their way towards the capital," Brendan reported. "The migration is being delayed because the teleport gates can only be used at fixed intervals everyday."

Conner nodded. He was also aware of this inconvenience, however there was nothing he could do about it. The one who had complete control over the settings of the teleport gates was none other than King Noah.

The Royal Family has a unique artifact inside the castle that they could use to manipulate certain things within the Hellan Kingdom. With this artifact, the King would be able to change the settings of the teleport gates, barriers, defensive mechanisms, and attack runes embedded in the capital city's walls to resist any kind of invasion.

Conner had tried to make Prince Lionel tweak the settings of the teleport gates, but the Crown Prince was unable to even activate the unique artifact. 

The Leader of Deus cursed King Noah for not even teaching his heir the basics of controlling this important tool that could have made his life easier. 

"What about our food reserves?" 

"The food reserves we have can last up to five years."

"Good. is there anything else you would like to report?"

Brendan looked like he was hesitating to say something, so Conner urged him to speak his mind. 

"It is about the Princes of the Hellan Kingdom," Brendan said. "What are your plans for them, Sir?"

Conner frowned as he looked at the teenage boy in front of him who returned his gaze fearlessly. He could see the ambition in Brendan's eyes and the Leader of Deus chuckled internally because he thought that he had finally found out Brendan's desire.

"You don't have to worry about Prince Lionel and Prince Rufus," Conner replied. "They are no longer here in the capital."


"May I ask where they are now?" Breandan inquired. "I am feeling restless knowing that the two of them could return anytime to take my authority away from me."

Conner smirked internally because Brendan had just confirmed the hunch he had in mind.

'Your appetite is big, boy,' Coroner thought. 'Still, I guess making him the puppet ruler is still better than having a moron sit on the throne. At least, I don't have to worry about the Kingdom suddenly collapsing because the one at the top is giving stupid orders to his underlings.'

Conner pretended to be deep in thought before answering Brendan's questions. "Both princes are currently in the Anaesha Dynasty. Do not ask why they are there because I won't be telling you any more information about them. As for the youngest Prince, you also don't have to worry about him."

Prince Ernest had disappeared and was nowhere to be found. The members of The Organization assigned to monitor him were unable to locate his whereabouts. It was as if the Prince had disappeared into thin air a few days before the Continental Spell was unleashed.

Even so, Conner wasn't bothered. A Young Prince without any followers was no longer a Prince, but a helpless child. Prince Ernest didn't pose any threat to them, so he was less inclined to waste any manpower to look for his whereabouts.

Brendan sighed in relief before returning to his seat. He read the reports of his underlings who had also participated in the migration of the survivors. Ezio had instructed him to gather any information that he could get from The Organization.

Since the Shadow Assassin had decided to check the movements of the Elves, he decided to let Brendan take charge of the information gathering in the Hellan Kingdom. This way, they would be able to maximize their strengths and do their individual missions respectively.

Suddenly, the ring on Conner's hand started to glow. He ordered Brendan to leave the room and return after an hour. The latter obeyed and left the Leader of Deus to his devices.

"Report." Conner ordered as Calum's image projected in front of him.

"Sir, there are no signs of the Young Knight Commander in the Hellan Kingdom," Calum reported. "We've already asked around using our vast network and no signs of him have been seen anywhere."

Conner tapped the top of his desk as he thought of what to do next. Having William as an ally would allow him to form a Non-Aggression Pact with Princess Sidonie and the Kraetor Empire. This was tantamount to having a possible ally in order to attack the Elves using the Hammer and Anvil military strategy.

Conner would act as the decoy and allow the Elves to focus their forces on him, while Princess Sidonie and the Kraetor Empire would hit them from the back. When their prey had been cornered, with no place to run, that is when Conner would unleash his trump card and annihilate all the pointy eared bastards who dared to step inside his territory.

For that to happen, he would need to talk to William.

At that exact moment the door opened and a man who seemed to be in his early thirties entered the room with a smile.

"Sir, there is something that I'd like to discuss with you," the man said as he walked towards Conner.

"Floyd, you should really know how to knock before you enter my office," Conner replied in displeasure. "I am in the middle of an important talk. You barging in like this makes things difficult for me."


"Important talk? Sounds interesting," Floyd's smile widened. "Go on, Sir Conner. Tell me the details of this important talk. Perhaps, I can be of assistance to you."

"Before that, can you tell me why you are here instead of focusing on the task that I have given to you?"

"It is exactly because of this task that I came here to see you Sir. I've run into some difficulties along the way and I require some more resources and, perhaps, an audience with the creator of the Super Soldier Project."

Conner frowned as he eyed the Scholar that had joined their organization not too long ago. Floyd was the one responsible for building the laboratory in the Barony of Brandford, which William had ransacked.

"Resources that I can give you," Conner replied. "However, an audience with the creator of the Super Soldier Project? Just what do you want to discuss with her?"

Floyd didn't wait for Conner's invitation and directly sat on the chair beside his table. 

"What she wrote was truly amazing. Only a true genius would be able to come up with a way to turn ordinary beasts and humans into killing machines that are very hard to kill. I want to discuss with her on how to enhance the capabilities of the Super Soldiers and further increase their fighting prowess."

"You want to meet the creator to discuss a way to make the Super Soldiers more powerful?"

"Exactly." Floyd nodded. "Now that I've told you the reason for my visit, tell me more about this important talk that you were having with Sir Calum over there."

Floyd waved at Calum's projection and the latter snorted back at him. Conner and Calum both didn't like Floyd's disrespectful attitude, but they had to admit that he was a very capable individual. 

This was why the two tolerated him to a certain extent even though the scholar always brute forced his demands on the two of them.

"We are talking about how to have a dialogue with the youngest Knight Commander of the Hellan Kingdom. Do you know him?"

"Isn't he the Disciple of the genius who created the Super Soldier Project?" Floyd's expression became animated. 

"Yes. William Von Ainsworth is also Celine's one and only Disciple," Conner explained. "We have been looking for him, but his whereabouts are currently unknown. Because of this, I plan to head over to Lont to talk to her personally."

"Nonsense!" Floyd replied in a righteous tone. "As the branch leader of our Organization, you don't have to go out of your way to meet with Celine. Since I also want to meet and talk to her, why don't you give me this task? With this, you will be hitting two birds with one stone. I'm sure that you have many important matters that need your attention. Right, Sir?"

Conner eyed the Sorcerer as he considered his proposal. Floyd idolized Celine and had read all of the research documents that she had worked on while she was still active in the affairs of The Organization.

Floyd had always wanted to meet his idol. Conner and Calum were aware of this, but since Celine had secluded herself in Lont and asked not to be disturbed, they didn't tell the scholar about her whereabouts.


"Can I trust you to do this task properly?"

"Of course, Sir. I promise that I won't let you down. Give me all the information about this William and I'll handle this task perfectly."

Conner pondered a bit before passing a few documents to Floyd for him to read and understand the things they know about Celine's sole Disciple. 

"I'll assign people to accompany you. Just make sure to be polite and don't use any kind of thre--"

"It's fine, Sir." Floyd waved his hand to cut off Conner's reminder. "I am a meticulous person. I'll make sure to accomplish this task without fail. As for the men you are going to assign to me, I don't need them. I'll bring my own subordinates to meet with Lady Celine.

Conner reigned in the anger that was starting to rise in his chest. The only reason he was holding himself back from giving Floyd a slap on the face was due to the fact that the Super Soldier Project was in its final phases. 

Conflicts at such a crucial stage would not benefit his Organization, so he decided to just clench his fists under the table to stop himself from beating up the man in front of him.

"Well then, please, send these resources to my laboratory sir," Floyd said as he placed a scroll on top of the table. "I'll be taking my leave, and no, you don't have to see me to the door. I can do it myself. Have a good day, Sir Conner."

Floyd left the room in a hurry. He seemed to be very excited about the opportunity of finally meeting Celine. 

Conner watched him go with a cold expression on his face. 

Calum who saw the exchange lightly cleared his throat in order to catch his leader's attention.

"Sir, are you sure this is a good idea?" Calum asked. "Celine might not like Floyd's pushy attitude."

"Although he is annoying, it is true that the Super Soldier Project is important to us," Conner said after organizing his thoughts. "It might be a good idea to let them meet once. Celine is his idol, so I don't think that he will do anything to harm her or offend her."

Calum sighed and reluctantly nodded his head. For some reason, he had a very bad feeling about Floyd's meeting with Celine.

Conner also shared his opinion, but he believed that the scholar wouldn't overstep his bounds. Afterall, Floyd wasn't much of a fighter. He was a scholar, so fighting was something he let his subordinates do. As long as Floyd didn't do anything stupid, Conner was confident that he could patch things up with Celine if he gave her suitable compensation. 

The leader of Deus rubbed his forehead to ease the anxiety he was feeling. Their first priority was to find the monument that would lead them to the Undying Lands. The second was the Super Soldier Project that they would use to fight against the Elves. 

As long as these two things were in his control, he wouldn't have to worry when the temporary alliances fell apart after dealing with the Elven Army.


Conner called for Brendan once again to continue their work in dealing with the current problems that the Hellan Kingdom was facing. If not for the fact that two foreign invaders had trespassed his domain, the entire continent would have already been under his complete control.

He didn't care about the process. All he cared about was the result. 

And the result he wanted was the one-sided massacre of the Elven Race whom he hated to the bone.




Chapter 432

A week later, Floyd brought a hundred men with him to travel to Lont. He still needed to tie up a few loose ends in his laboratory and assigned his subordinates to take care of the experimental subjects that were currently in their Final Stage

Floyd was aware that Celine was a powerful Dark Sorceress. 

Although he idolized her, he was someone who would do anything to get what he wanted. It doesn't matter if he used force, schemes, or deceit to get his way. As long as it worked, he was fine with it.

Since that was the case, he decided to bring his seasoned elites to assist him in his endeavor. Although settling things peacefully was the ideal result, having a Plan B when things didn't go his way was a very normal thing for him to do. 

Anyone who wielded Dark Magic should always be treated with caution. What people didn't know was that Dark Magic had two branches. Dark Magic, the regular dark magic which most Dark Magicians were capable of using and True Dark Magic that was imbued by the power of the Ancients.

If a Dark Magician and a True Practitioner of the Dark Arts fought, the winner would always be the latter. There was simply no chance that someone who wielded Dark Magic, bereft of True Darkness, could win against those whose very hands and feet were bound by an entity that was darker than black. 

Celine was one of those who wielded True Dark Magic and was not afraid to use it if anyone dared to tick her off. 

Some say that there were three strict requirements before one could wield the true power of Darkness. 

The first one was betrayal. 

The second, enslavement.

And the rumored third requirement was to completely, and utterly, surrender oneself into Darkness.

Whether these rumors were true or not, nobody knew. Only those who wielded the true power of Darkness knew these secrets, for they do not share this with the unworthy.

After several days of travel, Floyd and his men finally arrived at the border of Lont. However, they couldn't proceed any further for they noticed several strong existences guarding the small town that they were planning to visit.

"A Millennial Beast and over a dozen Wyverns," one of Floyd's subordinates said with a frown. "What kind of town is this?"

Although they were not afraid of having a brawl with the Ourobro and the Wyverns, that didn't mean that they could just provoke them willy nilly. They were still powerful beasts in their own right and one mistake could lead to a tragic ending.

"What now, Sir?" a skinny man wearing a black robe asked. 

Floyd frowned. The reason why he brought a hundred men with him was to ensure that he could subdue Celine if their talk got out of hand. He had no intention of sending them to fight against these strong beasts and risk any casualties on their side.

"Kell, Kazz, Kurt," Floyd called out. 

""Sir!""


Three men with identical faces stepped forward and bowed their heads respectfully.

"Kell. You have already met Celine in the past right?" Floyd inquired.

"Yes, Sir," Kell replied. "I've delivered two letters to her under Sir Conner's order."

"Good. Now, give this letter to her. Make sure to wait for her reply before you return to me.

"Yes, Sir!"

Kell took the letter and merged with the ground. 

He and his brothers had the unique ability to become completely one with the Earth. This allowed them to travel unimpeded to many places. Because of this, they were assigned many missions to spy on and infiltrate heavily guarded locations that other people wouldn't be able to bypass.

Floyd smiled because he couldn't wait to meet his idol in the flesh. He just hoped that Celine would agree to his request. That way, he wouldn't be forced to use his Plan B.

Celine was lazing around on her sofa when she heard a knock on her door. She immediately stood up because the knock that was used was the hidden code made by the members of The Organization when they planned to communicate with each other.

When she opened the door, she didn't see anyone, but she wasn't the least bit bothered by it. She casually picked up the letter that was left on the doorstep and read its contents.

'Upgrading the Super Soldier Project?' Celine mused. 'So, someone picked up the research I tossed aside when I was still active in the organization. Conner also wanted to meet with William to talk to him?'

Celine read everything in the letter and frowned. She had no intention of working with The Organization at this point in time because she was only interested in dealing with the Elves. 

Aside from helping them with the creation of the Artificial Miasma and giving them some half-finished projects, like the Super Soldier Project, Celine had chosen to distance herself from them.

She devoted herself to doing experiments after receiving the organization's payment of the extremely rare ingredients that she had lost because of the unexpected attack of the Golden-Scaled Crocodile.

Celine had also busied herself in training William, so she didn't have time to participate in the discussions and planning within Deus.

Also, the fact that Conner wanted to meet her Disciple made her raise her guard. If possible, she didn't want William to meet Conner at this point in time. Celine was afraid that William would immediately become hostile with the leader of Deus after what their Organization had done to his family and kingdom. 

The beautiful Elf entered her house once more to write a short letter, which she left on her doorstep. 

A minute after Celine closed the door, the letter merged with the ground and disappeared completely.

"She dares to refuse my proposal?" Floyd read Celine's handwritten letter with a dumbfounded expression. "How absurd! Such a waste of God-Given Talent! This won't do."


Floyd carefully folded Celine's letter before placing it inside his storage ring. 

'If I remember correctly, that William boy had two cousins,' Floyd thought. 'Celine might change her mind if I take them as hostages. I'm sure she doesn't want her disciple to feel sad, so she will compromise and agree to talk with me face to face.' 

He then stared at the town in the distance as he decided to proceed with plan B.

"Kell, Kazz, Kurt," Floyd said. "Go pay a visit to the Ainsworth Residence first. Capture any red-haired person you see and bring them here. One of them is a teenage boy, the other, a child not more than five years old. If you are discovered, escape immediately. Do I make myself clear?"

""Yes, Sir!"" The triplets said in unison before they merged with the ground.

They were Deus' best Infiltration Agents that could practically go anywhere because they had mastered being one with the Earth. Floyd believed that if any of them wanted to escape, no one in the small town of Lont could stop them.

"Eyah!" Eve shouted as she pointed her small wooden stick forward. The seven ducklings, and one goose, followed behind her, as they marched around the garden of the Ainsworth Residence. 

'To think that I, the feared Millennial Beast of the Eastern Regions, would become a Beast Companion of a little girl. If my acquaintances discover this, I'm going to die in shame.' The White Goose lamented his fate as he followed Eve around like a pet.

While the White Goose was weeping internally, it felt something off with the surroundings. As a Millennial Beast that specialized in sensing Magic and Spiritual Power, it immediately noticed the unwanted pests that had intruded upon the Ainsworth Residence.

One of them made a beeline towards Eve, while the other two made their way to the main residence.

Eve and the ducklings were unaware of the approaching danger and were parading around the garden like little soldiers off to war. 

The White Goose was not far behind them and was paying close attention to the person that was buried deep beneath the Earth. 

'Such an adorable little child,' Kell, the eldest of the three triplets thought as he observed Eve from the ground. He didn't snatched Eve right away because he was scanning the surroundings for possible dangers that he may have overlooked.

As one of the Organization's best infiltration agents, their specialty was infiltrating heavily guarded places. Being cautious was part of their creed. After observing his surroundings for five minutes, Kell deemed that it was safe to continue his mission.

He had already scanned the ducklings that were following the little girl around like obedient children. They were just ordinary livestock, and Kell didn't pay too much attention to them. Even the White Goose that was trailing a few steps behind them was nothing special. 

After making sure that the coast was clear, he finally moved in to capture his target.

Half of Kell's body emerged from the ground. He then stretched out his hand to grab the adorable girl and drag her away by force. 

He was just about to grab Eve's arm when a white blur appeared in front of her. Instead of grabbing Eve, Kell grabbed the neck of the White Goose who was looking at him with disdain.

"So, you chose, Death," the White Goose said in a tone filled with malice. It had long wanted to vent out the frustrations in its heart. With such a good opportunity at hand, how could it possibly let it go?


A bloodcurdling scream rang out from the garden of the Ainsworth Residence, making anyone who heard it shiver. 

Not long after, two more screams reverberated from within the main residence. 

Eve was currently lying on the ground asleep and being protected by her seven ducklings. The White Goose had cast a sleeping spell on her, because it was afraid that David would once again descend from the Heavens if he showed Eve something that might give her trauma.

The three screams continued to resound within the town of Lont for two full minutes before the surroundings quieted down. 

Vlad walked out of the Main Residence holding a man in each hand. He then tossed them aside as if they were pieces of trash before returning inside the house. Jekyll arrived just in time to see his father close the door.

He then stared at the two unconscious men who had ghastly expressions on their faces.

The Dentist of Lont grabbed the two men before proceeding to the garden. There, he found a bloody body and a White Goose whose feathers were now stained with blood. 

"Don't worry, I didn't kill him… yet," the White Goose said as he stepped on the man's hand, crushing all of his bones. 

A hoarse scream filled with pain escaped the man's lips before his eyes rolled up into their sockets as he fainted. 

Jekyll appraised the White Goose and nodded his head in appreciation. "You're not half bad. Are you Eve's protector?"

"You can say that," the White Goose replied as it flapped its wings to clear the blood from its feathers. It then used a water spell to clean the blood off of the ground. 

"Are you done with him?" Jekyll inquired.

"Yes, you can have him," the White Goose replied before walking towards Eve. It then used a floating spell to lift the girl from the ground and used the water spell to clean the dirt from her clothes.

He then maneuvered the floating girl back to the residence where she could sleep in her own room. The seven ducklings followed behind Eve and chirped happily as they watched their mother float in the air.

Jekyll chuckled before turning his head to the side.

"Are these friends of yours?" Jekyll asked.

Celine looked down on the three men before firmly nodding her head. "It seems that we have some uninvited guests snooping around."

Jekyll smiled as he pressed his hand over the heads of the two men. He planned to forcefully scan their memories, which would bring them great pain, but the Dentist couldn't care less. 

Celine watched from the side and looked at Jekyll's interrogation technique with great interest. 


A minute later, Jekyll dropped the two men on the ground and flashed Celine a dazzling smile. 

"It seems that we have caught a big fish," Jekyll said. "Are you familiar with a man named Floyd?"




Chapter 433

An hour had passed since the triplets had infiltrated Lont and there had been no news of them since. Floyd was already frowning because he thought that it wouldn't take that long to capture a teenager and a child from within the small Town of Lont.

'Did something happen?' Floyd thought as he observed the Giant Golden Ape in the distance. 

Floyd's subordinates, that he had brought along, were also getting impatient. They were among Floyd's best men and had done many things for him for the past few years. These people had been with him even before he had joined Deus, and always accompanied him during important missions. 

Another hour passed and then two.

Finally, Floyd realized that something was terribly wrong with the lack of feedback from his three subordinates. 

He was about to send more men to infiltrate the City of Lont when Kell, the oldest of the triplets, emerged from the ground in front of Floyd.

"What happened?" Floyd asked. "Where are your brothers?"

Kell lowered his head in shame before pulling out a letter. 

"Sir, Celine asked me to pass you a letter," Kell said as he handed the letter to Floyd.

Seeing that his subordinate wasn't planning to answer his inquiry, Floyd took the letter in his hand and read its contents. Perhaps, the letter would give him the reason why his men had failed to abduct the members of the Ainsworth Family to be used as bargaining chips in his negotiation with Celine.

Dear Floyd,

Your subordinates have already told us everything and I got to say, I'm fairly disappointed with how you handled the situation. Conner and I have an agreement that forbids any member of Deus to touch my Disciple. 


To think that you would be stupid enough to use the loophole to try and kidnap William's family members in order to use as hostages against me? Such audacity.

My Disciple holds the people important to him very dearly. Touching them is akin to touching his reverse scale. If you had succeeded in capturing Matthew or Eve, trust me, you would have an enemy that wouldn't rest until he cut you apart at every joint, healed you repeatedly, and did so again as his beasts feasted on your flesh in front of you. 

You are a scholar, and yet, you failed to understand something so simple. Resorting to violence because you couldn't have your way? Are you a child?

Floyd snorted as he paused his reading of Celine's letter. He wasn't scared of William. He was merely a bug he could crush at any time. The fact that Celine was spouting such nonsense only made his irritation and impatience grow exponentially.

After forcing himself to calm down, he continued to read the hateful letter in his hand that had been handwritten personally by the person he idolized the most in the Southern Continent.

I don't know why you are looking for my Disciple, but he is certainly not here. With that said, why don't you tell me why you are looking for William? Write a letter and hand it over to your subordinate.

Naturally, you may choose to ignore this letter as well. I already know how many men you have and their abilities. If you still feel like catching the members of the Ainsworth Family under my watch, feel free to send your men.

I have been feeling bored as of late, so having a few idiots to kill will certainly raise my mood.

I look forward to hearing your reply, Celine.

'Arrogant Elf.' Floyd muttered. 'But a genius like you has the right to be arrogant. Don't worry, I won't hurt you. I'll just make you understand that you are wasting your talent by staying in this small town in the countryside, instead of conquering the world by my side.'

Floyd thought that Celine had single handedly caught the triplets that he had ordered to infiltrate Lont. Although he didn't know how the Dark Sorceress did it, Floyd was convinced that it was not an impossible thing to do.

He then asked Kell several questions, but the latter stayed silent. Even the threat of torture didn't loosen his subordinate's lips which convinced Floyd that Celine may have taken Kell's brothers as hostages to prevent him from saying anything.


Left with no choice, he was faced with two decisions.

'Should I just brute force my way in?' Floyd thought. 'Or should I negotiate?'

Floyd pondered for a full five minutes before making his decision. He wrote a letter and handed it to Kell, who once again merged with the ground to return to Lont.

The scholar had a sneer on his face as he looked at the sun in the sky.

'Four more hours until sunset,' Floyd mused. 'There's still time. You arrogant woman, you think that just because you know Dark Magic, I will fear you? How naive.'

Floyd had made two plans in his mind. One was to initiate a negotiation with Celine in order to lure her out of the town. As long as the beautiful Elf decided to meet them, he would order his men to capture her at all cost.

He had also considered her to be a bargaining chip to make William submit to him as well. The only reason he had aimed for the Half-Elf's relatives was due to the fact that Celine had refused his proposal. If things had proceeded smoothly then none of this might have happened.

His second option was to wait for nightfall. 

Floyd had made a dozen special artifacts that only worked at night. It allowed them to erase their presence and completely turn invisible. Although it could only accommodate ten people at a time, it was more than enough to create a raiding team that could even bypass a Millennial Beast's highly sensitive perception.

Floyd was able to create such an artifact from a scroll he had unearthed in a ruined temple found inside a Hidden Domain that he had stumbled upon by chance. Unfortunately, after he took the treasures inside the Temple, the Domain collapsed. Floyd was barely able to leave out of it alive, but the things he gained from it was worth it. 

Floyd didn't believe that Celine would be able to do anything once he and the rest of his subordinates had passed through the Town's Gates that were being protected by the Giant Golden Ape and the several Wyverns patrolling the sky.

"This Floyd really thinks too highly of himself," Celine said as she handed the letter to Jekyll who was sitting across from her. "I'm guessing that he's just using this tactic to delay time. Perhaps he is waiting for nightfall before he goes in for the kill."


Jekyll took the letter from Celine's hand and read its contents.

"I expected more from the members of the Organization you joined, but I guess they are feeling too full of themselves from the lack of opposition," Jekyll commented after reading the letter. "It sure is convenient when anyone that could threaten them has been turned into a crystal statue. They think that they can move unhindered in the Hellan Kingdom."

Celine nodded her head in agreement.

Kell stood at the side with his head bowed in silence. After his painful experience with the White Goose, the eldest of the triplets was already at the verge of death. Then Jekyll took him back to his laboratory.

Jekyll had made him drink a bottle of Regeneration Potion made from Mountain Troll's Blood to help regenerate the loss of blood and mend the broken bones in his body. 

The Dentist of Lont had tweaked Kell's body in a way that made him and his two brothers completely subservient to Jekyll, obeying his every command.

"So, what should we do now?" Celine asked as she eyed the smiling Dentist in front of her.

After seeing Jekyll's true form, Celine felt more at ease about being able to protect Lont because her ally was a force to be reckoned with. If they were to add Vlad into the equation then Floyd's group was like a group of small puppies facing off against a dinosaur.

"Having more subordinates is always a good thing," Jekyll replied with an award winning smile. "These triplets are good. Their skills are very unique and are quite useful. If Floyd has more men like them, I would be more than happy to take them all in."

Jekyll looked at Celine mischievously. He was like a little boy that had been given some toys on his birthday and was on the lookout for more.

Celine gave Jekyll a refreshing smile as she nodded her head in understanding. Although she was a member of The Organization, she didn't like people barging into her home turf uninvited.

Also, Floyd's purpose was to make her and her only Disciple submit to him by force. This ticked Celine off. William was her only Disciple and was one of the handful of people she truly cared about.


If the Ainsworth Family was William's reverse scale, then the Half-Elf was Celine's reverse scale. No one was allowed to make her, and her Disciple kneel, because that would be a slap to her face as his Master.

'Floyd, you fool,' Celine mused. 'Let me see how fast you will run after you've poked this hornet nest. I'm sure that you will not forget this experience for the rest of your life.'

Celine and Jekyll smiled evilly. It was now time to get the freeloader Demigod to do his job. This way, the members of The Organization would experience the worst possible nightmare, while all of them were awake.




Chapter 434

"Noooooooo!"

"Run!"

"Forgive me!"

"Please! Have mercy!"

"I don't want to Die!"

Floyd gritted his teeth as blood seeped from the corner of his lips. He ignored the despairing screams around him and decisively used the teleportation artifact in his possession. 

It was his life saving trump card that would send him thousands of miles away from the Nightmare that was currently unfolding in front of him. Never in his wildest dreams did he think that he would meet an existence that stood above the food chain in one of the only small towns that could be found in the countryside.

If he had only known that such an existence was safeguarding Lont, he wouldn't have dared to sneak inside the town with his men to capture Celine and the surviving members of the Ainsworth Family. 

The last thing that Floyd saw was the cold, chilling, gaze of a middle-aged man with long black hair before he sent himself thousands of miles away from the person who had single handedly dealt with the elite members of his organization.

Floyd appeared on top of a mountain overlooking the capital city of Gladiolus. His shaky legs gave way under him and he collapsed on the ground gasping for breath.

'Curse you, Celine!' Floyd gnashed his teeth in anger. He had seen the beautiful Elf with her arms crossed over her chest while looking at his and his men's suffering. 

Celine didn't even bother to hide the disdain on her face. It was as if she was telling Floyd that he was an idiot for even thinking of going against her.

The scholar cursed Celine's name over and over again until he finally calmed down. He was quite worried about the fate of his subordinates, but he didn't dare return to Lont to see if any of them had managed to escape.

Floyd had barely escaped with his life, so he wasn't too optimistic about the survival of his men.


He was at a loss about what to do because the traumatic experience was still fresh in his mind.

The disheveled scholar stared at the city in the distance with a dazed expression. Only when the sun rose from the East did he start to stir. 

Floyd stood and walked in the direction of his lab with shaky steps. Clearly, even after a few hours of meditation, he still wasn't able to clear his mind from the penetrating stare of the Demigod that had wormed its way inside his heart and soul.

"Dark Thrash!" Wendy ordered.

A three-meter-tall, Black Husky, with blue lightning bolts streaked through its fur, and steel blades shaped like wings on its back and front legs, charged with incredible speed at its targets.

Wendy sat firmly on its back as the tip of her spear thrust forward. Flashes of lightning illuminated the surroundings as Thor twisted it's body to the side. Moments later, the Black Husky reappeared a few meters away from its target.

The upper half of the Blue-Scaled Naga's body slid to the side before collapsing on the ground. Blue blood spurted in the air like a fountain as the Boss Monster of the Twentieth Floor died under Thor's and Wendy's Special Attack.

Wendy patted her new mount, Thor, and praised it for doing a good job as they looked at the Monster they had felled together.

Unlike the Goblin Crypt, the monsters in the Dungeon of Atlantis don't turn into particles of light when they died. Their corpses remain after they were killed, and would be absorbed by the dungeon after an hour if left alone.

Perhaps this is due to the Dungeon's High-Rank, or perhaps it was due to other factors. Right now, William and the System didn't have enough information about High-Rank dungeons in his world. They were planning to visit other dungeons to investigate more and compare it to the unusual traits of the Dungeon of Atlantis.

William threw the corpse through a portal that led to his Thousand Beast Domain. He had already assigned some Goblin Warriors and Centaurs, that specialized in dismantling beast corpses, to handle the dirty work.

Ragnar, sat beside Ashe and looked at this scene with a calm expression. However, that was only on the surface. If one looked at its back, its tail was wagging excitedly left and right as if it was itching to join in the action and kill some Boss Monsters as well.

After the two finished their Growth phase, their ranks immediately jumped to Class B (Mid) Beasts. However, it didn't end there. For some reason, the King Chess Piece resonated within William's Spiritual World and unlocked a special function that became available to his Familia Members.

This function was called Kinship Evolution.


William already had this skill in his Quick Shot Shepherd Job Class, but he still hadn't assigned any skill points to it. He had been so busy crafting acid bombs for his Aerial Cavalry that he didn't have the time to upgrade the level of his Quick Shot Shepherd Job Class.

His Alchemist Job Class had reached its max level just a day ago, which also marked the completion of his Acid Bomb Project. This was why he decided to join Wendy, Ashe, Est, and Isaac, in their dungeon fight against the Boss Monster of the Twentieth Floor.

William knew that he would need the power of his main Job Class, so he decided to increase its level to the limit as well. 

He was able to practice alchemy with peace of mind because Ashe and Wendy had been leveling his other Job Classes for him. 

This was the advantage of having a Familia. William could just assign any Job Class to them and allow the two girls to increase its level, while the Half-Elf focused on equipping his King's Legion with powerful bombs that would be used in the future.

His only regret was that he was unable to enter Est's Dreams and accidentally *Ahem* add her to his Familia as well. There was some kind of powerful barrier that prevented William from entering her dreams. 

Although William felt a little regretful, he wasn't too bothered by it. From time to time, Est would come to find him and the two of them would train inside William's world. 

What kind of training are they doing? Of course it was a training to allow Est to increase her knowledge when it came to the things that lovers did. 

Est was still very passive and allowed William to teach her the things that she needed to know. From kissing, headpats, cuddling, hand holding, and anything in between, William patiently taught his timid lover, who had the knack of making his heart skip a beat due to her cute reactions, everytime they did THIS and THAT.

While the Half-Elf was remembering the intimate kiss he shared with East just a few hours ago, Wendy jumped off Thor's back and the latter returned to his original form, which was only half a meter tall.

'Maybe I should get that Kinship Evolution skill and try it with Mama,' William thought. 'I wonder what form she would transform into?'

"Ruff!"

"Don't worry, we will get our turn next." Ashe patted Ragnar's head and the latter wagged its tail happily.

In the past, Ian and Ragnar didn't get along. It was because Ragnar felt that Ian hated William, whom it recognized as its parent. Now, it was able to feel Ashe's love for William, which made Ragnar's attitude to Ashe have a complete reversal.


Just like Wendy, Ashe had also gained the ability of Kinship Evolution and her partner was none other than Ragnar. 

Ashe had tried to use this ability a few hours ago and the result far surpassed William's expectations.

When Thor and Ragnar underwent Kinship Evolution, their Ranks immediately jumped to the Centennial Rank. 

Thor's Centennial Form was called Blade Xolotl, and Ragnar's Centennial Form was Grand Cerberus.

As the name suggested, Ragnar would transform into a three-meter-tall, three-headed-dog that wielded the power of Fire, Wind, and Earth. With Ashe wielding the element of Water, the two of them were able to form combination attacks by merging the elements together.

Est felt very jealous about this because she knew that the two beasts were William's kids, born from his blood. Technically, they were his babies and two of these babies were now chummy with William's other lovers, which made her feel left out.

Because of this, William promised her that he would ask Dia if she was willing to become Est's companion, once she woke up. This made Est very happy because Dia was also William's baby, so naturally, Dia would then become her baby also.

It was at that moment when Oliver received a message from Celine through their special means of communication. 

After receiving his Mistress' message, the Parrot Monkey asked William if the two of them could go somewhere private so they could talk. 

William knew that his Second Master wouldn't ask him to talk in private if it wasn't important, so he bid his lovers goodbye and told them to return to the Chieftain's Residence for the time being. 

Although Brianna turned a blind eye to their disappearances every now and then, William knew that the adorable loli's inner curiosity would make her want to know where they went whenever they disappeared from the residence.

Although William didn't mind sharing his secrets with Brianna, he still held back in the end. The granddaughter of the Great Chieftain was quite mature for her age. 

William was afraid that if Brianna discovered that he had a Domain, a private army, and a couple Dungeons that he could visit whenever he wanted, she would do her best to try and join in on the fun and beg him to allow her to go with them.

Although William trusted Brianna, he didn't trust Prince Ernest. If possible, he didn't want any members of the Royal Family to learn about his secrets. He was still disgusted about the fact that Prince Lionel had betrayed their Kingdom and even tried to capture his Big Brother and Big Sister.


If the Crown Prince hadn't been imprisoned by the members of The Organization, he might have already killed the bastard Prince and fed his corpse to the Supreme Killer Koalas inside his Thousand Beast Domain.




Chapter 435

William clenched his fists as his killing intent swirled around his body. Oliver had informed him that Deus had tried to infiltrate Lont in order to kidnap Matthew and Eve. The Parrot Monkey added that their goal was to use the two of them as hostages in order to make William submit to Floyd's demands.

Although they didn't know what these demands were, they understood that they had to hold significant weight for Floyd to personally attack Lont with his men.

"Don't worry, our freeloader Demigod has already dealt with them," Oliver said. "Unfortunately, Floyd got away. No. More likely, Vlad allowed him to get away. Demigods don't usually antagonize mortals because it is beneath them to do that."

William took deep breaths in order to take hold of his emotions. The mere thought of having Eve kidnapped was enough to make him go on a killing spree. Fortunately, Floyd didn't succeed, or else William would have immediately left the Kyrintor Mountains and hunted Floyd down like a rabid dog out for blood.

"Please tell Master to thank Lord Vlad for me," William replied after he regained his calm. 

Oliver nodded as he assured William that he would pass on his message to Celine. 

"Ah, Mistress also wanted to tell you something else," Oliver said. "She said that you should continue your training and do your best to recruit more allies."

"Second Master, did you not tell the Master about the Dungeon of Atlantis?"

"Why should I? This is your secret. If you want her to know, tell her yourself."

Although Oliver had kept his correspondence with Celine about William's current affairs, he never told her about William's new Goblin Army or about the Dungeon of Atlantis. 

Although he could be devilish at times, Oliver was someone who respected the privacy of others. Unless it was truly important, he wouldn't share any secrets with Celine without the permission of the person involved.


The Parrot Monkey would even leave William's side whenever he spent his time with his lovers. This was his stance when it came to the Half-Elf's welfare, whom he also considered to be his own Disciple.

"Thank you, Second Master," William said. He was touched because he didn't expect that Oliver would keep the secrets he held from his Master, Celine.

"You're welcome," Oliver replied. "Ah! Before I forget there was one more message from the Mistress. She said that Ezio went to the Zelan Dynasty to spy on the Elves. According to him, the Teleportation Gates will be completed in a month and a half."

Oliver paused for a while before continuing his message.

"He added that if you have any plans to sabotage it, you should meet with him a month from now at the border of the Zelan Dynasty. That is all."

William frowned. A month may seem like a long time, but it was also too short to do anything. Right now, he still hadn't met Takam's requirements, so he wouldn't be able to count on the Titanic Green-Scaled Trollhound for help. 

The Half-Elf sighed as he rubbed his forehead. Oliver just watched him from the side, his eyes filled with pity.

Time was of the essence, and William was doing his best to make ends meet. After making up his mind, William decided to pour the next few days into advancing his Job Classes as much as he could. That is the only way for him to stand a chance against the Elven Army who was about to call for reinforcements from their homeland.

Royal Palace of the Zelan Dynasty…

Arslan stared at the capital city of the Zelan Dynasty--Briar Glen--with a sad expression on his face. The once lively city was now a dark and gloomy place. The occasional laughter that usually permeated the air could no longer be heard. It was replaced with a solemn atmosphere that made his heart ache.

A few moments later, he heard the sound of footsteps approaching him from behind. He turned around and knelt on the cold tiled-floor and waited for his Master's orders. 


Yes. Arslan was now a slave that served directly under the Elven Princess. If one were to ask if he liked his current circumstances, the answer would definitely be No. However, Arslan had to admit that Princess Eowyn had treated him well and didn't order him anything unreasonable--like harming his own people.

Most of the time, Arslan just stayed inside the man servant's quarters as he waited for the Princess to summon him. He would accompany her wherever she went and served as her bodyguard.

The survivors who recognized him during these excursions outside the palace would look at him in pity. Their greatest prodigy was now a slave and serving their conquerors. This left a bitter aftertaste in their hearts.

This was what Elandorr had wanted to happen. He wanted the Humans to despair and forget any notions of resistance. This was why he urged Princess Eowyn to go on Humanitarian Missions to the different cities of the Zelan Dynasty to give food to the survivors who were struggling to survive. 

Princess Eowyn also understood the meaning behind it, but she still thought that this was for the best. The sooner the Humans submitted to their race, the sooner their suffering would end. At least, that was what she thought.

However, behind closed doors, the Elves would trample on the Humans' dignity. They would humiliate and degrade them, until they pleaded for mercy. The Elves made sure that the Humans knew their place and treated them like slaves.

A month after the invasion, the survivors were starting to lose hope. Arslan's capture was the last nail of the coffin and it made what little hope that they had in their hearts vanish completely. 

Arslan sighed in his heart. He knew that today would be just like any other day where they would visit another city and parade him around like a monkey. 

'I hope that Paul managed to find the Crown Prince,' Arslan thought as he raised his head to look at the beautiful Princess who looked at him with a smile. 

Although Eowyn was beautiful, Arslan couldn't find it in his heart to be attracted to her. How could he possibly hold tender feelings to the Elven Princess whose race had made their lives a living hell?

No. 


Love and affection were not the things he needed. What he wanted was a blade. A sharp, and cold, blade that would end the life of this beautiful princess who was now standing in front of him. 

Although he knew that the Princess was innocent, this was the only way he could vent out his anger for the deaths of the children in the capital. Children that had died due to the neglect of the Elves.

Innocents that had been treated like trash until their dying breath. But that was not the end of it. The Elves would gather these bodies and throw them outside the city gates where a giant pit was dug.

There they would be set ablaze until only ashes were left. 

Sounds like a proper burial?

It would seem that way.

Unfortunately, the Elves had other things in mind.

In that very same pit where the ashes of his people were being kept, Ash Golems would emerge. These three-meter-tall Golems were Class B (High) Beasts that the Elves were planning to use as Cannon Fodder for the upcoming war with the Hellan Kingdom and the Kraetor Empire. 

Arslan had watched this phenomenon happen countless times already. Everytime it happened, his hatred for the Elves would increase. 

He prayed, with every fiber of his being, that an opportunity would come. An opportunity that would allow him to personally kill Elandorr or the Elven Princess by his side. 

Princess Eowyn felt someone staring intently behind her. She then turned her head to look at Arslan with a smile. 


'Just one chance,' Arslan thought as he smiled back at the innocent Princess whose beauty was coveted by all of the young Elves in the Silvermoon Continent. 

'All I need is one chance to send you to the afterlife. I wonder… will you still smile at me as I slit your throat in front of your people?'

Arslan's smile deepened. He looked forward to the day where he would personally stab his blade right into the Elven Princess'… tender heart.




Chapter 436

Empress Sidonie lazily opened her eyes as she looked outside the window of her room. A sigh escaped her lips as she looked towards the West, where the Hellan Kingdom was located.

The kingdom where her beloved Half-Elf currently resided.

< I bet you the entire Anaesha Dynasty that he's not thinking about you. >

Morgana teased Sidonie from within their shared Mindscape. Her other half would always look to the West whenever her mind wandered.

'I know,' Empress Sidonie replied. 'Right now, we are too insignificant to catch his attention.'

< Should we attack the Hellan Kingdom? That way, Darling will be forced to pay attention to us. Just send a million ants over and the capital will be yours in a matter of days. >

'That is too boring, Big Sister. We can't win his heart by trampling on his homeland. In fact, it would only make him hate us, which is not something we want to happen.'

Morgana chuckled within their shared Mindscape. If Empress Sidonie had her way, conquering the Hellan Kingdom was an easy task. However, what she wanted to conquer was William's heart, not the nation he lived in.

'Several chess pieces are still missing,' Empress Sidonie said as she walked towards the window. 'It is still too early to make our move. Besides, there are still the Elves that are currently having fun in the Zelan Dynasty.'

< Ah… the Elves. They will make good slaves. We should get some for the feisty boys in the Kraetor Empire. Have you noticed? Prince Jason is making it very obvious that he wants to pin you down in his bed. >

'He's not qualified,' Empress Sidonie replied as she thought of her ambitious Cousin. 'How about you, Big Sister? Are you interested in him?'

< Hahaha. Surely you jest? The only one that I want to ravage me is Darling. Prince Jason may be handsome, and an excellent warrior, but my heart only beats for Darling. >


Empress Sidonie smiled sweetly. The power of Lust was slowly awakening inside her body. Her desire to make William fall head over heels for her would sometimes cloud her reason, but thanks to her strong will power, she was able to brush it away.

Love and Lust had a very thin boundary between them. What Empress Sidonie wanted was Love. Morgana wanted Lust.

They loved, and lusted over, the same man and it was driving both girls to do things they had never done before. It was driving them to feel things they have never felt before.

< Sidonie, the Elves will finish their teleportation gates in less than two months. Our side needs two months. If we don't act soon, the advantage we have will be for naught. Our warriors may be strong, but they are still young. When the Elven reinforcements arrive, it will be too late to do anything. >

'Don't worry, Big Sister,' Sidonie replied with a calm expression. 'I already thought of a way to deal with that matter.'

< Oh? Pray do tell. Don't hide things from me. >

Empress Sidonie giggled as her eyes looked at the setting sun. how could she possibly allow the Elves to have their way? In her eyes, they were just chess pieces that she could use to make her game of Love much more interesting.

William's flying carriage landed at the Ainsworth Residence.

It had been two weeks since Oliver had passed Ezio's message to him, and he had done everything that he could in that span of time.

Since he was able to access the Dungeon of Atlantis no matter where he was, he decided to return to the Town of Lont in order to formulate his plan to prevent the Elves from completing their teleportation gates.

"Will!" Eve shouted as she ran towards William who had just stepped out of the flying carriage.

William grinned as he picked up his beloved niece and spun her around, making the little girl giggle in happiness. Seven ducklings chirped from beside his feet as if telling him to put their Mama down.



The White Goose, on the other hand, stayed a few meters away from William and gave him an appraising glance. 

'Not the same, but similar,' the White Goose thought as he used his sensitive senses to examine the Half-Elf who was showering Eve with kisses on her cheeks. 

Unlike Eve who was overflowing with Spiritual Power, William's presence was only average. However, due to the White Goose being at the peak of the Millennial Rank, it was able to subtly feel the power of the Divinities within William's body.

This made it consider William as someone that it needed to take precaution against, because for some odd reason, it had a feeling that even if it used its full power, it wouldn't be able to defeat the Half-Elf in a one-on-one battle.

"Were you a good girl while I was away?" William asked.

"Yes!" Eve nodded her head like a good girl.

"Good. I will give you your favorite lollipops later."

"Yay!"

William grinned as he carried his niece back inside the house. Est, Ashe, Wendy, and Isaac followed behind him. The four girls already knew how much William cared for his family members. Seeing William spoiling Eve made them think that the Half-Elf would definitely dote on his own children when they were born.

The Ainsworth Residence became a lively place after William's arrival. Leah and Isaac worked together in the kitchen to prepare a feast for everyone.

Crown Prince Alaric and Princess Aila also arrived at the residence in order to meet and talk with William. They brought Paul along, so the latter could finally meet the person whom Prince Alaric had mentioned several times during their stay in the Town of Lont.

"It's good to see you again, Cousin." Prince Alaric greeted with a smile.



William smiled and made a gesture for Alaric, Aila, and Paul to join them at the dining table. 

"You came at the right time," William replied. "I was planning to look for you later after lunch to talk about important matters."

The smile on Prince Alaric's face widened because he had a hunch about what William's important talk was about.

"Good." Prince Alaric nodded. "I look forward to our discussion later."

The two teenagers exchanged a knowing glance with each other before committing themselves to enjoying the feast that Leah and Isaac had prepared. The atmosphere was quite lively. No one talked about the invaders or the hardships that they were currently facing.

Everyone knew that this was not the place for that and simply enjoyed each other's company. 

Two hours later, William and his entourage, Celine, Jekyll, Prince Alaric, Princess Aila, and Paul, sat in the conference room inside the residence.

All of them looked at William and waited for him to start their discussion.

William briefly scanned the faces of everyone in the room. The smiles from earlier were gone, and everyone had serious expressions on their faces. The Half-Elf knew that now was a good time to start the discussion, so he finally told them the reason he had returned to Lont.

"Right now, there is only a month remaining before the teleportation gates of the Elves begin their operation," William said. "We can't allow this to happen, so I have decided to go to the Zelan Dynasty and meet up with Fourth Master to destroy it."

William then glanced at the Crown Prince who was forced to flee from his own Dynasty. He knew that if he wanted to increase his chances of success, he would need people who were familiar with the lands and cities of the Zelan Dynasty.

That way, he would be able to effectively initiate an attack whenever he wanted.



William had long wanted to test his mettle against the Elven Prodigies that his Master had praised many years ago during his training. He wanted to know just how strong they were. That way, he could make an assessment to know if his own private force would be able to deal a devastating blow to their forces when they clashed on the battlefield.




Chapter 437

"Allow me to introduce to you one of the most loyal subjects of our Dynasty," Prince Alaric said as he glanced at the boy that was seated by his side. "This is Paul Collins. He is one of the Royal Guards assigned to protect the family."

Paul stood from his seat and bowed towards William. "It is an honor to finally meet the person that our Crown Prince had been praising for the past few days. I have heard the story of your valor on the Peak of Chivalry when you fought against the Prince of the Anaesha Dynasty. I wish I was there to witness it personally."

William smiled and gave Paul a brief nod. He didn't know what kind of people served as the Royal Guards of the Zelan Dynasty, but Paul's way with words made William think that being eloquent in the art of flattery was a requirement to serve the Royalty of the Zelan Dynasty.

"Thank you for your praise," William replied. "If you had been there, you would have definitely been in awe of how awesome I was. That Prince from the Anaesha Dynasty was just a small fry. I could have easily killed him with a single sneeze if I wanted to, but since I planned to be lowkey, I decided to just use my weakest attack to defeat him."

Paul used all of his willpower to prevent the corner of his lips from twitching. He had just praised William because he wanted to make a good first impression. He didn't expect the Half-Elf to start boasting of his accomplishments in front of him.

Prince Alaric and Princess Aila, on the other hand, averted their gazes. They were also doing their best not to roll their eyes at William's boastful words.

If they believed William's words that using Soleil, to completely incinerate his opponent and turn the entire arena into a blazing hell, was being lowkey then the two of them would be complete idiots.

If that was being lowkey then what was being high key? Obliterating the entire Third Peak of Chivalry?


After William finished praising himself, Prince Alaric continued his introduction.

"Paul is also one of the best scouts of our Dynasty. He is very familiar with the terrain and will be a good ally to help you in your endeavors, Cousin."

"Oh? That sounds promising."

William eyed Paul and nodded his head in appreciation. He didn't need to hide anything from Prince Alaric because the latter was quick to pick up on things.

"As you may have already guessed, I plan to go to the Zelan Dynasty," William declared. "My reason for going there is to sabotage the construction of the teleportation gates that are currently being built by the Elves. 

"Since, once that structure is completed, all of us can just plan to roll over and wait for them to chop our heads off one by one. Due to the severity of the situation, I decided to ask for your support in guiding me inside your Dynasty. It will be much easier to find our way around if we have a local to guide us in our travels."

Paul pressed his fist over his chest. "I swear upon my Family's name that I will risk even my life to assist you, Sir William, to the best of my abilities."

William nodded. "I cannot promise that I will be able to help you drive the Elves away from your Dynasty. But, I will certainly do my best to prevent them from calling for more reinforcements. I will count on you, Sir Paul, to find us the best opportunity to conduct our surprise attack."


"I will do my best, Sir William."

"Good. That is all I ask."

The two teenagers shook hands to seal the deal of their cooperation. Prince Alaric also pressed his hand over theirs to tell them that he would also go with them to fight against the Elves.

Princess Aila watched this exchange from the side and made her decision. She would also accompany William to aid him on his mission to fight against the Elves. Although she had only spent a short time with her Master, Owen, the Life Archon had taught her a lot of powerful spells that she had memorized during her stay in Lont.

Princess Aila believed that she would be able to play an important role in healing the injuries of William and his team when the need arose.

Celine and Jekyll exchanged a glance and nodded their heads at the same time. They would also accompany William on this mission and leave the safety of Lont to Vladimir. Once the Elves succeeded, although Lont would be safe, the Capital of the Hellan Kingdom would definitely fall in the hands of the Elves after a few weeks if they did not help William with his mission.

The beautiful Dark Sorceress had no love for her race. In fact, she was like Kasogonaga and Conner who wanted nothing more than to burn the entire Silvermoon Continent to the ground. 

Jekyll's main reason for going was that he couldn't allow William to fight the Elves alone. According to Ezio's report, there were at least Six Saint Level Fighters, Three Archmages, and one Grand Archmage among the Elven Forces in the Zelan Dynasty.


William might be able to deal with the Elven Prodigies, but against the powerhouses of the Elven Race, he was just like an egg being thrown at a boulder. 

Jekyll wouldn't allow the Half-Elf to suffer miserably in their hands because he had made a promise to William's father. Although his hate for the Elves wasn't as extreme as Celine's, Kasogonaga's, and Conner's, he still found them to be an eyesore in his sight.

The group discussed until late into the night before dispersing to make their necessary preparations.

Just as the sun rose from the East, dozens of flying carriages left the Town of Lont. Eve waved at them from the ground as she watched them disappear into the horizon. 

Leah placed her hand over the small girl's shoulder as she sighed in her heart. She and Matthew had also wanted to go, but William rejected their request. The Half-Elf insisted that they needed to stay in Lont because Celine and Jekyll were no longer around.

Eve needing a caretaker was also a factor. William wasn't too keen on letting other people take care of her while they were away. Because of this, Matthew and Leah could only watch them go as they prayed silently in their hearts.

Takam glanced at this flying procession from on top of the Kyrintor Mountains. His age-old eyes softened as these brave young warriors went to the front lines to wage war against the invaders of their lands. 

"War doesn't prove who's right or wrong," Takam muttered. "It only shows who's left."





Chapter 438

"Is that the gateway that leads to the Labyrinth of the Minotaur Race?" William asked as he looked at the gigantic gate that was forty-meters tall and twenty meters in width. 

"Yes," Erchitu replied with pride. "That gate is called the Gate of Beginnings. It is the gate that leads to the labyrinth where the Minotaur Race has built their sanctuary."

(A/N: William and Erchitu are talking to each other through telepathy.)

Erchitu was ten meters tall. It was as big as the Diabolical Hell Ape, and the Ourobro, Lufie, that protected the Town of Lont.. 

The gate was four times its size. It was large enough for King Kong and Godzilla to pass through without any problems.

"Um, is King Minos forty meters tall?" William inquired.

Erchitu shook his head. "King Minos is only half my size, but even ten of me would not be able to be his match."

"He's that strong?"

"Naturally. He is afterall, our Sovereign."

William nodded his head in understanding. If he was able to gain the help of the Minotaur Race then fighting against the Elves would be easier. However, this could not be done at this point in time. 

A powerful seal had been placed on the Giant Gates and no one could open it from the outside. Even if one were to use powerful spells and strong physical attacks, the gates wouldn't budge nor would it be destroyed. That was how powerful the enchantments on it were.

After several attempts, the Elves decided that there was no use in trying to destroy the gate and massacre the Minotaur Race while they were weakened. 



They left the Gate of Beginnings alone as they focused on stabilizing their control over the Zelan Dynasty.

Suddenly, William's System informed him that several presences were headed in his direction. The Half-Elf casually opened his map and saw thousands of red dots encircling his position. 

"Erchitu, they are here," William said as he gazed at the forest in the distance.

The Giant White Ox turned his head to look in the direction where William was looking at and nodded. 

Five minutes later, a handsome Elf with long blonde hair and gray eyes walked out of the forest alone and looked at William in disdain. 

"Who are you and what are you doing in the territory of the Elves?"

"I am your father. Don't you even know your father's name?"

Elandorr narrowed his eyes at the filthy Half-Elf who dared to taunt him. Just like his father, the young commander of the Elves hated Half Elves. For him, they were a stain in the bloodline of their race and must be purged from the face of the world.

"So, you're not going to name yourself?" Elandorr asked. He eyed William as well as the Giant White Ox beside him. 

William smirked as he used his appraisal skill on the arrogant Elf who was scanning his surroundings to see if there were any traps or ambushes that waited for him and his Elven Elites.

"Since you want to know my name so badly then allow me to introduce myself," William replied as he flipped his hair in an arrogant manner. "I am the son of Lady Arwen, the Saintess of the World Tree, and the Savior of the Elven Race, Maxwell Von Ainsworth."

William paused as he raised his chin arrogantly, "My name is William Von Ainsworth."


Elandorr frowned as he appraised the Half-Elf in front of him. Princess Eowyn had approached him a few days ago and informed him that the son of the Saintess was a citizen of the Hellan Kingdom. She had also told him William's name and described his facial features so Elandorr half-believed the Half-Elf's declaration.

Murmurs started to spread among the Elves hidden in the trees. There had been rumors that their Saintess, Lady Arwen, had given birth many years ago, but there had been no proof of this claim whatsoever. 

This matter was only known to the Elders and Patriarchs of the Elven Clans. This was also why Arwen made the hard decision to call for her husband's twin, Morgan, and have him take William with him back to the Southern Continent.

Not all the Elves looked at her son favorably. Some of them even want to take his life. In order to guarantee his safety, Arwen gave birth within the Aenarion Family's Hidden Domain, where none of the other Elves were allowed to set foot. 

The Elven King also helped shield Arwen and her child from pursuers and even secretly assigned Royal Guards to escort Morgan back to the Southern Continent. Because of the Elven King's protection, those who wished William dead had no choice but to abandon their plans. 

They didn't dare provoke both the Elven Royal Family and the Aenarion Family, who was the current head of the Elven Council. Because of this, William had safely departed the Silvermoon Continent and left alone to live in Lont ever since.

"Oh? So, you're telling us that you're the son of our Saintess? Do you think I'm a fool?" Elandorr snorted. "The Saintess never had a child. You dare to slander her good name? You've got guts, you filthy half blood!"

William chuckled. "So, this is how you repay the son of your savior? I thought the Elves were a righteous and proud race. I didn't know that they were a bunch of hypocrites."

"Taunt us all you want, but we will not believe your lies," Elandorr replied.

Even if William was the real son of their Saintess he wouldn't acknowledge it. In fact, one of the missions given by his Patriarch was to kill William the moment he saw him.

"Wait."

A soft voice called out from within the forest. Soon, a beautiful Elf with long, honey-blonde, hair and blue eyes stepped out of the forest and looked at William with a curious glance.


"Are you the Knight Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign?" Princess Eowyn asked.

She had also been part of the emergency meeting and decided to come along with Elandorr on this operation. The Sword Saints that guarded her stood behind her back as they, too, eyed William with curiosity.

"Yes." William nodded. "Have you heard of me?"

Elandorr stepped in front of Princess Eowyn and blocked William's line of sight.

"How dare you be rude to our Princess?!" Elandorr shouted. "Kneel and show your respect to the Princess of the Elves. Only then will I show you mercy and let you keep your dog's life."

William shook his head as he looked at Elandorr with a fed-up expression.

"Didn't your Mama ever tell you to not butt in when two people are talking?" William asked. "Or are you telling me that you have no Mama? Sucks to be you then."

Elandorr wasn't someone that was easy to provoke. The reason he was preventing William from talking to the Princess was because he wanted to eliminate the Half-Elf as soon as possible. If Princess Eowyn acknowledged him as the son of their Saintess, it would be very difficult for him to kill William in front of the Elven Army.

"I've had enough of your nonsense!" Elandorr raised his hand and gave the signal to attack. "Kill him! Protect the princess!"

Several whistling sounds erupted from the forest, as all the Elves unleashed their arrows. Elandorr was their Commander, and their patriarchs had told them that his word was law. Also, the Princess was only a Supervisor on this mission, she didn't have the authority to order any of the Elves, aside from her entourage, from following her.

"And so it begins," William said softly as a fearless smile appeared on his lips. "Erchitu, are you ready to rumble?"

Erchitu snorted and stood in front of William. The two of them didn't come here to talk. They came here to beat the crap out of the Elves and make them understand that there were some people that they shouldn't provoke, no matter what.





Chapter 439

The tinkling sounds of arrows hitting metal resounded at the Gate of Beginnings. 

Erchitu's white fur glowed in a radiant light as the arrows bounced off its surface. The Tall Gate behind the Giant White Ox shimmered as it transferred its protection to the Champion of the Minotaur Race.

Erchitu was standing inside the boundary of the gate, and it could harness its power at will. Right now, Erchitu's defenses were as powerful as the Gate of Beginnings which had withstood the strongest attack of the Elven Grand Archmage, as well as the Blademasters who were equivalent to the Saint Rank. 

If their attacks couldn't even leave a dent on the gate then mere arrows would have no chance of breaching Erchitu's defenses. 

William stood behind Erchitu with his arms crossed over his chest. They had already devised a plan on how to deal with the pesky Elven Army, who had no intention of showing them any mercy.

As long as Erchitu stood within the boundary of the Gate, he was almost invincible. Of course, the Giant White Ox couldn't stay in this state for too long. The Magic and Spiritual Power of the Gate of Beginnings was tremendous and it could only harness it for a short period of time or else its body would explode due to absorbing too much power.

Erchitu had told William that it could only last for half an hour before they needed to switch to their backup plan. The Half-Elf was busy paying attention to the map on his status page to gauge how large an Elven force they had lured into the Domain of the Minotaur Race.

'A little more than two thousand,' William frowned. 'I was expecting more, but I guess they thought that their current forces were enough. I hope the others will be able to accomplish their mission.'

Elandorr raised his hand to order a halt to the barrage of arrows that had dealt little to no damage to the Giant Ox who was protecting the Half-Elf he wanted to kill.

"Mages! Open fire!" Elandorr ordered.

A shower of elemental spells descended upon Erchitu who stood in front of the Half-Elf who was busy eating an apple. 


William completely ignored the barrage of spells because he knew that Erchitu would be able to handle them all. He wasn't too worried about the Elves throwing everything at him. What he was worried about was that the Elves would give up and leave him alone.

After three minutes of bombardment, the spells stopped coming. Smoke rose up in the air as the Elves waited to see if their attacks had turned the Giant White Ox into barbecue. 

What greeted them was William sitting on a chair, and fanning himself with a feather fan, while eating. He was looking so relaxed, it was as if he was just here to observe his surroundings.

"Eh? Is it already over?" William asked after finishing the apple in his hand. "I thought the Elven Prodigies were strong. I didn't expect them to be so weak. Tsk! Tsk! The old grandma in my hometown can easily lift me up and spank my bum until I cry out in pain. But you Elves? Tsk, what a bunch of weaklings."

William shook his head in dismay and raised his voice so that all the long-eared bastards could hear him.

"It's no wonder why my father had to go to the Silvermoon Continent to save all of you from the Demon Race. What a bunch of Puss*es!" William taunted. "My father and I are not afraid of Puss*es! Hahahahahaha!"

William's irritating laughter grated the nerves of the Elves who were itching to beat him to a pulp. Even Elandorr, who had not reacted to William's taunts earlier, was finding it hard to keep the calm expression on his face as he listened to William's irritating laughter.

"What is a P*ssy?" Princess Eowyn asked one of the Blademasters by her side.

The Saint Class Warrior averted his gaze and pretended that he didn't hear the Princess' inquiry. Princess Eowyn had been raised with love and care. The Royal Instructors, as well as the Saintess, Lady Arwen, didn't teach her anything vulgar, and steered clear from all profanities, lest they influence her in a bad way.

Princess Eowyn looked at the laughing Half-Elf in the distance, and a frown appeared on her beautiful face. Although she didn't understand the coarse words that the Half-Elf was using, she felt that what William was saying was very rude.

"Shut up!" Elandorr shouted. "As expected of a Half-Elf. Everything that comes out of your mouth is disgusting."


"As expected of an Elf," William replied with a sneer. "Your face reminds me of a P*ssy! Hahaha!"

Erchitu who was standing in front of William was fighting the urge to kick the Half-Elf who was seated beside his feet. Although both of them were on the same side, he felt embarrassed listening to William's vulgar words.

"So, what are you going to do now?" William asked in an arrogant tone. "Is this the best that you've got?"

The Half-Elf was paying attention to the time. Erchitu only had a quarter of an hour before it would reach its limit. Until then, he would do his best to make the Elves wish that they could hack him to bits.

"Princess Eowyn," William called out to the Princess that was standing several meters away from Elandorr, and protected by two Blademasters. "I've heard many things about you from my mother."

Princess Eowyn's ears perked up as she heard William's words. Aside from her parents, the Elven Princess loved Lady Arwen the most. This was why when the Saintess accepted her as a Disciple, the Princess danced in joy to the amusement of her parents.

"Lady Arwen said good things about me?" Princess Eowyn asked. "What did Master say about me?"

William's smile widened. Of course, his mother had mentioned her two Disciples in her letters, so he had known a few things about the Princess.

"She said that you like to dance when you are happy," William answered. "Also, your favorite food is the red berries that grow near the World Tree. My mother had said that you were an excellent Disciple and that she was very proud of you."

A warm feeling spread across Princess Eowyn's chest when she heard that Lady Arwen was very proud of her.

However, that feeling soon disappeared at William's next words.


"My mother praised the Elves for their pride, dignity, and valor, but I don't see those redeeming features among the Elves in front of me. All I see are hypocrites and ungrateful scum who have aimed their weapons at and tried to kill the son of their Saintess and Savior."

William sneered as he looked at Elandorr in contempt. "What pride? What dignity? You call this valor? So, your Commander belongs to the Elven Clans who hate the Human Hero that saved your lands. If my father only knew that you were all ungrateful bastards, he would definitely not have even lifted a finger and left you all to be enslaved by the Demon Race."

William's powerful words reverberated in the surroundings which made those who heard them feel ashamed of their actions. Although some of the Ancient Elven Clans hated Maxwell, the majority of the Elves treated him as a hero. Some of the young Elven prodigies even aspired to be like him when they grew up.

Hearing William say that they were ungrateful bastards made them falter.

"Shut up! Don't listen to him!" Elandorr ordered. "He is just spouting nonsense."

William ignored Elandorr and shifted his gaze to Princess Eowyn. "See, Princess? This is why my mother was forced to be separated from me. These Elven scum don't recognize me as Lady Arwen's son. How about you? Do you not recognize me as well?"

Elandorr unsheathed his sword. He couldn't allow William to continue with his tirades. 

Unfortunately, before he could order a full blown confrontation, Princess Eowyn's firm and dignified voice reached his ears.

"I acknowledge you as our Saintess', Lady Arwen's, son," Princess Eowyn said firmly. "Anyone who dares to say that you are not my Master's son will become my enemy. I swear this upon the honor of the Royal Family!"

Elandorr ground his teeth in frustration. Since the Princess had recognized William as their Saintess' son, any further act of instigation would backfire on him. 

The young Elven Commander stared hatefully at William, while the latter looked back at him in ridicule. Now that William's identity was recognized by the Elven Princess, it was now time for him to initiate the next phase of his plan, to ensure that their mission for coming to the Zelan Dynasty would become a success.





Chapter 440

"Sir William, I have a proposal," Princess Eowyn said as she stepped forward. 

Elandorr tried to block her way, but the Princess went past him as she walked towards the Half-Elf who was sitting comfortably on a chair.

The two Blademasters followed behind her. When she was only twenty meters away from William, she finally stopped walking as she eyed her teacher's son with genuine interest.

'He has Lady Arwen's eyes,' Princess Eowyn thought. 'Senior didn't lie to me."

Just as Princess Eowyn was appraising William, the latter was appraising her as well. 

Deep inside, William felt guilty because he was using the Princess's innocence to set his plan into motion. Although he didn't want her to come into any harm, it was impossible not to have any conflicts since both of them stood on opposing sides.

"What is your proposal, Your Highness?" William asked as he fanned himself with his feather fan. "Forgive me if I don't stand to kneel to you. My mood has not been good as of late. I'm sure that you can understand my hardships, yes?"

Princess Eowyn smiled as she brushed aside William's disrespectful words towards her. If the Half-Elf had said this in the Silvermoon Continent, he would have been arrested immediately and thrown into jail. Still, the Princess tolerated William's attitude because of her respect for her Master, Lady Arwen.

"We don't need to fight against each other," Princess Eowyn stated. "I can promise you that if you cooperate with us, I will make you the regent of the Hellan Kingdom. Naturally, it will still fall under Elven Rule, but I can guarantee the safety of you and your citizens."

The Elves who heard their Princess's proposal nodded their heads in agreement. If William was truly the son of their Saintess, they would be able to accept his rule as the regent of the Human kingdom that would soon fall under their rule.

"A tempting offer," William replied with a smile. "However, what if I say no? What are you going to do, Your Highness?"


"Sir William, I am only the Supervisor of this expedition, and my authority is limited," Princess Eowyn. "Bestowing you the regency of the Hellan Kingdom was already outside of my jurisdiction. However, on behalf of Lady Arwen, and your father, the Savior of the Elven Race, Lord Maxwell, I am willing to use the full authority of the Royal Family to confer upon you this title and authority."

The Elven Princess looked at William pleadingly. "Please, let us join hands instead of pointing our weapons at each other. There's no need for senseless killing because I believe that all lives are precious… even the lives of the Human race."

Arslan, who had accompanied the Princess, and was listening to their conversation from within the forest, clenched his fists in anger. 

This was the first time he was hearing something like this and he looked at William with a heated gaze. He was waiting for the Half-Elf's reply to Princess Eowyn's proposal.

"How about this Princess, I find that guy very annoying to the eye," William said as he raised his chin and pointed it in Elandorr's direction. "I have long wanted to experience for myself how strong an Elven Prodigy is. Of course, if the Elven Commander is scared to fight me one-on-one then he can invite a few more lackeys to help him. I don't particularly mind."

William's declaration caught Princess Eowyn by surprise. She then turned her head to look at Elandorr whose expression had returned to its calmness.

"Sir William, you wish to fight with Commander Elandorr in a duel?"

"Yeah. Unless he is scared of me."

Elandorr smiled evilly as he held the sword in his hand firmly. "I accept this duel. To show my reverence to the Saintess, I will do my best to hold back. Of course, blades have no eyes, I will apologize in advance if I accidentally kill you."

"Okay." William nodded. He was unfazed by Elandorr's attempt to hide his killing intent.

William had already known from the start that Elandorr was dead set in killing him. However, he was not afraid. Because he wasn't fighting alone.


'Finish this as soon as you can,' Ashe said from within William's Sea of Consciousness. 'You can't fight prolonged battles.'

'Understood,' William replied.

He summoned his wooden staff as he stood from the chair and walked towards Elandorr. He hadn't lied when he said that he was itching to test his skills against an Elven Prodigy. His Master, Celine had said that he wasn't strong enough to face one back then. However, he was no longer the twelve-year-old boy that suffered under Celine's beatings. 

William was feeling excited at the thought of beating the crap out of the pompous Elven Commander in front of his subordinates.

What William didn't know was that Elandorr as also thinking of the same thing. He wanted to beat up and even cripple the son of the Human Hero that saved their race from the Demon Invasion. He wanted to show everyone that the Elves no longer needed anyone's protection, especially protection from a filthy half blood.

"Ensure his life," Princess Eowyn silently ordered the Blademasters that stood behind her. "The son of the Saintess cannot be killed by Elven hands. I will not be able to face my Master if that were to happen."

The two Blademasters nodded their heads. They were the guardians of the Royal Family, so their orders were absolute. 

"I'll give you a handicap," Elandorr said as he pointed his sword at William's face. "I will not use any magic against you. I will beat you using only my sword technique."

"Okay," William replied. "Are you ready?"

"Do your worst. Half blood," Elandorr sneered.

William smiled as he raised his hand towards the sky. 


Suddenly, a flaming spear descended from the heavens and William caught it in a firm grip.

"Bloom in the battlefield!" William declared as he aimed his spear at the pompous Elf whose face immediately turned grim when he felt the overwhelming power behind the blazing weapon in William's hands.

"Fleur Du Soleil!"

Elandorr roared as he unleashed his Magic Power to activate a magical artifact that the Patriarch of his Clan had given him as a life saving trump card. 

A dome of light appeared in front of the young Elven Commander as he braced for impact. 

One of the two Blademasters protecting Princess Eoywn grabbed her waist and instantly teleported away to protect her from harm.

The other Blademaster summoned his sword and shield. He stayed because he planned to save Elandorr if the latter's defenses were destroyed by William's overbearing attack.

While everyone had prepared themselves for whatever was going to happen next, the flaming spear suddenly stopped and shot up towards the sky.

It was then when a chuckle filled with ridicule and contempt reached Elandorr's ears.

"What were you saying earlier?" William asked in arrogance. "You're going to give me a handicap and not use your magic powers? It hasn't even been half a minute and you already used your magic."

William raised a finger and wagged it side to side. "Do not make promises you can't keep. Have you woken up from your daydream, you pompous little prick?"





Chapter 441

The Elves watching the battle from the forest drew in a deep breath when they saw the attack that William had pulled back at the last second. 

Although they were quite far away, they instinctively felt that they would have also been affected by the powerful attack that the Half-Elf had unleashed, if he hadn't stopped it like he did.

Elandorr calmly dispelled the barrier protecting him and eyed William with a serious expression. His earlier composure could no longer be seen and one could tell that he now took his opponent seriously.

"I see that you can back up your arrogance," Elandorr said as he activated the enchantments on his armor.

"And you can't back up yours," William replied snarkily. "I expected more from the Commander of the Elves, but I guess I was hoping for too much. You ain't worth sh*t."

A second later, the two teenagers clashed. The ground under their feet broke apart and pieces of soil and rocks were launched into the air around them. 

Elandorr unleashes several swift strikes of his sword, which William countered with strikes of his own. Due to the staff's longer reach, Elandorr had no choice but to take a few steps away to distance himself from William's fierce and relentless strikes.

As Elandorr backed away, the tip of his sword skid across the ground, creating magical sparks. He then swung it upwards in an arc, creating a wave of soil and rocks that headed in William's direction. 

< Elemental Lord Job Class Equipped >

William stomped his feet on the ground and thrust his staff forward. The wave of soil and rocks froze in place before blowing up into a thousand pieces. 

Suddenly, these pieces of soil and rock merged together and hardened, transforming into Stone Bullets. With a wave of his staff, these Stone Bullets rained down on Elandorr, leaving no room for him to maneuver.

With a loud shout, the Elven Commander created a Wind Tornado with him at its center. All the Stone Bullets aimed at him were all sucked up and returned to William with twice as much force thanks to the tornado's momentum.

William flicked his arm and a wind funnel appeared in front of him. Just like what Elandorr did, he sucked up all the Stone Bullets, but this time, instead of sending them back, he merged them together. 


"Quick Shot War Art, First Form," William said as his hand made a gesture to imitate a handgun. "Destroy everything in your path…"

"Railgun!"

Due to how fast this attack was, Elandorr had been unable to react right away. If not for the fact that his life saving artifact activated automatically, he would have been impaled by William's Earth Spear, that traveled at the speed of sound. 

A loud explosion took place and the Elven Commander was blown away due to the force of the impact. He received no injury due to the barrier that protected his body, but he was still blown tens of meters away from where he stood, slamming into the trees in the forest before finally coming to a stop.

William summoned Stormcaller and lightning crackled upon its blade tip.

"Lightning God War Art, Thirteenth Form," William roared. "Go for the kill!"

"Gaebolg!"

The lightning spear flew towards the fallen Elven Commander without mercy. William had already decided to kill Elandorr because he could tell that the latter also wanted him dead. Since that was the case, there was no need to show mercy.

The red-headed boy had no compassion for those who deserved to die.

Even though the barrier protected Elandorr, the impact of William's attack had briefly paralyzed his body. The barrier had also disappeared, leaving him exposed to the Half-Elf's killer blow.

The sound of metal clashing against each other reverberated within the forest as Stormcaller's blade tip collided with a shield made from adamantium. The Blademaster that served as Princess Eowyn's Guard had appeared in front of Elandorr to block the strike that was meant to take the Elven Commander's life.

"Hah!" The Blademaster shouted and the shield in his hand glowed brightly. With one powerful push, he repelled Stormcaller's attack, sending it hurtling towards the sky. 

William snorted and raised his hand to recall Stormcaller. He then looked at the fallen Elven Commander in disdain as he rested the handle of his spear on his shoulder.


"Weakling," William said in contempt. "If that's all you can do then you'd better pack up and return to the Silvermoon Continent. Make sure to tell your Patriarch that I, the son of the Hero that saved your race, used your face to wipe the floor."

William twirled the spear in his hand and pointed it at Elandorr's direction. "Feel free to challenge me in a hundred years. Maybe, you will stand a chance by then."

The young Elven Prodigies who saw William's dominating performance felt their hearts tremble. They thought that they were already the strongest teenagers, not only in the Silvermoon Continent, but in the entire world of Hestia as well.

"He really is the son of our hero," a pretty Elf said softly. "He's so strong!"

The Elves near the girl nodded their heads in agreement. Elandorr was hailed as one of the strongest Prodigies in the Elven Race, and William dealt with him in a manner that made him look like a fledgling warrior who was fighting for the first time.

"I'll kill you!" Elandorr shouted as he forced himself to stand. "You filthy Half-Blood!"

Elandorr's face was now distorted with rage due to the embarrassment and humiliation that he suffered from William's words. 

Princess Eowyn almost didn't recognize the young Elven Commander because this was the first time she had seen Elandorr's rage-filled expression. She unconsciously took a step back due to how scary Elandorr's expression was.

"Come and help me turn this scum into ashes!" Elandorr roared as he pointed his finger towards the sky. "Hear my call, Deoldreoss!"

A silver beam of light shot out of his fingertip and formed a Giant Magic Circle in the air. 

Moments later, A ten-meter-long Silver Dragon emerged from the magic circle and gave an intimidating roar.

"Kill him for me! Deoldreoss!" 

The Silver Dragon who was at the apex of the Millennial Rank opened its massive jaw and prepared to fire a Dragon's Breath. Erchitu immediately stepped in front of William and took a defensive stance to protect the Half-Elf.


Deoldreoss was about to unleash its ultimate attack when a cry of a crane sounded from the heavens.

Suddenly, a blue comet slammed into the Dragon's head, making it stagger and preventing it from executing its attack. The blue comet repeatedly attacked the Dragon's head with a vengeance, not giving it any chance to resist.

Soon, the Silver Dragon crashed on the ground, due to a powerful blow that made it unable to stay airborne.

Elandorr glanced at his fallen Beast Companion before shifting his gaze to the one responsible for thwarting his plan on killing this hated Half-Elf.

A white crane flapped its wings in arrogance as it uttered a loud and deafening cry. 

"T-That crane!"

"It's her Excellency!"

"What is she doing here?!"

The Elves gasped in shock when they recognized the majestic Crane in the sky. Everyone in the Silvermoon Continent knew who this crane was because she was the Beast Companion of their one and only Saintess.

She was none other than the Royal Silvermoon Crane that was known to make even Dragons cower in fear.

Skyla glared hatefully at Elandorr who had tried to kill William by summoning a Millennial Beast. Although she was gentle by nature, she was more dangerous than an Elder Dragon when someone tried to hurt the people that were important to her.

Right now, she was looking at the young Elven Commander filled with killing intent.

She didn't care if it was a Human, Dragon, or Elf. Anyone who dared to touch one of her reverse scales had only one fate and that was… Death!





Chapter 442

"Big Sister, Skyla," William said softly as he stared at the White Crane who seemed to be preparing to unleash a strong attack due to anger.

"Krooooo!" Skyla dived towards the ground as she transformed into a blue comet. 

She planned on ending Elandorr's life once and for all without caring about the consequences of her actions. The Blademaster wasn't able to react in time and could only watch helplessly as the enraged White Crane went past him.

"Senior Sister, please stop!" Princess Eowyn stood in front of Elandorr with her arms stretched wide.

Skyla recognized the Princess and immediately turned to the side, avoiding her completely. Even so, the gust of wind that followed behind her attack almost blew the Elven Princess away. Fortunately, the Blademaster, acting as her guardian, held her waist to keep her in place.

The hate-filled cry of the Crane descended upon all the Elves within the forest. Skyla had unleashed her overbearing Beast Aura, which forced the Elves to kneel on the ground. The fallen Dragon had once again regained its bearing and roared back at the White Crane who was hovering in the sky.

Seeing that a mere Silver Dragon dared to roar at her, the White Crane dived down like an arrow to vent out its anger at the Millennial Beast who dared to defy her.

The Silver Dragon didn't back down and flapped its wings to fight the backstabbing Crane who had knocked it out of the sky. Skyla used its swing to slap the dragon's head, making it roar in pain. 

Although her opponent was five times bigger than her, the White Crane fearlessly bombarded it with Wind Blades at point blank range. 

Still, a Silver Dragon at the Peak of the Millennial Rank was no pushover. Earlier, Skyla was able to get the upper hand because she had unleashed a surprise attack.

The White Crane was only at the Middle Stages of the Millennial Rank, and the Silver Dragon was considered one of the High-Tiered Beasts in the Silvermoon Continent. Its scales were very resistant to Magic and Physical attacks. Even so, it was still unable to properly deal with the swift and agile Crane who almost pecked its eye out during one of their collisions.

Perhaps due to luck, or perhaps it had waited for the right moment, the Silver Dragon used its tail to lash at the White Crane that was making its life difficult. The tail squarely hit the side of Skyla's body, sending her crashing towards the ground.


"Big Sister!" William's eyes became bloodshot as he ran towards the White Crane that had been injured because of him.

"Big Sister! Are you fine?" William asked as he held the White Crane's Head.

"Kroooo? Kroooo! Kroooo?!" (Do I look fine? Fool! That bastard dared to harm your Big SIster. Are you just going to watch as that overgrown lizard bully me?!)

William sighed in relief because Skyla seemed to be fine despite receiving a full-powered strike from the Silver Dragon. 

"Wait here, Big Sister," William said as he stood in front of the White Crane that loved him dearly. "I'll cook us some Dragon Meat BBQ for dinner."

The Silver Dragon fired its Dragon Breath towards the Half-Elf and the White Crane that were on the ground. It didn't want to give Skyla another opportunity to challenge him in an aerial battle because what had happened earlier was just a fluke. 

"Sweep away all adversaries," William declared as a golden-metallic staff appeared in his hands. "Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

The golden staff in his hand extended forward to meet the Dragon's Breath. It grew in a matter of seconds. The Dragon Breath was completely nullified by the hundred-meter-thick golden staff.

The Silver Dragon roared in fright as it flapped its wings to distance itself from the staff of unprecedented proportions. 

"Where do you think you're going?" William asked with a sneer as he swatted the Silver Dragon in the air like a pesky bug. 

The Silver Dragon was like a little puppy that wasn't able to prevent itself from being body-slammed by an Elephant. 

When the staff smashed on the ground, half of the forest was decimated. The Elves that were nearby had been blown away by the shockwave that followed the impact. All of them received serious injuries as they collided with the trees in the forest.


"I-Impossible!" Elandorr's body shuddered as he looked at this scene in disbelief. He refused to believe what he was seeing and for a moment, he thought that he was dreaming.

Unfortunately, he was not, so he could only look at the carnage with a pale expression. 

William raised the staff to see what happened to the Silver Dragon that dared to harm Skyla. Surprisingly, the Silver Dragon had only received minor injuries because it had made its scales as hard as adamantium.

The Half-Elf smirked. He didn't expect that he would be able to beat a Millennial Beast with a single strike. However, he didn't intend to give the Silver Dragon a quick death. Once again, he slammed the giant metallic rod on its body.

The Silver Dragon roared in pain with each successive strike William unleashed. The Half-Elf was merely toying with the Silver Dragon, making it suffer before going in for the kill.

"Stop!" The Blademaster that protected Elandorr earlier shouted. "This Duel is over! You already won! If you don't stop your actions, I will be forced to subdue you!"

William glanced at the Blademaster and gave him a devilish grin. 

"You think just because you told me to stop, I will stop?" William asked in a teasing manner. "When you Elves invaded the Zelan Dynasty and the children begged you to stop torturing them, did you stop? Did you show them mercy?"

William sneered as he plucked out a few hairs from his head. He then blew on them as they scattered in the wind.

Soon, a dozen Williams appeared holding the same golden-metallic staff in their hands. William, as well as his clones pointed at their faces as they continued their taunt.

""Does this face look like the face of mercy to you?""

William's current strength in his Heroic Avatar form was equivalent to a Saint. Since that was the case, he didn't need to obey anyone's orders because he was now among those who stood at the peak of the Mortal Realm, thanks to Sun Wukong's overwhelming might.


""Sweep away all adversaries!""

All of William's clones shouted in unison as they somersaulted in the air. They nimbly landed on white clouds as the weapons in their hands extended and grew in size.

""Ruyi Jingu Bang!""

The expression of the Blademaster became grim as he dodged hurriedly to the side. A giant staff slammed against the ground where he stood a while ago, which proved that William wouldn't listen to their demands. 

Soon, sounds of screams filled with fear rang in the forests as the Elves fled in every direction. 

Elandorr decisively activated the teleport scroll in his possession, which would take him back to the capital. He knew that staying would be pointless, so he decided to escape while he could. 

The Blademaster that guarded Princess Eowyn did the same as he grabbed hold of the Princess.

After making sure that the Princess was safe, the Blademaster that confronted William earlier also used his teleport scroll to leave.

William's clones snorted as they watched the beams of lights streak towards the sky. They ignored these four people, and shifted their attention to the Elves that were lying on the ground. 

The Half-Elf's purpose for luring the Elves into the territory of the Minotaur Race was to conduct a massacre. His only regret was that he was not able to kill Elandorr because the latter didn't hesitate to leave his subordinates behind.

Naturally, William had no intention of hurting Princess Eowyn, so he allowed her to escape back to the capital.

"Well, it's fine," William glanced at the ground where several injured Elves lay helplessly. "Kill them all!"


The clones swatted the fallen Elves without batting an eye. Screams asking for forgiveness and mercy reached William's ears but he turned a deaf ear to it. 

This was war.

"Wars don't prove who's right or wrong," William said as he decisively slammed Ruyi Jingu Bang against the head of the Silver Dragon that was on its last legs. "It only shows who's left."




Chapter 443

Sounds of weapons clashing echoed inside the wide cavern as Elves, Humans, Goblins, Beasts, and members of the Minotaur Race, fought with wild abandon.

The teleportation gates of the Elves were built deep under the ground, protected by several layers of enchantment. These enchantments should have been enough to prevent the Freedom Fighters from barging in.

However, these solid defenses broke apart in the face of…

"I'm Rolling!"

Kasogonaga slammed against the Elven Barrier and broke it instantly. Its rainbow-colored scales were not only incredibly hard and sturdy, they were also capable of destroying barriers with ease.

Aside from being called the Rolling Calamity, it was also known by another title, which was none other than Shield Breaker.

The two-meter-tall rainbow-colored wrecking ball slammed against the Elven Defenders without any intention of backing down. Its hatred of the Elves had superseded every other emotion it had as it killed, killed, and killed more!

Due to the Millennial Ants it had eaten and the Magical Energy it had absorbed within the Magic Crystal Cavern, Kasogonaga had managed to reach the Centennial Rank. it was now a force to be reckoned with and its hate fueled its power even further.

"Wow, scary," Psoglav commented as he pierced the body of an Elf girl with its bastard sword made from Dark Energy. After the Elf breathed her last, the Demonic Dog sneakily tossed her corpse inside the special ring in its possession.

It had promised William that it wouldn't eat Humans. But, Psoglav didn't say anything about not eating Elves, especially dead Elves that it had slain with its own hands. 

The heated battle continued for an hour before the Alliance breached the Elves' final line of defense. Hundreds of dead bodies laid on the cavern floor. There was a mix of Humans, Goblins, Beasts, and Elves. 

Paul panted as he stared at the gate that was nearing completion in the distance.

"You've done well in reaching this far," one of the Archmages said as his hands glowed with power. "But this is where your journey ends."


Two Blademasters, two Archmages, and hundreds of Elves stood to protect the gate that would connect them to their homeland. 

The other two Blademasters and Archmages had been left in the Zelan Capital to oversee its protection. They didn't expect that a bunch of ragtag misfits would dare to intrude upon the place where they decided to build their teleportation gate.

"Really?" Jekyll inquired with a mischievous smile plastered on his face. "You think the four of you are enough to stop us?"

"More than enough," one of the Blademasters snorted as he unsheathed his blade. "As for you, we will deal with you as well, traitorous b*tch!"

Celine covered her lips and chuckled. She ignored the Blademaster who cursed at her and eyed the gate with great interest.

"We should have killed you when you were still a child," one of the Archmages spat on the ground. "Filth of the Elven Race."

The two Blademasters unleashed their Sword Auras, which pushed back the teenagers who were standing behind Jekyll and Celine. Psoglav, who bullied the weak and feared the strong, stood behind the children and watched from afar. 

Kasogonaga, who was at the forefront of the Alliance, narrowed its eyes as it prepared to strike. 

"Paul, take the others and guard the entrance of the cave," Jekyll ordered. "We will handle the rest."

"Understood," Paul replied. He knew that he and the other Freedom Fighters would only be a burden in a battle of this magnitude. The only way they could help Jekyll and Celine was to stay far away, so that they wouldn't be caught in any friendly fire.

In the end, only Jekyll, Celine, and Kasogonaga remained to face off against the strong Elven Force that was stationed to protect the teleportation gate.

"I'll handle the two Blademasters," Jekyll said. "Can you handle the Archmages?"

"Naturally," Celine replied. "Kasogonaga, I'll leave the small fries to you."


"Very well." The Rainbow-Colored Anteater stomped its foot on the ground as it transformed into a two-meter tall wrecking ball. "Ready when you are."

Jekyll laughed as he transformed into his true form. A giant beast that stood ten-meters tall roared as it opened its massive mouth. 

"It's you!" one of the Archmages yelled in anger. "You're that hateful Human's Beast Companion!"

Dark Energy enveloped Celine's body and transformed her clothing into a black latex armor that highlighted the curves of her body. If this was any other time, the young Elves might have stopped to admire her beauty. However, knowing who Celine was, made them look at her in a hateful manner.

Celine didn't care what they thought, because she didn't care about the opinions of the soon-to-be-dead Elves that looked at her in disgust.

She summoned a Deathscythe and twirled it around before taking a fighting stance. It was not only Kasogonaga who hated the Elves. Celine hated them too, which was why she joined Deus in the first place.

He wanted The Organization to help her massacre the hateful Elves who made her life a living hell.

Meanwhile inside the Palace of the Zelan Dynasty…

< … Darling is amazing >

Morgana muttered as she watched the vision that Empress Sidonie had shared with her. She watched as William pounded the Silver Dragon repeatedly, leaving only a strand of life in its body.

Empress Sidonie, on the other hand, observed the capabilities of William's clones with a serious expression. As a military strategist, she needed to get as much information as possible about the important people that could tilt the scales of the war in any direction.

Originally, she thought that William was strong. Her guess was that the boy she loved was in the middle stages of the Platinum Rank, which was already considered a True Prodigy, even among the empires within the Central Continent.

However, the fighting prowess that she had witnessed had surpassed her initial estimate. 


"A Saint," Empress Sidonie muttered softly. 

She then narrowed her eyes as she appraised every move that William made. 

'This might be some kind of ability that can only be used for a short period of time. Also, I believe that Sir William has just recently gained this ability,' Sidonie thought. 'If he had this before the Demon Invasion, he wouldn't have suffered from a coma.'

Empress Sidonie was a rational individual. There were several artifacts that could boost a person's strength drastically for a short period of time. These were abilities that were only used as a Last Resort due to the extreme penalties that they had.

< Well, I believe that you are right in your hunch. >

Morgana chimed in because she could also read Sidonie's thoughts. 

< But, that doesn't change the fact that the difficulty of conquering Darling will have to be raised due to this Heaven Defying ability of his. I mean, if he used that golden metallic-rod against us then the Ant Queen would have been dead by now, right? >

Empress Sidonie agreed with her other half's conjecture. Somehow, she felt slightly irritated because William's abilities seemed to perfectly counter her own.

The Half-Elf was immune to her Charm.

William also had Kasogonaga, that rainbow-colored Anteater that could send all of the Warrior Ants running away in fear.

Lastly, this new ability of his gave her a headache. It was so domineering, that she felt her heart beat wildly inside her chest. Her desire to beat the boy she loved ignited the Power of Lust that laid dormant within her body. 

'One step at a time,' Empress Sidonie mused as she shifted her attention to the battle that was currently happening on the other side of the Zelan Dynasty.

'A war cannot be won by a single individual.' Empress Sidonie was well aware that no matter how strong William was, he was not invincible. 


The corner of her lips curled up as she observed the intense battle that was being waged at the location of the Elven Teleportation Gate. Just like watching a movie, Empress Sidonie wanted to see whether this attack against the Elves would have a good or bad ending.

Her finger lightly tapped the armchair of her throne as millions of chirping sounds reached her ears. These were the replies of her million strong army that she could command anytime, anywhere.

They waited, ever patiently, for the time that they would make their presence known, and trample those who dared to stand in their way under their feet.




Chapter 444

Jekyll roared and opened its mouth wide. Right now, he was in his true form. A Chimaera that looked like a Half-Dragon and Half-Lion with green scales covering its entire body. He was a Taotie. One of the Four Evils that had made the Southern Continent his home. 

The Blademasters immediately unleashed their Sword Aura to keep their footing firm on the ground. One of the Archmages cast Entangling Roots on their own forces to prevent them from being sucked up by the Taotie's vacuum that was similar to a blackhole that would devour anything.

This was not the first time they had seen Jekyll's true form, because they were also there when the Human Hero repelled the Demons, while standing on top of this very same beast. 

The remaining Archmage wasn't idle either. He threw a Golden Crystal at the Teleportation Gate. There was no way that they could fight against a Beast that was as powerful as Jekyll so they decided to activate the gate prematurely to call for help.

A Giant Golden Portal appeared at the center of the gate, which signaled that it was currently active. 

Jekyll unleashed a breath of black flames at the Teleportation Gate to destroy it once and for all. He saw what the Archmage did and decided to just destroy the gate first, before dealing with the Elven Defenders.

"Not on my watch!" The Archmage who casted the Entangling Roots Earlier activated the runes surrounding the teleportation gate and created a barrier. 

The underground cavern shook as Jekyll's flames collided with the barrier protecting the gate. 

Celine stabbed the blunt end of her Deathscythe into the ground and created a Dark Sphere to protect herself from the aftermath of Jekyll's strong attack.

"I'm Rolling!"

Kasogonaga disregarded the black flames and charged towards the barrier. It planned to destroy it, so that Jekyll's flames could annihilate the hateful Elves whom it wanted to kill so badly.

A cracking sound echoed within the cavern as several cracks formed in the defensive barrier after Kasogonaga's attack. The Rainbow-Colored Anteater pressed on with determination. 

"Die!"

With a hateful shout, the barrier broke apart and Jekyll's Black Flames advanced towards the Elves whose faces had turned pale.

Suddenly, a resounding clap reverberated from within the Teleportation Gate. Several massive lightning bolts erupted from the center of the gate, negating Jekyll's black flames, and pushing back Kasogonaga at the same time.


"We meet again, you damned Taotie," an arrogant voice said. "It's time to settle our differences once and for all!"

A beautiful creature emerged from the Giant Golden Portal and landed in front of the Elves. Lightning snaked along his silver body as he glared hatefully at the Taotie in front of him.

He had a long single horn protruding from his head that glowed brightly within the Cavern. He was a creature of Myth and Legends. He was none other than a Qilin. A Half Unicorn, Half Dragon Beast that was hailed as one of the protectors of the Silvermoon Continent.

He was only five-meters tall and yet, he gave off a presence that wouldn't lose to Jekyll. 

"Your Excellency, Eneru, thank you for hearing our call!" the Archmage that threw the golden crystal at the Gate bowed respectfully.

The Qilin gave the Elf a side-long glance before returning his attention to the Taotie. 

"Ah, the most Hypocritical Being among the Myriad Beasts of the Silvermoon Continent has arrived," Jekyll sneered. "I regret not eating you back then."

"That was your mistake," Eneru replied. "You will no longer have that opportunity."

"We'll see about that, you little Lightning Horse."

"Shut up, you disgusting Abomination."

Jekyll and the Eneru charged at each other, making the ground tremble. 

The Qilin had covered itself with the power of lightning, turning himself into a lightning bolt. Jekyll, on the other hand, unleashed the Evil Energy within his body and turned into a dark ray of light. 

Light and Dark collided causing sparks of deadly elements to rain down on the spectators around them.

Kasogonaga took this opportunity to attack the Elves. It was only pushed back by the lightning bolt earlier and received no damage from the Qilin's attack. The two Blademasters immediately repelled it because the Anteater targeted the teenage Elves who didn't have the strength to resist its attack.

"Dark Pestilence!" Celine shouted and hundreds of Blood Bats materialized in front of her. These bats shrieked in unison before descending upon the congregation of Elves that was protecting the Teleportation gate.


"Ahhh!"

"Noooo! Get away!"

"Don't come near me!"

The Young Elves tried their best to attack the Blood Bats, but they were too fast, and too agile to hit. These bats mercilessly bit their targets, drawing blood from their bodies. Immediately, those bitten by them suffered several status ailments like blindness, paralysis, lethargy, berserk, and confusion.

"Don't panic! They are just made up of Dark Energy. Use your Wind Magic to repel them!"

The two Archamages worked in unison to use a powerful gust of wind to repel the Blood Bats, but Celine had already anticipated this reaction. 

She then snapped her fingers and stared at the Elves in disdain.

"Detonate!" 

The hundreds of bats detonated at the same time, showering the Elves with a blood rain that was highly acidic. Screams of pain resounded within the cavern as wisps of smoke rose up from the bodies of the Elves that were hit by Celine's attacks that were filled with anger and hate.

"You traitorous bitch!" one of the Archmage roared in anger as he summoned a giant fireball to turn Celine into ashes. 

Celine merely chuckled as she disappeared from where she stood. The fireball missed its target and exploded, making the inside of the cavern tremble.

Pieces of rock and soil started to rain down on the heads of the Elven Defenders as Jekyll and the Qilin wrestled with one another. That and the fact that the Elves had no choice but to fight inside the cavern made things worse.

Soon, the cavern showed signs of collapse as more rocks and dirt started falling from above.

"This was your plan all along!" Eneru finally realized that Jekyll was purposely hitting the areas around the cavern to cause a cave-in, in order to bury the Teleportation Gate as well as the Elves defending it. 

Celine was helping with the same as she allowed the Elves to cast powerful spells at her, and dodging at the last minute. 


When Kasogonaga also realized that this was a good plan, it began slamming itself against the cavern walls to help speed up its collapse.

"Bastards!" Eneru gave Jekyll a powerful kick, sending him several meters away from the Teleportation Gate. 

He didn't dare to unleash a strong attack because it might trigger the cave's collapse. The Golden Portal of the Elves glowed once more and a two-meter Earth Golem jumped out of it.

"That was one difficult journey," the Earth Golem muttered as it glanced at Jekyll. 

'Sh*t!' Jekyll cursed internally because an Ancient Earth Golem had appeared to assist the Elves. 

He recognized the small Earth Golem because it was one of the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent that he didn't want to face the most. He would rather fight a dozen Qilins than face this single Earth Golem that was known for its cheat-like ability.

Jekyll's tail lashed at the Qilin and sent him flying towards the Teleportation Gate. He then opened his mouth to suck up Celine and Kasogonaga, who were still attacking the cavern, unaware of the current peril that they were facing.

The two were immediately sucked up inside Jekyll's mouth and the latter ran away without looking back.

'What's wrong?' Celine inquired.

'Why did you stop us?' Kasogonaga chimed in to ask a question.

Jekyll's stomach was like a special domain where he could choose to store anything he swallowed. Currently, he placed Celine, and Kasogonaga in a safe place that allowed them to communicate with him.

'Drauum arrived,' Jekyll replied as he ran through the passage leading to the cavern's exit. He needed to save the members of William's Legion as well as the Freedom Fighters who accompanied them to destroy the Teleportation Gate.

Celine's face immediately went pale when she heard Jekyll's words. Among the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent, Drauum was considered a Pseudo-Demigod. It was so strong that many grudgingly acknowledged that it was something that they wouldn't want to face in battle.

Jekyll was one of them, so the moment he saw Drauum, he immediately chose to flee rather than stay and fight against the Ancient Golem.

The Alliance had already considered the possibility of the gate being able to bring forth reinforcements from the Silvermoon Continent in its incomplete state. However, none of them expected that it would be able to summon a Myriad Beast, and a Pseudo-Demigod at the same time.


'This mission is a failure,' Celine muttered in helplessness. 

Now that she was fully aware of their current situation, she felt thankful for Jekyll's quick-wittedness. Perhaps, if they had stayed inside the cavern for a minute longer, all of them would now be buried deep within the Earth, unable to free themselves from a rocky prison.




Chapter 445

"What's with all the shaking?" Wendy asked as she sat on top of Thor.

They were guarding the entrance of the cavern and their role was to stop any reinforcements coming from the outside. 

Est, Isaac, Dave, Conrad, Crown Prince Alaric, Princess Aila, and Sharx--the Goblin Marauder--were also keeping watch outside the Cavern. 

They had already repelled several groups of Elven reinforcements who had been notified that a small army composed of Humans and Beasts had launched a surprise attack on their Teleportation Gate.

The tremors intensified and all of them had to grab onto something to steady themselves from the constant shaking.

Suddenly, the tremors grew stronger as they heard something like a giant running at them from behind.

A Draconic Lion's head appeared behind them, but before any of the teenagers could even react, all of them were being sucked up into its wide and gaping jaw.

Jekyll had no time to explain things, so he dumped all of them in the same space where Celine and Kasogonaga were being held. As soon as he arrived at the surface, he immediately unfurled his wings and soared towards the skies.

A few seconds later, a loud shout came from the cave entrance as a giant lightning bolt flew after Jekyll. 

"You're not getting away, Jekyll!" Eneru roared in anger.

Jekyll knew that he couldn't outfly his pursuer because the Qilin was among the fastest beasts in the world. 

"Scram!" Jekyll roared as he slashed at the incoming lightning bolt with his claws. A powerful collision ensued in the heavens as both beasts were pushed several meters away from each other.

Suddenly, a giant boulder the size of a hill was hurled in Jekyll's direction. The timing of the attack was so precise that Jekyll was unable to evade it in time. Blood seeped out of the corner of Jekyll's lips as the hill-sized boulder collided with the side of his face.

'Dirty bastard!' Jekyll cursed internally as he allowed his body to fly away using the rock's momentum. 

The sky suddenly turned dark as Eneru summoned a massive lightning storm. Jekyll was bombarded by giant lightning bolts left and right as he flew towards the West. 

Like all Demonic Creatures, lightning was Jekyll's weakness. However, he was strong enough to endure them because of his superior rank. Still, being constantly bombarded by massive lightning bolts was doing a number on him. That and Drauum, who was an Ancient Earth Golem, followed him on the ground like a carriage that had been given wind sails. 

Jekyll knew that the moment he landed on the ground, the Ancient Earth Golem would make his life extremely difficult, so he gritted his teeth and endured the beating as he flew West. 

The Qilin had no intention of letting Jekyll escape, so he repeatedly harassed him with long range attacks. He knew that he was a level weaker than the Taotie so he just focused on hurling lightning bolts at him as he made his escape.

"Die!" Eneru shouted as the single horn on his head glowed brightly, like a small sun. He then fired a lightning bolt that was big enough to swallow the retreating Taotie.


Jekyll's scales glowed faintly as he increased his resistance against magical attacks. He knew that he needed to endure this attack no matter what, so he braced himself for the impact.

A loud clap of thunder reverberated as a bright flash illuminated the heavens. It was so bright that Princess Eowyn, who had arrived at the Zelan Palace not long ago, saw it in the distance.

The Qilin's eyes glowed in power as he looked in the direction of the Taotie whom he had forced into a corner.

Drauum crossed its arm over its chest as it looked up into the sky. Its ancient eyes waited patiently for the light to recede to see the outcome of its' comrade's full powered strike.

Lightning snaked in the sky and thunder roared in the heavens. Soon, Jekyll's figure once again reappeared in their sights. However, he was no longer alone.

*Burp*

William wasn't able to stop himself from burping after getting hit by the overwhelming lightning attack that was unleashed by a Myriad Beast. 

< Gained Exp Points: 225,000 >

< Prince of Thunder Job Class has gained a level! >

< Prince of Thunder Level 25 >

"Thank you for the experience points," William said as he stood on top of a cloud. He then looked at the Qilin with a devilish smile as tendrils of lightning snaked across his body. "Can you do that one more time? It's quite addicting!"

Eneru suddenly felt an overbearing presence that made his body unconsciously shudder. He looked at the red-headed boy in disbelief because he could feel his power was being suppressed by an ancient force that had existed alongside his race's creation.

It took the Qilin half a minute to realize the reason why his power was being suppressed. 

"You! Are you his protege?!" Eneru asked in disbelief. 

William activated his appraisal skill and looked at the beast in front of him.

< Eneru >

-- Qilin

-- Mythical Creature

-- Herald of Storms


-- Threat Level: SSR

-- Myriad Beast

-- Can be added to the herd

-- Success Rate: 00000001%

-- A Mythical Creature known for its noble lineage and incredible power.

-- It wields the power of lightning and can easily conjure lightning storms when provoked.

-- This Spirit Beast hates Demonic Creatures and will immediately move in for the kill at the mere sight of them. 

-- It is also one of the few beasts that had rebelled against the God of Shepherds and defied his orders. Because of this, the God of Shepherds gave them a bloodline curse where their power would be suppressed by those whom he chose as his Disciples. 

"I see, so you are a rebel," William narrowed his eyes as he looked at the Draconic Unicorn in front of him. 

It was at that moment when a giant boulder flew towards William's direction. The Half-Elf, casually waved Ruyi Jingu Bang and smashed the boulder to pieces. 

"And you are?" William glanced at the Earth Golem on the ground and once again used his appraisal skill.

< Drauum >

-- Ancient Golem

-- Guardian of the Silvermoon Continent

-- One who survived the Era of the Gods

-- Threat Level: SSR+

-- Pseudo-Demigod

-- Cannot be added to the herd

"Oh? A Pseudo-Demigod?" William rubbed his chin with interest. "Might as well give it a try."


William thrust the golden metallic rod in his hand towards the ground.

"Break all the walls that stand before me!"

"Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

The golden staff extended and increased its size. Its width was over fifty meters as it descended towards the ground, with the intention of crushing the golem into pieces.

"Ignorant child," Drauum said softly as it stomped its foot on the ground. 

A stone pillar that had the same size as William's golden staff jutted out of the ground and met it head-on.

The two attacks collided and William was surprised because the Earth Pillar managed to block his weapon effectively and cancel the force behind it. 

"It's no use, Will," Jekyll said as he flew near the boy. "As long as Drauum stands on the ground, it can borrow the power of the land to defend against any attacks. Only the attack of a Demigod would be able to break through its defenses.

William nodded. The purpose of his attack was to gauge how strong the Golem was. Also, his Heroic Avatar was nearing its limit, so he couldn't possibly engage it in battle. 

William channeled the remaining power of the Monkey King in his staff as he prepared a powerful attack.

"Quick Shot War Art Fourth Form."

"Grand Bazooka!"

The tip of the golden staff, that was currently being suppressed by the Earth Pillar, emitted a burst of light.

Drauum's eyes widened as it immediately merged with the land and buried itself deep in the ground.

Not long after, a powerful explosion took place, making the surroundings tremble. 

The Earth Pillar collapsed entirely as the power of William's attack made its way to the ground, creating a giant mushroom of light. 

Eneru was forced to retreat due to the blazing flames that scorched the land, and reached into the sky at the same time. 

He looked in disbelief at the two-mile-wide circular devastation from the sky. When he regained his senses and glanced in the direction of the boy and the Taotie, both of them were gone.

William made the attack flashy in order to fool the two powerful beings as he and Jekyll made their escape back to the boundaries of the Hellan Kingdom. 





Chapter 446

While the two Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent were busy pursuing Jekyll, the Elven Defenders were finally able to breathe a sigh of relief. The healers tended to the wounded and those that had suffered from Celine's Dark Magic, while the rest used Earth Magic to stabilize their surroundings.

The Cavern had received serious damage and they didn't want it to collapse any time soon.

One Blademaster and One Archmage left the defenders to check on what was happening above ground, leaving the rest to defend their teleportation gate.

Five minutes later, one of the injured Elves glanced around her surroundings because her sensitive hearing had caught something.

"What's wrong?" the Elven Cleric tending her asked because he noticed that something was amiss.

"Can you hear it?" the injured Elf inquired because the sound that she heard a while ago was getting stronger. "I hear some kind of chirping sounds."

Some of the Elves who overheard their conversation quieted down and listened to their surroundings. Soon, their eyes all moved in a certain direction and that place was…

The ground under their feet suddenly shifted and a wide mandible jutted out of the ground.

Cries of alarm echoed within the cavern walls as several Warrior Ants emerged from the ground right under the Elven Defenders.

Four Giant Golden Ants of the Millennial Rank rampaged and headed towards the Teleportation Gate. Riding behind them were three Sword Saints and one Archmage. 

"The Kraetor Empire!" The Elven Archmage cast a defensive spell to protect himself, but he was a second too late. 

His head slid to the side as a transparent blade took his life in less than a second. 

The Elven Blademaster knew that he couldn't possibly handle the attacks of three Sword Saints at once, so he immediately used the teleportation scroll in his possession. 


Seeing that their only opponent had decided to flee, the Sword Saints of the Kraetor Empire ignored the young Elves and immediately attacked the Teleport Gate. The gate was instantly demolished due to their powerful attacks.

The Sword Saints didn't take any chances and used a storage ring to take all of the broken pieces for safe keeping. When all the destroyed pieces were gathered, they turned their attention to the young Elves who were currently being thrashed by the Warrior Ants that completely outnumbered them.

The Sword Saints exchanged glances with each other before nodding at the same time. They then moved in to knock as many of the young Elves unconscious as fast as they could.

It didn't even take five minutes before all the Elves had been subdued and the Warriors Ants carried them down into the tunnel that they had created beforehand. 

They made a hasty retreat because they knew that the Qilin and the Earth Golem could return at any moment. 

Fortunately, Jekyll had lured them far enough away from the location of the Teleport Gate that neither Guardian Beast had any idea that someone had delivered the Coup De Grace, while they were busy pursuing the Taotie.

Empress Sidonie nodded in satisfaction when she saw that the operation had been a complete success. William was not the only one who was worried about the Elven Reinforcements that would come to aid their vanguards in the Southern Continent.

The Officers of the Kraetor Empire had held several meetings on how to effectively deal with the Teleportation Gates that the Elves were constructing.

Due to the Ant Queen's countless eyes observing the Zelan Dynasty, Sidonie was able to come up with a daring plan that would catch the Elves by surprise. 

She had ordered the ants to start making a tunnel that extended from the border of the Anaesha Dynasty up to the Northern Regions of the Zelan Dynasty, where their Teleportation Gate was being constructed.

She already knew how many defenders were protecting the gate, so she prepared an army that numbered in the hundreds of thousands. It was supposed to be a blitzkrieg operation that would focus more on destroying the gate, using the Ants as cannon fodders.

The Three Saints and One Archmage were there to ensure that things would proceed according to plan. Empress Sidonie knew that no matter how strong the Ants were, a Human's mind was more complex and capable of making quick decisions at a moment's notice.

"Congratulations, Your Majesty," Prince Jason said with a smile. "With this, the Elves will not be able to create a force that can threaten us."


The Prince was standing several meters away from Empress Sidonie because he was afraid that he would not be able to resist her charm, even if he was wearing a set of charm resistant artifacts. 

"It is too early to celebrate," Empress Sidonie replied. "The Qilin and Ancient Golem are not pushovers. If my hunch is correct, these two Beasts will launch an attack on our own Teleportation Gate to even out the playing field."

Prince Jason smiled as he eyed the beautiful Empress. "That may be true, but I'm sure that Her Majesty had already thought of a plan to counter them, yes?"

"I alone will not be able to defeat those two powerful Beasts, especially the Ancient Golem that is close to being a Demigod," Empress Sidonie smiled. "Fortunately, the Kraetor Empire has their own Guardian Beasts that could match them in battle. If they are not here then the Elves will still be able to conquer the Southern Continent with the aid of their two powerful protectors."

Prince Jason nodded. Just like the Elves, their Empire had already made enough preparations. They were not afraid of the Ancient Golem because they, too, had their own Guardian Beast that was just as strong as Drauum.

"What do you think they will do next?" Jason inquired. "Will they continue their plan to conquer more lands after this incident?"

Empress Sidonie giggled and it made the hearts of those present in the throne room skip a beat. Prince Jason was one of them and he silently cursed himself for not being strong enough to resist her allure.

"With the current situation, the Elves are clearly at a disadvantage," Empress Sidonie said as she leaned her back on the throne. "They have two options. One is to attack us, and the other is to send an ambassador to negotiate."

Empress Sidonie smiled before continuing her explanation. "If they decide to attack us then they would just be cornering themselves. They can't afford to resist the combined attack of the Kraetor Empire, as well as the forces of the Hellan Kingdom. I'm sure they will do their best to negotiate a compromise, even if they had to pay us a heavy compensation."

Prince Jason crossed his arms over his chest because he agreed with Sidonie's reasoning. An Elven attack would lead to the Elves' downfall, so they wouldn't choose that option no matter what. His only concern was due to the fact that the beautiful Empress seemed to have no wish to unite the Southern Lands under her banner.

"Your Majesty, can you please tell me what you plan to do?"

"Me? I want to play it Big."

"What do you mean, Your Majesty?" Jason inquired.


Empress Sidonie rested the side of her face on her palm as she eyed the handsome Prince from the Kraetor Empire.

"One month," Empress Sidonie said softly. "If the Elves don't initiate talks with us after one month… we will move in to invade them."

Prince Jason frowned. Their own Teleport Gate would be completed in two weeks and once that happened, the mighty army of the Kraetor Empire would step foot on foreign lands. 

If Empress Sidonie willed it, this army would march forth and conquer the entire Southern Continent unimpeded. 

Since that was not the case, Prince Jason couldn't find a reason as to why they should sit down and listen to the compromise of the Elves.

If he had the final say, he would immediately declare war and launch an all out attack on the capital of the Zelan Dynasty, before dealing with the Hellan Kingdom, who was currently the weakest faction among the three.

"Your Majesty, what is your goal?" Prince Jason inquired. He no longer asked what Sidonie's plan was, but her goal instead. 

< Hehe. You can ask as much as you want, but you're not getting an answer oh~ >

Morgana teased the handsome prince from within Empress Sidonie's Sea of Consciousness. She knew that Prince Jason would definitely lose his marbles if he discovered what her other half wanted the most.

Empress Sidonie chuckled internally as she met Prince Jason's inquiring gaze. 

"I will only say it once, so you'd better listen carefully," Empress Sidonie said in a firm manner. "What I want is Absolute Conquest. A move to conquer everything, including the body, heart, and soul. Nothing more, nothing less."

Morgana laughed because she had already anticipated this answer from Sidonie. She even praised her other half for her ingenuity in the choice of her words.

Prince Jason sighed in his heart because if what Sidonie wanted was Absolute Conquest then it matched the Kraetor Empire's interest. If he only knew that what the beautiful Empress wanted to conquer were not the lands of the Southern Continent, but the heart of a narcissistic Half-Elf then the handsome Prince would definitely do everything in his power to erase William from the face of the Earth.





Chapter 447

"I never thought that your true form would be this awesome," William said as he sat on top of the Taotie that was flying towards the borders of the Hellan Kingdom.

Jekyll increased his speed because he wasn't sure if the Qilin and Ancient Earth Golem would still pursue them after William's destructive attack. 

"And I never thought that you'd have this kind of trump card hidden in your sleeve," Jekyll replied. "I'm guessing that you can't use this ability as you please, right? There has to be some kind of restriction."

Jekyll was quite thankful that William appeared when he did. He wasn't sure that he would have been able to escape from the Qilin and the Ancient Golem's combination attack if Wiliam hadn't come to his rescue.

"By the way, how were you able to arrive at my location that quickly?" Shouldn't you be in the far South?"

"If I told you that I could travel at the speed of lightning, would you believe me?"

"I have no choice but to believe you at this point. But, how were you able to pinpoint my exact location?" Jekyll inquired. 

William scratched his cheeks because he actually didn't know that Jekyll was in danger. He just felt that there was a powerful lightning storm somewhere in the Zelan Dynasty and he immediately went there to bathe in lightning bolts to increase his rank.

There are many ways to level up the different Job Classes. For example, his Sun Knight required him to bathe in the sunlight to increase its level. Even if William killed a million monsters, the Sun Knight Job Class wouldn't gain any experience points from it.

The Prince of Thunder gained experience points from killing monsters. However, the most efficient way to raise its rank was to absorb the power of a lightning storm. 


Although William could travel at the speed of lightning, he could only do this twice a day. It was one of the cheat-like abilities that was available in his Prince of Thunder Job Class.

"I felt a very powerful lightning storm coming from the North, so I decided to investigate," William replied after careful consideration. "Since the weather of the Southern Continent is fixed to this gloomy, and cloudy state, such sudden changes meant that something abnormal was happening."

Jekyll nodded his head. Although WIlliam's explanation had holes in it, he decided not to pry because everyone was entitled to their own secrets.

"Did you manage to destroy the Teleportation Gate?" William asked.

Jekyll sighed. "No. If it was only that stuck-up Eneru then I could have dealt with him, but that Ancient Golem, Drauum, was a heavyweight that I couldn't handle in such a closed off space."

William also sighed internally because their main objective wasn't met. They purposely allowed themselves to be seen when they entered the borders of the Zelan Dynasty. They headed South to trick the Elves into thinking that they were heading to the Sanctuary of the Minotaur Race.

Halfway in their journey, William and Erchitu continued South while Jekyll, and the others headed North, using the hidden teleportation gates that only the members of the Royal Family of the Zelan Dynasty were aware of.

Crown Prince Alaric had led the Alliance towards the Northern Regions with stealth, so they wouldn't alert any of the Elves that were scattered to the several outposts in the Zelan Dynasty. Their plan had been flawless, but unfortunately, some unforeseen events transpired.

William was about to say something else when he received a message from Ezio through their special means of communication. 

The Half-Elf had a complicated look on his face as he shared this piece of news with Jekyll.


"The Teleportation Gate has been destroyed," William said. "The Ant Warriors and several Saints from the Kraetor Empire dug a tunnel underground and attacked when the two Guardian Beasts were busy pursuing you."

"Oh?" Jekyll couldn't hide the surprise in its tone after hearing William's report. A few moments later, he chuckled wryly because he realized that they had unknowingly played the role of bait and cannon fodder that led to the Kraetor Army's Coup de Grace.

"This leaves a bad aftertaste."

"Look at the bright side. At least, we no longer have to worry about the Teleportation Gate."

Jekyll grunted when he heard William's optimistic reply. The Taotie had no choice but to agree that although their mission was a failure, their main objective had been achieved at the same time.

"So, what happened to your mission?" Jekyll inquired. "Did you manage to eliminate any of their high-ranking officers?"

William shook his head. "Just some small fries. The big fish got away, but I managed to kill more than a thousand Elves."

In truth, William would have liked to kill all the Elves that had accompanied Elandorr to the domain of the Minotaurs, but Skyla stopped him from wiping them out completely. 

Skyla was still his mother's Beast Companion, so she couldn't stand by and watch William massacre all the Elves in front of her. Because of this, William compromised and spared those that had surrendered to him. 

He knocked all of them unconscious and tossed them at the newly bought Prison from the Godshop that he had placed on the Thirty Sixth Floor of the Goblin Crypt. 


William had closed off the entire floor, so even if the Elves escaped, they wouldn't be able to leave without his permission.

Surprisingly, he found one Human boy amongst them and placed him in a separate cell. He had no time to interrogate the boy earlier because he had felt the disturbance in the weather that was happening in the North of the Zelan Dynasty. 

William had already used his Appraisal Skill on the boy and learned his name. He knew who he was because Prince Alaric and Paul had told him the name of the Top Prodigy of their Dynasty.

The Half-Elf had also discovered the slave collar on the teenager's neck. Because of this, he decided not to take any chances and imprisoned him for the time being.

'I'll just wait until we have crossed the borders of the Hellan Kingdom,' William thought. 

The red-headed boy suddenly remembered the beautiful Princess of the Kingdom of Freesia. They had not communicated with each other ever since she left the Kyrintor Mountains. William didn't know if their alliance still stood because they seemed to have parted on bad terms with each other.

Even so, he was quite thankful that the Princess, who had asked him for his babies, had made her move during the critical moment. If not for her, the threat of the Elves would still remain like a sharp blade hanging over all of their necks that could fall off at any given moment.

'I will thank her personally later,' William thought. 'For now, I still need to deal with the aftermath of this operation.'

Jekyll had already told William that their side had suffered several casualties during the clash with the Elves. William was also thankful that Jekyll had acted the way he did in order to save everyone's lives.

If not for Jekyll's decisive action, William might have lost more than some of the members of his Legion. He could have lost people that held great importance in his life. 





Chapter 448

Elandorr slammed his fist on the table inside his personal office after hearing the report of his subordinates that were stationed in the Northern Regions. 

"Filthy Humans!" Elandorr roared in anger. 

The messenger that had delivered the letter trembled in fright because this was the first time he had seen their Commander act in this manner. 

Of course, the messenger understood that Elandorr's reaction was quite normal because their Teleportation Gate had been destroyed and the Cavern had completely collapsed. He thought that their Commander was only acting like this because he grieved the loss of their Archamge and thousands of young Elven Elites. 

What the messenger didn't know was that Elandorr was still seething from his shameful defeat in the Southern Regions and was currently venting out his frustration and irritation. Still, as the Commander of the Elves, Elandorr reigned in his emotions as he took deep breaths to calm himself.

"Commander, Lord Eneru and Lord Drauum are still in the Northern Regions," the messenger reported. "They are asking you to report to them before the sun sets. They have important matters to discuss."

Elandorr nodded his head in acknowledgement. He might be the Commander of the Elves on this expedition, but he was nothing compared to the two Guardian Beasts that protected the Silvermoon Continent.

"I'll be there shortly," Elandorr replied. "There are still some minor things that I need to attend to. Please, send Lord Eneru and Lord Drauum my regards."

"Yes, Commander."

The messenger bowed respectfully before leaving the room. Elandorr watched him go with a cold expression on his face. He was still feeling bitter about the humiliation that he had suffered at William's hands.


What was worse was that Princess Eowyn and the Prodigies that had accompanied him to the Sanctuary of the Minotaur Race had witnessed it all. 

The prideful Elven Commander clenched his fists as his nails dug into his palms. It took him half an hour to fully regain his composure before he left the Royal Palace to meet with the two Guardian Beasts who were waiting for his arrival.

The Ant Army traveled tirelessly until they reached their destination. One by one, they opened the wings behind their backs and took off to the sky. Half of the Ant Army, headed straight towards the Anaesha Dynasty, while the others remained behind to act as bait for anyone who might try to follow the tracks they had left behind.

Although they had triggered the collapse of the underground Cavern, and the tunnels they had dug many days ago, they were still dealing with two powerful beings. 

Empress Sidonie had communicated with the Archmage that had accompanied the Ant Army in their operation, and told him about the escape route that she had devised after careful consideration.

The flying ants, that were carrying the unconscious Elves, traveled as quickly as they could while the remaining ants dug several tunnels headed in different directions. Their plan was to hoodwink the Ancient Golem and Qilin so they could not find their flying army. 

Even if the Ancient Golem was strong, it couldn't possibly find the right tunnel that would lead it to the bulk of the Ant Army that were carrying the Elves that they had captured.

Fortunately, it took Eneru and Drauum an hour to return to the location of the Teleportation Gate. At that same time, the Ant Army had already taken to the skies. They flew along the route that Empress Sidonie had carefully selected to prevent any pursuers from finding their tracks.

The two Guardian Beasts were unscathed from William's destructive attack. The reason why they were delayed in their return was due to the fact that they debated whether they should pursue Jekyll and the red-headed boy or return to the location of the Teleportation Gate.

In the end, Eneru and Drauum half-heartedly tried to search for Jekyll and William's whereabouts before returning to the Northern Regions.


When they arrived, the cavern had already collapsed. Drauum immediately used its power to lift the debris from the Teleportation Gate. Hundreds of Elven Corpses, Goblins, Beasts, and corpses of several teenage Humans were unearthed from the collapsed cavern.

Drauum unceremoniously tossed them aside as it looked at where the Teleportation Gate was, but found nothing. 

It was then when it discovered the presence of several tunnels under the Earth and immediately went to investigate. There, it encountered several Ants, and killed them without mercy.

After several hours of following several dead ends, the Ancient Golem decided that there was no use in continuing its investigation. The Teleportation Gate had been destroyed and there was nothing it could do about it.

The only thing that it had discovered were the Ants and it was planning to ask the Commander of the Elves, Elandorr, if he knew anything about them. That way, they would be able to find out who the culprit was and punish them for their transgression.

While all of this was taking place, Conner was inside his office inside the Royal Palace of the Hellan Kingdom, and waiting for the report of Floyd whom he had tasked to go talk to Celine.

He was hoping that Celine would be able to convince William to work with him temporarily until the threat of the Elves had been dealt with. 

Several days had already passed, but no news returned to him. At first, he thought that Floyd had succeeded in his mission and was just working with Celine to find William. However, after waiting for many days, he still hadn't received any report from the Sorcerer who was in charge of creating the super soldiers for their organization.

"Calum, has Floyd reported anything to you?" Conner asked his right hand man, who was currently stationed in their Main Headquarters. Calum was busy coordinating with everyone who was continuing the search for the whereabouts of the Undying Lands and filing the reports that they had made.

"Floyd? I haven't heard from him since two weeks ago," Calum replied. "Did he not report the result of his mission to you, Sir?"


"No. Do you know where he is right now? He is not answering his communication crystal."

"Please give me a moment while I contact his subordinates in his laboratory."

Conner nodded and cut his connection with Calum. After waiting for a few minutes, the crystal on his ring glowed brightly. He once again opened the connection and saw that Calum was frowning.

"What's wrong?" Conner asked.

"Sir, Floyd is back in his laboratory," Calum reported. "However, he asked his subordinate to tell you that he is currently busy and must not be disturbed at all cost. He added that the Super Soldiers are nearing completion and this was a very crucial moment. Only members of his inner staff were allowed to enter the inner level of his underground laboratory."

Conner frowned after hearing Calum's report. "Did he mention anything about the negotiation he had with Celine?"

Calum shook his head. "Sir. Should I go there to personally ask him some questions?"

"No." Conner sighed. "I'm guessing that his talks with Celine didn't turn out well, so he's locked himself in his laboratory and refused to give us an explanation."

Conner was starting to regret that he gave the important task to the eccentric scholar that idolized Celine. He thought that since Floyd wanted to meet Celine so badly, he would be the perfect messenger to meet with the Dark Sorceress and discuss his proposal.

'I just hope he didn't do anything stupid,' Conner sighed internally. "Continue to monitor our agents that are looking for the Undying Lands. I will be leaving to meet with Celine shortly. Report to me if anything important arises. Do I make myself clear?"


"Yes, Sir," Calum bowed respectfully.

Conner then cut the connection as he made preparations to go to Lont. For some reason, he started to feel anxious. He hoped that Floyd didn't annoy Celine too much that the latter would refuse to meet with him.




Chapter 449

"Arslan, I'm glad that you are still alive!" Paul wasn't able to stop himself from giving Arslan a bear hug after seeing him.

"I won't live for much longer if you continue to crush my lungs," Arslan wheezed as he tapped Paul's back to tell the emotional knight to back away.

Prince Alaric watched this exchange with a smile. He was quite thankful seeing that the strongest Prodigy of the Zelan Dynasty was safe. However, the slave collar hanging on Arslan's neck dampened the mood of the reunion.

William had interrogated Arslan earlier before releasing him from the prison. Naturally, he made up a story that he possessed a legendary artifact that could store people inside it. Everyone looked at him in doubt, except the people that were in the know.

In order to reinforce his lie, William decided to drag Jekyll along and tell them that the artifact was given to him by the Dentist of Lont, who was also a Taotie.

After experiencing Jekyll's abilities, everyone half-believed William's explanation and decided to drop the topic about his artifact prison.

"William, Is there a way to remove this slave collar?" Prince Alaric asked. He hoped that his distant cousin would be able to find a way to free Arslan from his enslavement.

"There is a way, but I think it is better to let that collar stay on his neck for a little while longer," William replied as he pointed at his own slave collar. "A slave collar makes people drop their guard because they are not afraid that a slave might revolt. If we use this fact to our advantage…"

The Crown Prince was a smart person and he was able to catch on to what William was hinting at.

"Make him a double agent?" Prince Alaric inquired.

"Yes." William nodded. "Of course, if he doesn't want to then I can remove the slave collar on his neck. However, it will take some time to do so."

Arslan who was listening to their conversation looked at William in disbelief. He never thought that there was someone that was capable of removing a slave collar from another person. When Arslan saw the slave collar hanging on William's neck, he believed that the latter was telling the truth.


His impression of William also became better because in his mind, both of them were slaves and shared the same hardship.

Actually, William had discovered a few things about the Collar of Wisteria after having a heart to heart talk with his Master, Celine.

One of the hidden functions of the slave collar was to give its previous wearer the immunity to enslavement magic.

The second interesting function of the collar was that it could actually dispel the enslavement magic of other slave collars.

Now he finally understood why Celine and Celeste were forced to wear their slave collars when they were young. This was to prevent the two of them from being enslaved by anyone. Now that William had worn the collar for several years, even if he took it off, no other forms of enslavement magic would work on him.

According to Celine, the Collar of Wisteria had nine special functions. 

-- Unlock the hidden power of light or darkness within a person.

-- Prevent anyone who wears it from being affected by enslavement magic.

-- Grants the ability to dispel the enslavement magic of other slave collars or any other similar tools and artifacts. 

-- Grants the last wearer of the collar the ability to pass the collar to others, making them their slave.

-- Allows the user to enter certain places in the Silvermoon Continent that belonged to the Wisteria Clan.

Celine had only told him five of the nine functions of the collar because the remaining four were something she couldn't share with anyone even if she wanted to. 


Her grandfather had given her an absolute order, while she was still wearing the collar, that she mustn't divulge the four remaining functions of the Collar of Wisteria to anyone.

William lied when he said that he needed some time to prepare the method of dispelling Arslan's slave collar because he thought that the young warrior would play a more important role if he became a mole within the Elven Forces.

Naturally, Arslan also understood the consequences of William's plan. On one hand, he was prone to suffer abuse and torture from the Elves if he returned to the capital of the Zelan Dynasty.

On the other hand, he would be able to receive and pass important information to the Alliance because he served as a personal guard of Princess Eowyn.

What Arslan didn't know was that William was testing his resolve. If he agreed to remain as a slave then he would tweak the Slave Collar to allow Arslan a little bit of freedom. He could choose to ignore certain orders and even act independently.

Simply put, Arslan was like a hidden blade that could stab the heart of the Elven Chain of Command when they least expected it. Although this role held untold danger, it could also tilt the balance of the war during crucial moments.

Arslan stared long and hard at William for several minutes before nodding his head. He had finally made his decision and his answer made everyone look at him with admiration and respect.

"I will ask you one last time." William patted the shoulder of the teenage boy who was older than him by a few years. "Is this your final answer?"

Arslan nodded his head firmly. "Yes. I will return to Briar Glen and become the rat that will bring the Elven Race to their knees. But, I have one condition."

"Speak," William replied. "If it is within my ability then I will grant it."

Arslan stared straight into William's eyes before saying his demand. 

"Let me kill the Elven Princess."


William frowned and firmly shook his head.

"You can't," William replied. "Princess Eowyn is my Moth- the Saintess' Disciple and one of the precious Princesses of the Elven Race. If you kill her then the Elves would make a blood oath to exterminate not only you, but all the citizens of the Zelan Dynasty. Believe me when I say that they are capable of doing this."

William told Arslan about the appearance of the two Guardian Beasts of the Silvermoon Continent. 

Drauum alone was more than enough to raze the Zelan Capital to the ground. The wrath of a Pseudo-Demigod was something that couldn't be brushed off easily. 

Arslan narrowed his gaze as he digested William's words. As much as he wanted to give the Elves a devastating blow, he couldn't involve the innocent survivors of their Dynasty. He didn't want to become the sinner that played a role in having their Dynasty wiped off of the face of the Southern Continent.

"Then allow me to kill…," Arslan stated. "I will not compromise again."

"Deal." William agreed to Arslan's condition.

He didn't care about the life of the other Elves, but he cared about the life of the Elven Princess. 

William's mother, Lady Arwen, only had two Disciples. The red-headed boy didn't want his mother to be broken-hearted at the loss of one of her Disciples.

Celine had already informed him that not all the Elves had agreed to the invasion of the Human lands. The beautiful Elf may hate her race, but she didn't want to lie to her Disciple. After all, William's mother was the Saintess of the World Tree.

"Come with me," William said with a mischievous smile plastered on his face. "We need to discuss a few things before you return to Briar Glen."

William had already felt Arslan's resolve, so there was no need to hold back. He intended to have Arslan give the Elves a nasty surprise that would make them regret enslaving the battle-hardened prodigy of the Zelan Dynasty.





Chapter 450

"Is this really fine?" Prince Alaric asked as he looked at the Lamassu that would take Arslan near the border of the Zelan Dynasty.

"No," William replied as he stood with his arms crossed over his chest. "But, having him behind enemy lines is better than having him fight by our side. The damage he can cause using his ability, when used at the right moment, could tilt the balance of the war in our favor."

Prince Alaric sighed as he reluctantly nodded his head. They were currently at the Fortress where James had taken command before he turned into a crystal statue. 

The two Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent didn't pursue them, which made Jekyll and William breathe a sigh of relief in their hearts. There was no way that both of them could fight against the two guardians, especially since William's Heroic Avatar was no longer available.

"What do we do now?" Prince Alaric looked at William with a serious expression. "Do we even have any chances of winning?"

"We have no chance of winning against the Elves with our current forces," William replied. "Those two Guardians alone would make it very difficult. One of them is a Myriad Beast, the other a Pseudo Demigod. 

"We can count ourselves lucky that their teleportation gate was destroyed. However, they will build one again, and this time, they will ensure its completion. The most we did was buy ourselves a month or two. If we can't find anything to match the power of those two Guardian Beasts then winning is just a dream outside our reach."

The two leaders of the young generation stood in silence as they stared in the direction of the Zelan Dynasty. They had done their best, but even their best wasn't enough in the face of absolute strength.

While the two boys were pondering on their next move, Celine walked towards William and placed her hand on his shoulder.

"Will, we need to talk," Celine said. 

"Understood, Master." William nodded. "Let's talk more after we've returned to Lont, Prince Alaric. Please, tell everyone that we leave in two hours."


Prince Alaric nodded in acknowledgement. He gave Celine a glance before turning around to leave.

Celine waved her hand and a small dome of Dark Magic shielded William and her from the outside world. What they were going to talk about was highly confidential and she didn't want others to overhear their conversation.

"Will, I am a member of Deus," Celine said as she looked at William with a serious expression. 

William nodded. "I know, Master."

"You do?" Celine raised an eyebrow. "Did you tell him, Oliver?"

A black mist came out of William's shadow and materialized into a Parrot Monkey. Oliver looked at his Mistress and nodded his head.

"I apologize for stepping beyond my bounds, Mistress," Oliver said. "I have no excuse for what I did."

Celine stared at her loyal retainer before shifting her gaze back to her one and only Disciple.

"What are your thoughts about it?" Celine asked, her eyes never left William's as if she was trying to see his true emotions in the depths of his clear, green eyes.

"It was a shocking revelation," William replied without batting an eye. "But, I am sure that Master has a good reason for doing what you did."

William paused before asking the question that had been nagging in his mind. Although Oliver had already said it, he wanted his Master to say it using her own words.


"Master, did you take part in the creation of the Continental Spell?"

"No."

"Understood."

William felt that a burden had been dislodged from his shoulder. Now that he confirmed that Celine really had no part in the creation of the spell that turned his family into crystal statues, he was able to put his mind at ease.

"The reason why I wanted to talk to you is not only because I wanted to tell you that I am a member of Deus, but to tell you something that might aid us in this battle with the Elves. Oliver has already told you that some members of The Organization attacked Lont in order to capture Matthew and Eve to be used against the two of us, right?"

William nodded. 

"I know the character of the Branch Leader of Deus here in the Southern Continent," Celine stated. "He is not someone who would do something stupid like antagonize me and make me his enemy. Conner is too smart for that. I believe that what happened was an arbitrary action of that person named Floyd."

"Floyd?" William asked. "What role does he play in the organization?"

Celine smiled. She had a feeling that William would pay Floyd a visit and beat the crap out of him for trying to take his family members hostage. However, she knew that this would not be a good idea if she looked at their current circumstances.

"After we interrogated his men, we found out that he is a Scholar who is currently working on the project that I had done research on in the past," Celine explained. "The Super Soldier Project. This was an experiment where people are subjected into a specially controlled environment, where they would be exposed to artificial Miasma.

"This would corrupt and transform their bodies to surpass its limits, turning them into mutant creatures that are very hard to kill." Celine crossed her arms over her chest. "Floyd took over my research papers and put them into action. Based on the letter that he had sent me, His experimental subjects are now in the final phase of their mutation."


When William heard the words Super Soldier Project and Artificial Miasma, his expression became grim. Now that the final pieces of the puzzle had fallen in place, he knew the identity of the person whom the Trollhounds wanted to kill the most.

However, what worried William was that according to Celine's choice of words, Floyd had managed to solve the flaws of Celine's research. That could only mean one thing…

'Mass Production of Super Soldiers that have powerful bodies and a regeneration that is on the same level as the Titanic Green-Scaled Trollhound.' William shuddered at the mere thought of going against these killing machines. 

The Trollhounds in his herd were extremely tenacious and powerful. Not only that, they were very hard to kill. Only an acid that was strong enough to melt Adamantium could kill them completely. Simply put, they are nearly immortal creatures in the battlefield. Their only downside was that their hunger levels were higher compared to ordinary beasts.

Fortunately, William had the Goblin Crypt before, and now, he had the Dungeon of Atlantis. The Trollhounds could eat their fill with Syokois, and Nagas, who could be hunted on the floors that they had cleared.

"Yes," Celine replied. "Right now, The Organization has an army that can rampage on the battlefield without fearing for their lives. They are the perfect vanguards against their enemies. So, if we make The Organization your enemy at this point in time, it would only lead to mutual destruction."

William already understood what Celine was hinting at. Although he didn't want to admit it, this was not the time to have a head-on confrontation with Deus. He already had a headache with the current lineup of the Elven Army. Facing both of them at the same time would be suicidal.

"A temporary truce?" William asked.

Celine nodded. "I believe that this is the best course of action for now. If you like, I can send Oliver to Conner right now, so he can inquire why Conner wanted to talk to you. Depending on his answer, we can plan whether we will cooperate with them or not."

William pondered for a bit before nodding his head. A temporary truce was fine. He needed to choose the lesser evil between Deus and the Elves, and right now, the threat of the Elves was higher compared to Conner's Organization.

"Very well, Master," William said. "Let's meet this Conner first."


William already knew who Conner was because a little Wren had followed him to the Hidden Valley where the Undying Lands had been located. Even so, what he knew about the Leader of Deus was only second hand information.

Only by meeting him face to face would William be able to discern Conner's character and whether he was a person he could cooperate with. At least, until the threat of the Foreign Invaders was no longer an issue.




Chapter 451

"He did what?!" Conner slammed his fist on the table as he looked at a certain Parrot Monkey with bloodshot eyes. "Oliver, we've known each other for a while. Are you telling me that Floyd tried to kidnap William's family members in order to coerce Celine and make him submit? Are you telling me the truth, or are you just spouting bullsh*t?"

"So, you didn't order him to do anything of the sort?" Oliver asked back. He eyed Conner and used his Special Eye that could see through all things to know whether the Leader of Deus was lying or not.

"I didn't order such a thing." Conner denied firmly. "What I asked Floyd to do was to pass a message to Celine that I want to talk to her Disciple William. I didn't instigate him to kidnap his family members because I don't want to make Celine my enemy."

Oliver appraised Conner's soul and found out that he wasn't lying. This proved that what Floyd did was an unauthorized action on his part without the consent from the Leader of Deus. 

"Then tell me, Conner, why do you want to meet William?" Oliver asked. 

"I will only tell the boy the reason when I meet him," Conner replied. "Time is of the essence, Oliver. The sooner I talk to the boy, the sooner we can come to an agreement. I will give you the freedom to choose the time and place for our meeting. You can bring Celine or whoever else you want to bring along, but the boy must be there, period."

Oliver eyed Conner one last time before flying towards the window of his office.

"I will come to find you before this day is over," Oliver stated as flew past the window. "I will relay the boy's answer to you then."

Inside the Martial Division of the Royal Academy…

"So this is the Head Prefect's room," Celine nodded her head in appreciation. "Not bad."

The beautiful Elf sat on William's king sized bed as she scanned the room with an appraising glance. 


"It's quite unfortunate that I wasn't able to use it for a year," William commented as he dragged a chair to sit in front of his Master. "I thought that I was going to have a happy academy life. I didn't expect that I would find myself in the front row seat of one problem after another."

Celine chuckled as she looked at the red-headed boy, who was looking back at her with a face filled with injustice.

"You are a magnet for trouble, aren't you?" Celine asked with a smug expression.

"Master, that is slander," William replied with a righteous tone. "Just look at how handsome your Disciple is. A magnet for trouble? No. I am a magnet for beautiful girls. Ah, I forgot to tell you, Master, I now have three girlfriends. Not bad, right?"

Celine snorted after hearing William's snarky reply. "Three girlfriends? What's so good about having three girlfriends? You can't even do anything to them with your small…"

The beautiful Elf covered her lips as she looked down on William's… before giggling.

"Master, you shouldn't underestimate your disciple," William raised his head in arrogance. "For your information I am no longer…"

William wasn't able to continue his words because he would sound like a loser if he told Celine that he had crossed the line and into adulthood in his dreams. If that counted then nearly all of the teenagers on Earth would have lost their V-Cards, right?

"You're no longer?"

"I-I am no longer the child that you know. I am very capable now."

"Right." Celine nodded. "I admit that you are now more capable."


William didn't want to continue the conversation because his lovers were currently inside his Thousand Beast Domain. Although they couldn't hear their conversation, he was afraid that Ashe would somehow be able to eavesdrop using the gem embedded on his chest.

The Half-Elf didn't want to take any risks because he had just suffered a beating due to the two blabbermouth Angry Birds who dropped a bomb when his lovers were around him.

William was about to change the topic when Oliver entered the room through William's window and relayed the discussion he had with Conner.

"Just as we suspected, Mistress. Conner wasn't involved in Floyd's attack in Lont," Oliver explained. 

"Are you certain?" 

"Yes."

"I see. Well then, Will, what will you do?" Celine shifted her attention to the Half-Elf who seemed to be deep in thought.

William didn't take long to give an answer because he had already decided to meet Conner the moment he headed to the Royal Academy. 

"I want to meet him," William stated. "Master, make it happen."

Celine nodded. There was no need to prolong the issue because time wasn't on their side. 

Five minutes later, Oliver flew out of the window to relay William's words to Conner. William decided to meet Conner inside the Royal Academy accompanied by Celine and Jekyll. He didn't fully trust the Leader of Deus and having his Master and the Dentist of Lont would ensure his safety.


An hour before sunset, Conner arrived at the First Year Martial Division. He came alone because he didn't want to sabotage this meeting with William. 

Floyd had already made things difficult for him, so he didn't want to take any more chances and decided to show William and his Master, Celine, his sincerity.

They met in the conference room of the Solaris Dormitory. 

William was surprised to find out that the Leader of Deus was a Half-Elf just like him. 

Conner had short, dark brown, hair and green eyes that were not as clear as William's. Clearly, he had seen and done things that the boy had never experienced before. Although both of them were Half-Elves, the paths they chose were different from each other.

"Before we start this meeting, I would like to apologize for what my subordinate, Floyd, attempted to do," Conner said in an apologetic tone. "It was never my intention to kidnap your family members to be used as hostages."

William nodded because Oliver had already told him this. Still, he gave Conner ten out of ten for his acting skills because his words and actions clearly showed that he felt bad about what happened back in Lont.

'He sure knows how to take the lead in a conversation,' William praised the leader of Deus for his ability to make himself look like the victim.

Seeing William's acknowledgement, Conner decided to get straight to the point. He didn't plan to use flowery words to butter up the red-headed boy because Conner could clearly see the hidden dislike in William's eyes.

Although the boy tried his best to hide it, Conner was someone who specialized in dealing with people. He could read the body language of people. Conner knew when to advance and when to take a step back, which earned him the leadership role for the branch of Deus in the Southern Continent.

Right now, they were at the negotiation table. The Leader of Deus wanted to gauge William's character to see if he would be an ally or not. If this negotiation failed, he would contact Princess Sidonie again and try to negotiate other terms.


He didn't believe for a moment that he would lose in a battle of wits against a boy who had yet to reach adulthood. 

Conner would open his cards one by one and make sure that William understood that his only chance of survival was to work with him in order to deal with the current threats that they were facing.




Chapter 452

"The reason why I wanted to meet with you is due to the two Foreign Invaders that are now right outside the borders of the Hellan Kingdom," Conner stated. "Depending on the result of our discussion, Our Organization may choose to leave the Hellan Kingdom and attach ourselves to one of these powers."

William's face remained calm even after hearing Conner's veiled threat. Celine had already predicted this outcome, so she had warned William beforehand that the Leader of Deus might jump ship if things didn't look good for them.

Celine and William both agreed that there was only one power that would accept the Organization in their ranks and that is none other than…

"So, you plan to go to the Kraetor Empire," William commented. "Not a bad choice."

Conner stared at William's face and he could tell that the boy wasn't surprised by his statement. He thought that he would get the upper hand, by saying that he would give up the Hellan Kingdom and become part of the Kraetor Empire's forces.

'I see, so he really is Princess Sidonie's ally,' Conner thought. 

He didn't know that Sidonie was no longer a Princess, but an Empress that had dominion over two kingdoms. Although her little brother was the one currently ruling the Kingdom of Freesia, it didn't change the fact that she was the one that called the shots.

Conner thought that William's composure was due to the fact that he had found a strong backing. A backing that Conner wanted to have as well. Right now, only the Kraetor Empire had enough manpower to deal with the Elves and fight them on even grounds. 

He had been informed by Calum that William's and Princess Sidonie's relationship seemed close. This was the conclusion that he had arrived at after observing the two from afar. 

"So, you're saying that both of us should work together and fight against these two powers, correct?" William inquired.

"Yes," Conner replied. 'So you will not admit that you are Princess Sidonie's ally? Too bad that I am already aware of your relationship with her.'

If possible, Conner didn't want to become anyone else's subordinate. Becoming Princess Sidonie's lackey was his last resort. What he wanted to gain from this negotiation with William was to have the Half-Elf agree to work with him to deal with the Elves and have a Non-Aggression Pact with the Kraetor Empire.

He believed that as long as he was only fighting against the Elves, he would be able to wipe them out if it was a one-on-one battle. Conner was banking on the fact that the army of Super Soldiers would soon finish their final transformation. 


"Since you are being open with your goal then allow me to tell you something about the recent event that transpired in the Zelan Dynasty," William said. "A few days ago, we went there to destroy their teleportation gates."

Conner wasn't able to stop the surprise from appearing on his face when he heard William's words. 

"Did you succeed?" Conner asked. He waited in bated breath for William's answer. 

If William had succeeded in destroying the Elves' ability to get more reinforcements from their homeland, then that would bring them one step closer in finishing them off. This was what Conner was thinking as he eyed the red-headed boy in front of him. 

"No," William answered. "We failed in our mission. Also, I have more bad news to tell you. Two Guardians from the Silvermoon Continent managed to pass through the gates in the middle of the battle. One was the Qilin, Eneru. The other is the Ancient Golem, Drauum. Have you heard of them?"

Conner's face immediately went pale when he heard the name of the two Guardians from the Silvermoon Continent. He knew who Eneru was because he had access to the information network of Deus.

As someone who hated the Elves, he had collected a significant amount of information about the forces that were present in the Silvermoon Continent. This included the Seven Guardian Beast of the Silvermoon Continent.

The Qilin, Eneru.

The Ancient Golem, Drauum

The Winged Serpent, Drakon Nalzrig

The Ent King, Myrendor

The Guardian Deer, Zyphon

The Golden Dragon, Ezkalor


The Demigod, Sepheron

These are the Seven Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent. Sepheron was a Demigod that was bound to the Silvermoon Continent. It rarely left the land of the Elves to go into hibernation for hundreds of years at a time. 

The Ancient Golem, Drauum, was the second most powerful being among the Seven Guardians. Although it was only two-meters tall, no one dared to underestimate its strength because it was a golem that could even fight against Demigods.

"Boy, are you joking or what?" Conner asked in disbelief. "Are you telling me that Drauum is already in the Zelan Dynasty. Celine, your Disciple sure knows how to crack a joke."

Conner shifted his attention to the beautiful Elf that was seated beside William.

"I'm afraid that he's telling the truth," Celine replied. "I was there when Drauum appeared. We barely escaped with our lives in that single confrontation with it."

Conner rubbed his face in order to calm his nerves. Now that Celine had confirmed that the Ancient Golem was indeed present in the Southern Continent, he felt like running away was his best course of action.

It didn't matter how many Super Soldiers the Organization had. Against Drauum, these near immortal warriors were like eggs being thrown at a boulder.

"So, what are you going to do now?" William asked. "Are you going to seek protection from the Kraetor Empire, or will you stay in the Hellan Kingdom and fight against the Elves?"

The reason why William mentioned the appearance of the Qilin and the Ancient Golem was to test Conner's resolve. He wanted to know whether the Leader of Deus would choose to flee or remain to fight.

Right now, what William needed was allies, and not people who would run away during the crucial moment. He was even willing to set aside their differences, so they could sit down to talk to one another. 

If Conner decided to hide under Empress Sidonie's skirt then there was nothing he could do about it. Frankly, he was also tempted to do the same thing. However, there were a few individuals on their side that might be able to extend their help when all hope was lost.

One was Takam, the Demigod of the Kyrintor Mountains.


The other was Vlad, the Strongest Demigod in the Southern Continent. 

If these two Demigods decided to stand on William's side then even Drauum would have to think twice before making a move on the Hellan Kingdom.

Jekyll had already told him straight up that William shouldn't put his hope on Vlad because his father didn't care about the fate of the Hellan Kingdom. The only thing he cared about was James. 

When William asked Jekyll if Vlad would come to his aid if he went to the battlefield carrying James' statue as a shield, the Dentist of Lont laughed out loud before telling William that it was a brilliant idea.

However, Jekyll flatly told him that Vlad would definitely kick William's bum, sending the boy to the Stratosphere if he were to do that. Just like William's reverse scale was his family, Vlad's reverse scale was James. 

Messing with a Demigod was a very stupid thing to do. 

After hearing Jekyll's claim, William scrapped the idea of using his Gramps to instigate the Demigod to help him fight against the Elves. If James could have heard William's plan, he might have spanked the boy silly for using his old bones as a shield to fight against his enemies. 

William stared at Conner and waited for his answer. 

The dice has been cast. 

He only waited to see whether Conner would choose to fight, or choose to flee when the odds were stacked against him. 

Celine observed this battle of wits from the side and a smile appeared on her face. She was quite satisfied with how William dealt with Conner and felt proud because he was her Disciple.

'If only he was given a few more years to grow up, I'm sure that he would have been able to surpass my expectations,' Celine thought.

She sighed in her heart knowing that in a month or two, war would be upon them. A war where many lives would be lost, never to be seen again. 





Chapter 453

William's and Conner's meeting ended, but no promises were made between the two. The Leader of Deus asked for a day to think things through and William agreed. Their talks would resume at noon the next day in the same conference room of the Solaris Dormitory.

An hour after Conner left the Royal Academy, William showed Celine some of his secrets, and they were none other than the Thousand Beast Domain and the Dungeon of Atlantis.

William had a smug expression on his face when he saw Celine's usually calm expression crumble after seeing the Domain and Dungeon that were available to him.

"H-How?" Celine asked as she stared at William.

Her stare was so intense that William had a feeling that the beautiful Elf was fighting the urge to dissect him, to see what other secrets he was hiding from her.

"Master, isn't it obvious?" William replied as he raised his chin in arrogance. "It's because I am so handsome, and so awesome, that I always have fruitful encounters. Don't be surprised if I suddenly acquired a Divine Artifact or Weapon in the future."

Just as William was boasting, a rainbow-colored Anteater walked past him. 

Celine's gaze immediately landed on the adorable and unique creature that had fought beside her in the underground cavern. 

"I want this," Celine said as she picked up the Demigod who was minding its own business.

Kasogonaga glared at the beautiful Elf in front of him in annoyance. The only reason why it didn't attack Celine was because she was William's Master. If any other Elf had picked it up, it would have already rolled into a ball and smashed their face without showing a shred of mercy.

"Unhand me, Woman!" Kasogonaga shouted. "I am a Demigod. You dare treat me like some kind of toy?!"

Celine's eyes sparkled when she heard that the adorable anteater was a Demigod. She thought that Kasogonaga was just a Rare Beast that William had picked up along the way.


"You are a Demigod?"

"Yes! Now, unhand me, Woman!"

Celine looked at William with a serious expression. Even without saying anything, the Half-Elf could understand what his Master was trying to tell him.

"Sorry, Master," William said as he shook his head. "Kasogonaga is not a pet. Also, he is not my subordinate. He is my special guest."

"That's right!" Kasogonaga said as it wriggled its body to get away from Celine who was holding it in a vice grip. "Hey! Let me go!"

Celine clicked her tongue as she reluctantly put the rainbow-colored Anteater on the ground. Kasogonaga gave her a hateful glare before walking away to join the others in clearing the Twenty-Second Floor of the Atlantis Dungeon. 

The Dungeon Monsters that were located on this floor consisted of Nagas. They were serpentine hybrids that were similar to demihumans. 

All of them were Class C (Low) Monsters and were proving to be a worthy challenge for most of the members of William's Herd and Legion. 

Scadrez, the Blood Eagle, gave a mighty shriek as it descended from the sky. It unleashed crimson wind blades at the Naga that it was fighting, slicing it to pieces. 

The Naga wasn't able to offer much resistance because the Blood Eagle's rank was now Class B (Mid).

Scadrez landed on the ground and happily ate its prey. It was a Beast similar to the Blood Wyvern that was able to strengthen itself, and gain new abilities, by eating monsters. 

William glanced at the Blood Eagle in the distance. If he had more God Points, he would have purchased more Hyperion Trees and created a squad of Blood Eagles that would serve as William's Elite Air Units.


Celine was very interested in the Thousand Beast Domain and the Dungeon of Atlantis. Because of this, she flatly told William that she would be staying in his Villa for the time being.

William was about to agree when he suddenly remembered that his Villa was now his personal "Love Nest". He would spend the nights there with his lovers, and it would be awkward if Celine did some experiments inside it.

Because of this, He immediately asked the system to buy a spacious residence with a make-shift laboratory in it for Celine.

God Points: 642

The System bought a residence with a built-in laboratory for 50 God Points and placed it near the Villa. It was close enough for Celine to visit William, but far enough to give both of them privacy.

Celine was surprised when she saw the residence that hadn't been there when she toured the Thousand Beast Domain with William. She eyed her Disciple, who was looking back at her with the "I'm so awesome" expression, and decided to not ask him anything.

The beautiful elf had many secrets of her own, so she wouldn't force William to tell her things that he didn't want to tell her. 

"Thank you for this comfortable residence," Celine said with a smile. "I'll be staying with you for the time being since I have nothing to do in Lont. In return, I will help clear the Atlantis Dungeon and use the monster body parts in my experiments."

"Thank you, Master," William replied. "Having you here will put me at ease."

William was quite happy that Celine chose to stay with him for the time being. Having her around would help greatly as the work of clearing the Dungeon continued. It would also give him the opportunity to ask her certain things when it came to alchemy.

Celine liked to do research and experiment on things, which was what William was currently doing. He hoped that with his Master's wisdom, he would be able to make the things that he was unable to make--like the powerful acid that would be strong enough to melt armor made from precious metals.

William parted with Celine for the time being because there were a few things that he needed to handle as well.


Dungeon Points: 158,865

The last battle against the Elves had killed hundreds of Goblins. Although the Goblin Crypt could spawn more of them, William felt that he shouldn't treat the Goblin Army as Cannon Fodders.

Currently, the leader of the Goblin Army was none other than the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor whom WIlliam nicknamed as Xerxes. His assistant was the Hobgoblin Chieftain whom William called Rex.

Together, they were the two leaders that led the Goblins to battle. William had already tweaked the Goblin Crypt and stopped the production of low-tiered Goblins. 

He replaced them with stronger Goblins that would become the main bulk of his army. William had also increased the numbers for:

Hobgoblin Hunters

Hobgoblin Warriors

Hobgoblin Berserkers

Hobgoblin Leaders

Hobgoblin Shamans

He purchased more floors and placed the prison that held the Elves on the Forty-Fifth Floor. William was surprised when he found out that he had gained a lot of points after killing many of Elven Prodigies in the battle to destroy the teleportation gates.

This allowed the Half-Elf to add more floors to the Goblin Crypt and give it another special upgrade. Originally, the Thirty-First floor and above only spawned Danderous Goblin Dogs. Now, William changed the Dungeon's setting and made the new floors spawn Scavenger Goblin Dogs.


These were the evolved form of the Danderous Goblin Dog, and were powerful Class B (Low) Monsters that would now serve as the mount of his Goblin Army. William increased their production rate to ensure that every member of the Goblin Army would have a mount of their own.

Although he had already prepared himself for losses in this war, he wouldn't let his Goblin Army serve as cannon fodders. He would ensure that they would be properly equipped so that they would be able to terrorize his enemies the next time they met on the battlefield.




Chapter 454

Prince Lionel and Prince Rufus arrived at the capital of the Anaesha Dynasty, Veritas. 

Both of them were dressed according to their rank because Conner didn't want to give Empress Sidonie a bad impression. The young warriors of the Kraetor Empire escorted the two Princes to the throne room to meet with the young Empress who had full command of their army. 

Prince Lionel walked the wide hallways of the Palace with anticipation. At first, he thought that The Organization finally decided to dispose of him, but was relieved when he was told that he would be sent as a hostage to the current ruler of the Anaesha Dynasty, Princess Sidonie.

'I knew that the Princess cared for me,' Prince Lionel thought as he walked with a spring in his steps. 'Perhaps she finally understands that I am the only man that can match her intellect and beauty.'

Walking behind him was Prince Rufus who had a solemn expression on his face. Unlike his older brother that was infatuated with the Princess, the Second Prince of the Hellan Dynasty only felt dread. 

He felt much safer staying inside a cell in one of Deus' Prisons, rather than having an audience with the most beautiful young lady in the continent. Prince Rufus already knew about the power of Empress Sidonie's Charm.

Since she was the one that his older brother adored, the Second Prince had also gathered information about her. The two of them were rivals who fought for the throne. It was only natural to know your opponent's weaknesses.

For Prince Rufus, meeting Empress Sidonie was similar to walking to the gallows for an execution. Once he was Charmed, he would no longer have a will of his own and would only follow Empress Sidonie's every order.

'No matter what happens, I will not make eye contact.' Prince Rufus vowed in his heart. 'I don't care if this stupid brother of mine becomes a mindless puppet. I still want to see Rebecca. I refuse to be Charmed!'

When the two massive doors of the Throne Room were opened, Prince Lionel immediately saw the lady of his dreams.

Empress Sidonie sat on a golden throne and looked at the Crown Prince with a sweet smile on her face. She even made a gesture for the Prince to walk forward, so that she could get a better look at him.

Prince Lionel didn't need someone to tell him what to do. He walked towards the Empress with confidence and returned her smile with a smile of his own.

Prince Rufus, on the other hand, kept his head bowed and stared at the floor as if his life depended on it. One of the guards that had escorted the two Princes gave Prince Rufus a push on his back to make him walk forward.

Knowing that he had no choice but to obey, Rufus walked forward with even steps. He only stopped when the guard told him to stop, where he, and Prince Lionel were forced to kneel in front of their Empress.

"It has been a while, Prince Lionel," Empress Sidonie said in a tone that was as smooth as silk. "I pray that you have been well since the last time we saw each other."

Prince Lionel's smile widened. "I'm afraid that not everything went well after the two of us parted, Princess Sidonie."


"That's Empress Sidonie to you!" Prince Jason commented from the side. 

Prince Jason didn't like the fawning expression on Prince Lionel's face because he was blatantly showing his adoration to the Empress whom he had already claimed as his own in his heart.

"Of course," Prince Lionel nodded apologetically. "Forgive me for my rudeness, Empress Sidonie. It was wrong of me to address you improperly."

"You are forgiven, Prince Lionel," Empress Sidonie replied as her eyes glowed with power. "Do you remember the order that you gave the members of Deus back at the Ravenlord Citadel?"

"How could I possibly forget?" Prince Lionel eyed the young Empress with a loving gaze. "I asked them to capture you and bring you to my room, so that I can shower you with my love."

The Crown Prince of the Hellan Kingdom had been completely Charmed and he couldn't lie even if he wanted to. 

"Bastard!" Prince Jason exclaimed in anger as he drew his sword from his scabbard. "I'll end your filthy life!"

Prince Jason was about to cut off Prince Lionel's head when a single word stopped him in his tracks.

"Wait."

Empress Sidonie's order contained a hint of her Divinity, which made Prince Jason's heart shudder, forcing him to stop his attack.

"You wish to shower me with your love?" Empress Sidonie asked.

Prince Lionel nodded as he felt his heart strings being plucked one by one by her sensuous voice. "I've always wanted you to be my wife. For so many years, I have waited. Ever since I saved you during that hunting expedition, my heart has belonged to you, and only to you."

Prince Lionel's voice was so filled with his overflowing feelings and passion that the people inside the throne room looked at him with various expressions. Some admired him, some loathed him, while some pitied him.

These young men and women had also fallen in love with the young Empress and they treated each other as love rivals. Seeing the Prince openly admit his love, which had lasted for many years, made them feel envious.

"I see," Empress Sidonie's eyes returned to normal as he looked at the Crown Prince with amusement. "Thank you for loving me all these years. Right now, we are in the middle of a war against the Elves and, to a certain extent, the people of your Kingdom. Do you wish to serve and fight for me?"

"Of course." Prince Lionel pressed his fist over his chest as he bowed to Empress Sidonie like a knight swearing his fealty. 


"I, Prince Lionel Arthur Vi Hellan, hereby swear upon my honor that I will fight for you, Your Majesty, till I draw my last breath," Prince Lionel said with determination. "Your enemies will be my enemies, and I will use my heart, and body, to ensure that no harm will fall on your body. This I swear with my life."

Empress Sidonie nodded her head in satisfaction as he made a gesture for Prince Lionel to stand.

"From now on, you will be part of my Royal Guard," Empress Sidonie declared. "You will accompany me wherever I go and protect me from all harm. You will do this for me, yes?"

"My life is yours to command, Your Majesty." Prince Lionel bowed his head.

"Stand five steps to the left side below my throne. From this day forward, that will be your place."

"Yes! Your Majesty!"

Prince Lionel walked towards his designated position with a smile. Several other young men and women stood along the steps that led to Empress Sidonie's throne. 

Standing on the right side of her throne was the Archmage of the Kraetor Empire. While two Sword Saints stood behind her throne. 

On her left stood Priscilla. She was Empress Sidonie's loyal retainer and one of her most trusted advisers. 

Prince Jason, on the other hand, stood farther away to prevent himself from being too affected by Empress Sidonie's charm.

After Prince Lionel stood in his place, the young Empress shifted her attention to the Second Prince of the Hellan Kingdom who had his head bowed and looking at the floor.

"Prince Rufus, do you want to regain your freedom?" Empress Sidonie asked. 

Her soft, yet teasing voice made Prince Rufus' heart tremble. 

'Even without looking at her, my heart can't stop itself from beating wildly inside my chest,' Prince Rufus thought with worry as beads of sweat started to appear on his forehead.

"Your Majesty, I would like to regain my freedom," Prince Rufus replied. "The two of us have no grudges to each other and I pray that you show your mercy upon me."

Empress Sidonie rested her right cheek over the palm of her hand. To be perfectly honest, she didn't know what to do with the Second Prince of the Hellan Kingdom. Unlike the Crown Prince, Prince Rufus had been very polite to her when she was the guest of their Kingdom.


Also, she could somehow tell that the Prince already had someone in his heart. As someone who was pursuing the meaning of Love, Empress Sidonie felt that she shouldn't tamper with Prince Rufus' feelings and grant him amnesty.

Even Morgana, who was usually the one who was thirsty to turn everyone into slaves, remained quiet within their shared Mindscape. Empress Sidonie's other half was giving her silent approval to whatever she decided to do with the Second Prince.

"Right now, the Southern Continent is ridden with danger," Empress Sidonie said after careful consideration. "You will remain here as my guest and will be treated according to your rank and standing. From this day onwards, you will stay at the Left Wing of the Royal Palace. You will also be given a maid and an attendant to care for your daily needs."

Prince Rufus breathed a sigh of relief in his heart because he could tell that the Empress had decided to spare him. 

"Thank you, Your Majesty, for your mercy, and generosity," Prince Rufus replied. "I promise to abide by your wishes and stay in my quarters. In the future, if Fate permits, I swear upon my life to return this kindness."

"Good. May you honor your word, Prince Rufus."

"I will, Your Majesty."

Empress Sidonie made a gesture to the guards to escort the Second Prince to his new quarters.

Only when the two great doors of the throne room had closed behind his back, did Prince Rufus breathe a sigh of relief in his heart.

'Brother, the lady you chose is a fearsome person.' Prince Rufus' body unconsciously shuddered as he was guided towards the Left Wing of the Royal Palace.

The Second Prince of the Hellan Kingdom knew that his older brother's fate was now sealed in stone. Although there was no love between them as brothers, he still felt a pang of pity for his brother who had done everything in his power to claim the throne of the Hellan Kingdom.

Now, he was no longer a candidate to become king.

He was now a slave who had lost his freedom. 

A slave that was similar to a dog, whose only wish was to lick his Master's foot.

A slave whose fate would be decided by the mood of the beautiful Master he now served. 

Prince Rufus said a silent prayer in his heart as his composure returned. He prayed that if Empress Sidonie ever decided to end his brother's life, it would be a swift death, and not a slow, and painful, one.





Chapter 455

Conner stared at the map of the Southern Continent that was plastered on the wall of his office. It had been two hours since his talk with William and he was thinking long and hard on what his next course of action would be.

To the West lay the outskirts of the Hellan Kingdom.

To the North the Anaesha Dynasty.

To the South was the Zelan Dynasty.

Lastly, the Kingdom of Freesia in the Far East.

The four powers that shared the Southern Continent and had each other in a deadlock. After the Continental Spell was activated, these four powers had lost their leaders and fell into chaos. 

Right now, the Kingdom of Freesia and the Anaesha Dynasty belonged to Empress Sidonie. She was backed by the Kraetor Empire, and held considerable forces of her own thanks to the Myriad Ant Queen.

Right now, she occupied half of the playing field. One can even say that, when it came to military might and resources, she stood at the apex of power at this point in time.

Then there were the Elves who occupied the Zelan Dynasty to the South. Although William's Alliance had failed to destroy the Teleportation Gates, they still gave the Elves a crushing blow. 

It was quite unfortunate that two powerful Guardian Beasts were able to pass through the Teleportation Gate before it was destroyed by Empress Sidonie's Ant Army.

Eneru, the Qilin, and Drauum, the Ancient Golem. Both of them held considerable power, especially the Ancient Golem who was the biggest threat among the two. It alone had the power to destroy fortifications and topple cities.

Even though there would be no reinforcements coming to aid the Elves anytime soon, Drauum was more than enough to deter any further moves against the Elven forces stationed in the Zelan Dynasty.


Then there was the Hellan Kingdom. Among these three powers, it was currently the weakest of them all. 

Conner sighed as his eyes landed on the kingdom where he currently was and shook his head helplessly.

'If only the Hidden Domain hadn't disappeared,' Conner thought with regret. 'The resources inside would have been more than enough to create tens of thousands of Super Soldiers that could be used as the main bulk of our vanguard.'

Conner already understood that the greatest threat they were facing was Drauum. If he could somehow convince Empress Sidonie to keep the Pseudo-Demigod at bay, he was confident that he and William would be able to overwhelm the Elves if they worked together.

'The problem is that I don't know the strength of the forces that Celine's disciple has,' Conner mused. 'Since they launched a preemptive strike to destroy the Teleportation Gate, that means that they have an army or something similar that is strong enough to defeat the Elven Defenders that are stationed to protect their means of calling for more reinforcements from the Silvermoon Continent.'

Conner had a feeling that even if he asked William to tell him how many forces he had under his banner, the latter would not tell him anything. If he was in the same position, Conner would have done the same. 

'I only have two choices,' Conner mused as he looked at the Anaesha Dynasty. 'Swear my allegiance to the Empress Sidonie, and have the backing of the Kraetor Empire, or stay in this Kingdom that has no hope of defeating the Elven Army.'

His subordinates, who were responsible for escorting the two Princes to the Anaesha Dynasty, had reported that the beautiful princess was now an Empress. Conner knew what that meant and it made him frown. 

'I only talked to her using a communication crystal, but it was more than enough to tell me how dangerous she is,' Conner's fists unconsciously clenched when he remembered the talk he had with Empress Sidonie. 

Conner had a nagging feeling that if he ever allied himself to the Kraetor Empire, the Young Empress would not take any chances and use her Charm Ability on him. The Leader of Deus wasn't too confident that he would be able to resist her, even if he used artifacts that would increase his resistance against Charm.

Conner laughed wryly as he rubbed his forehead with his hand. 

'If you think about it, what other choice do I have?' Conner gritted his teeth as his gaze landed on the lands of the Hellan Kingdom. After organizing his thoughts, the Leader of Deus activated the ring on his finger and relayed his order to his right-hand man Calum.


Now that he had made a decision, he would see it through no matter what the result would be. 

William focused on controlling the Flames of Purification as the ingredients inside his Yin Yang Cauldron merged together. 

Although he looked calm on the surface, he was also feeling anxious about what Conner's decision was going to be. He never thought that there would come a time when he would be forced to put aside his differences with The Organization and work towards a common goal together.

In order to not dwell on this anxiety, he decided to just increase the level of his Alchemist Job Class by concocting acid bombs for his Rainbow Bird Aerial Brigade. For now, he had only been able to create an acid that was strong enough to melt reinforced steel.

It was a far cry from what he had envisioned, but William knew that it couldn't be helped. He was only an amateur that was throwing things at the wall to see what stuck in place. 

Two minutes later, the Yin Yang Cauldron glowed indicating that the concocting process had succeeded.

< Experience Points Gained: 5,000 >

William wiped the sweat on his forehead using the back of his hand, before siphoning the newly concocted acid to small bottles that he would later distribute to the Angray Birds. The rainbow-colored birds were currently helping his forces clear the Dungeon of Atlantis.

His lovers were in the Dungeon as well because they didn't want to disturb William when he was crafting things on his own.

William had just sealed the last bottle of acid when the door of his room suddenly opened. 

Celine looked at her disheveled disciple and the bottles of acids that were neatly arranged on the floor beside him. She sniffed and her nose immediately wrinkled when she detected the foul stench of acid in the air.

"I didn't know that you also knew Alchemy," Celine said as she crossed her arms over her chest. "Is this one of those Job Classes you told me about in the past?"


William nodded as he placed all of the acid bottles inside his ring of conquest. He then used his Water Magic to clean his Yin Yang Cauldron before storing it in the ring as well.

"Is there something you need, Master?" William asked. 

He knew that Celine wouldn't come find him unless it was something important, so William focused his attention to her and waited for her answer.

"Conner contacted me a few minutes ago to tell me that he wanted to talk to you. I'm guessing that he has made his decision."

"I see. By the way, Master, what time is it?"

William had been too busy with his experiments to check the time, but he was sure a day hadn't passed since he had his meeting with the Leader of Deus.

"The clock just struck midnight," Celine replied. "Conner is someone that doesn't want to waste any time after he makes a decision. Go take a bath first before meeting him. We don't want our possible ally to change his mind because of your disheveled state."

Celine smirked before leaving the room. Although she wasn't a hundred percent certain, she had a feeling that Conner would agree to the temporary truce and join their alliance. 

William watched his Master go before he breathed a deep sigh of relief. He was hoping that Conner wouldn't wait until morning before making a decision, and it seemed that he had read the man right. 

The red-headed boy headed to the bathroom to take a bath as per his Master's wishes.

'Well then, I wonder what choice he made?' William thought as he turned the knob of the shower, allowing the cold water to sprinkle over his body. 

It was not only Conner who was at the crossroads, William was there as well. If Conner decided to ally with him then he would have no choice, but to set aside the Condition of the Titanic Trollhound, who was hellbent to have its vengeance against the man named Floyd--who was responsible for its mutation.


If Conner decided no to ally with him, but to flee then he would be forced to take full command of the Hellan Kingdom. 

In the absence of the King, The Princes, The Prime Minister, and the Commander of the First Knight Order, William automatically became the new regent of the Hellan Kingdom. Prince Ernest could have that role as well, but the Young Prince was currently at the Kyrintor Mountains, away from the conflict of the different warring factions that ravaged the land.

If possible, William wanted to let the Prince stay under the protection of Takam. That way, there would still be a chance to reclaim his right, if ever the Kingdom fell into enemy hands.




Chapter 456

The flying carriage carrying the insignia of the Angorian War Sovereign landed in Lont. three days after William and Conner finalized the conditions of their alliance, he decided to go back to his hometown to inform Prince Alaric about the details of their cooperation with Deus.

Just as he expected, Prince Alaric wasn't happy about working with The Organization who was responsible for this whole mess. However, the Crown Prince of the Zelan Dynasty also understood that it was their only chance of winning against the Elven Army.

"Very well," Prince Alaric replied. "We will travel to the City of Gladiolus to coordinate with Conner. How about you? What are you going to do?"

"I will keep on looking for allies to aid us in battle," William stated. "Although the current threat we are facing are the Elves, we still don't know what the Kraetor Empire is thinking. It is also possible that they have plans for complete dominion of the Southern Continent."

Prince Alaric sighed. This was also one of the worries in his heart. It was not only the Elves who were planning to call for reinforcements from their homeland. The Kraetor Army was doing that too. 

William and Prince Alaric shared a knowing glance at each other. It was highly possible that the Kraetor Empire was only waiting for the Hellan Kingdom, and the Elves, to exhaust each other before they moved in for the kill.

They were currently in an advantageous position and once they made their move, it would send waves rolling in every direction.

"How resilient are you against Charm?" Prince Alaric suddenly inquired out of the blue.

William smirked because he already knew what the Crown Prince was thinking. "You want me to visit Empress Sidonie and ask her for help?"

Prince Alaric nodded. "As fellow Humans, it is only natural to unite against the threat of a different race. If we can get her aid to wipe out the Elven Army then it would still be a victory on our side."

The Crown Prince was about to say more when he suddenly remembered that William was not a fellow Human and was considered to be a member of a different race. 

"Cousin, I apologize if I have offended you." Prince Alaric hurriedly apologized because he had forgotten that William was a Half-Elf and not part of the Human Race. "It was not my intention to include you in the race that I want to be wiped out."


William waved his hand in a casual manner because he understood what Prince Alaric was trying to say. 

"There's no need to apologize," William replied. "About your proposal, I think it is also a good idea to visit Empress Sidonie. This way, we will know if she is hostile towards us or not."

Prince Alaric nodded his head. It was better to know who their enemies were. Although both teenagers didn't want the Kraetor Empire to become their enemy, they had to prepare for this possibility as well.

'Should I take one for the team and give the Empress my babies?' William thought seriously. 'If I could get her help then I am willing to make this sacrifice.'

If Prince Lionel and Prince Jason could hear William's thoughts, both of them would join hands to beat the crap out of the red-headed boy and feed his remains to the fishes. 

They would refuse to believe that their beloved Empress would extend her help to William if the latter agreed to give her his babies. In fact, they would definitely hack him to pieces before the Half-Elf could even touch a strand of her hair.

Meanwhile in the Northern Regions of the Zelan Dynasty, an important meeting was taking place.

"Only the Myriad Ant Queen of the Anaesha Dynasty could have commanded the Warrior Ants to attack the Teleportation Gate," Elandorr said with conviction. "Right now, they are the greatest threat that we are currently facing."

The Elders of the different clans, who had accompanied Elandorr on this mission, nodded their heads in agreement. Alessio, who was the leader of Deus in the Silvermoon Continent was also in the meeting and quietly listened to the conversation. 

The meeting was being held in an open place because The Qilin, Eneru, as well as the Ancient Golem, Drauum, were also there to participate.

Drauum had already informed them that it could sense the presence of powerful beasts in the direction of the Anaesha Dynasty that had the ranks of Myriad Beasts and above. What greatly alarmed Elandorr and the officers of the Elven Army was that Drauum concluded that there were more than three of them.

"Three is the minimum and five is the maximum."


These were the words that Drauum had said when someone in the meeting proposed that they attacked the Anaesha Dynasty with the help of their Guardians.

Although Drauum was strong, it was not too keen about fighting two factions at once. Although Jekyll was weaker than it, the Taotie wasn't a pushover. Drauum knew that if it forced Jekyll into a corner, the latter would throw caution to the wind and fight back with everything he had.

As one of the Four Evils, a desperate Jekyll was not someone that Drauum would want to face. Drauum knew that the Taotie would risk his life to devour him, or die trying. The Ancient Golem was not confident that it would be able to escape if Jekyll decided to bring it down with him no matter what.

"Your Excellency Eneru, Your Excellency Drauum, is it possible for us to launch an attack on the Hellan Kingdom with our current forces?" Elandorr asked.

The Qilin snorted as he looked down on the young Elf with contempt before glancing at Drauum who was seated on top of a large boulder. 

"We can, but I will advise against it," Drauum replied. "If we leave the Zelan Dynasty, the Kraetor Army will move in to conquer it. It is also possible that they will ignore conquering the Zelan Dynasty completely, and cooperate with the Hellan Kingdom to trap us in a Pincer Attack."

Elandorr bit his lip helplessly. He had already witnessed William's battle abilities and he had no choice but to admit that he fell short of the Half-Elf who was also the son of their Saintess. Also, what truly made him despair was that his connection with his Beast Companion had been severed.

It could only mean that the Silver Dragon, Deoldreoss, that was given to him by the Patriarch of their Clan had been killed. 

Back in the Silvermoon Continent, Elandorr was envied by his peers, not only because he was strong, but also because of the Silver Dragon that had become his Beast Companion. 

Now that he had tasted the bitter taste of defeat in William's hands, the commander of the Elven expedition finally understood that he couldn't underestimate his opponents. Although William was a disgrace to their race, he was still Half an Elf, which gave him racial advantages as well.

Half-Elfs were beings who had the best of both worlds. They were born with the best traits of both of their parents, making them far superior than a normal Human and, at times, more powerful than an Elf.

Elandorr didn't believe this in the past, but now he believed it. His greatest wish was to personally step on William's dead boy and spit on his face. 


This was the only way that he could rid himself of the humiliation that he suffered in the Half-Elf's hands.

"Then, what should we do now?" Elandorr asked after reigning in his emotions. "Should we hole ourselves up in Briar Glen until a new Teleportation Gate has been built?"

Although it was shameful, this was the only course of action that would allow them to preserve their forces while waiting for reinforcements.

The Elders were unhappy with Elandorr's proposal, but they also knew that this was the best course of action for now.

Being attacked by the forces of the Hellan Kingdom and the Kraetor Army would be too much for them to handle.

"Building the Teleportation Gate is something that has to be done," Drauum replied. "I will personally oversee its construction and make sure that the last incident will never happen again. As for what you should be doing next, isn't that already obvious?"

Elandorr clenched his fist as he reluctantly nodded his head. 

There was only one thing they could do and that was to negotiate with the Kraetor Empire. Only by doing so would they be able to build their Teleportation Gate safely and bring in the reinforcements that were waiting in their homeland.

As for the price that they would have to pay for such an agreement, Elandorr didn't know. All he knew was that he needed to do his best to negotiate with whoever was in charge of the Kraetor Empire. This was why he was chosen to lead the Elven Expedition and bring glory to their Clans. 

He needed to endure the humiliation until the Teleportation Gate was completed.

That is the only way that he could ensure that the mission that was handed to him by his Patriarch would be carried out without fail.

For that to happen, Elandorr was willing to do anything, with the exception of bowing his head to the race whom he hated the most in his life.


He would rather die than bow to the filthy Humans that used their race as slaves. A race that they used to warm their bed, do their bidding, and breed the filthy Half-Elves that were a stain on their pure and noble bloodline. 




Chapter 457

Empress Sidonie looked at the capital of the Anaesha Dynasty from the balcony of her room. So far, everything had been moving smoothly and in accordance with her plans. If she wished for it, she could give an order to attack the Elves and she would win without fail. 

However, she didn't wish for that.

"I do not wish for dominion… is it?" Empress Sidonie muttered as she remembered the red-headed boy who had refused her offer to make him the Sovereign of the entire continent. 

She had stared straight into his eyes when he said that, and only a pair of beautiful clear, green eyes, with her own reflection on them stared back at her.

There was no falsehood in William's words, only genuine sincerity. Also, when she saw herself in his eyes, when she saw that he was looking at her, and only her, she wasn't able to stop her heart from skipping a beat.

< Back then, you wouldn't say these words, Sidonie. You have changed. >

'I'm not the only one who changed. You did as well, right, Big Sister?'

< Well, I guess this is what they call growing up. Still, we sure have the favor of Advantage. Are you sure you don't want to serve the continent to our darling on a silver platter? >

Empress Sidonie shook her head. Giving over the control of the continent might solve William's problems, and make him happy, but it will not make him love her. He would feel gratitude, yes, and she could guilt trip him, and she could probably succeed, but what of it?

In the end, she would only feel hollow and empty inside. 

"It's funny," Empress Sidonie said as she faced Morgana inside their shared Mindscape. "I could literally pick any man in this continent, and perhaps the entire world, and all of them would happily open their heart to me. 

"They would say they love me. They would offer me the moon, and the stars, just to show me how much they love me, and yet… I can't even make a shepherd my lover. Isn't that ironic?"

< Yes. It's the biggest joke ever. If our Charm had only worked on Darling then I would have already tied him on the bed and… >

Empress Sidonie could only shake her head, because she could already guess what Morgana was thinking of doing to William. Of course, she would be lying if she said that she wasn't curious. However, since they shared the same body, she had to set certain rules so that her other half wouldn't get carried away and do things that they might regret in the future.


< Sidonie. I may not be as smart as you, but the way I see it, the Elves, Conner, and probably Darling have no choice but to seek an audience with you, in order to negotiate. What will you do when that time comes? >

Sidonie nodded because she had also thought of this. Since she was the one with the bigger share of the pie, and a strong army behind her back, the one that would decide the outcome of this war was her, and only her.

With a wave of her hand, cities would be trampled. With a smile, a nation would fall to ruin. This was the power she possessed, and yet, she, too, didn't want dominion.

In the past, she dreamed of being the sole ruler of the Southern Continent, but now, her goal was different.

What she wanted now was love.

Love that would melt her heart and make her the happiest woman in the world.

A love that would make her feel complete… and a love that could sate her Sin.

A Sin that knew no bounds.

No boundaries.

A sin that could bring the world to ruin.

"They said that behind every great man is a great woman," Sidonie said softly. "However, the person we chose isn't someone great."

< Yes. He's not that great. >

"He's arrogant and a narcissist. These are the people I hate the most."

< That's right. We hate people like this the most. >


Empress Sidonie smiled as she looked in the West, where the sun was supposed to set. However, due to the dark clouds that hung in the sky, she had almost forgotten how beautiful a sunset was. 

The most beautiful lady in the continent sighed. What she planned to do was difficult, and the rewards were uncertain. However, she was sure of one thing.

"All is fair in love and war," Empress Sidonie said. "In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity."

< Sidonie. Whatever route you choose, I will always be on your side. >

"Thank you, Big Sister."

Night came, and the countless stars twinkled in the sky. The two moons of Hestia cast their light upon the world, and yet, within the Southern Continent, their beauty couldn't be seen. 

One by one, the lights, powered by magic crystals, illuminated the city. They were like small candles in the night. Candles whose light would disappear, as long as she wished for it. 

Two flying carriages soared in the sky. They were being pulled by two green dragons of the Centennial Rank. In front of these two dragons was the Qilin, Eneru. 

They had just left the capital of Briar Glen and were now headed towards the Anaesha Dynasty. 

Elandorr and Alessio brought six of their trusted subordinates to accompany them on this journey to Veritas, the capital city of the Anaesha Dynasty. 

They were the envoy of the Elven Race who would negotiate with Empress Sidonie in order to reach a compromise. 

Only a handful of people knew that Alessio was the leader of The Organization, Deus, in their continent, and among those individuals was Elandorr's Patriarch. 

Elandorr had made Alessio his adviser in this expedition, so the latter also enjoyed the limelight in the Elven Army. The reason why he accompanied Elandorr in this mission was due to his counterpart, Berthold, who was also a big shot in the Kraetor Empire.

He was afraid that if he didn't accompany Elandorr in this mission, Berthold would make his move and put the Elves at a disadvantage. There was also the threat of the young Empress using her Charm on Elandorr.


They had already brought several artifacts that would prevent them from getting Charmed. There were also Elves that had this unique power, so they had developed ways on how to deal with it.

Eneru came with them as insurance that the Kraetor Empire wouldn't do anything funny. Although the Qilin was weaker than the Ancient Golem, that didn't mean that he was not powerful in his own right.

Also, Eneru had the unique ability that could instantly teleport all of them away as a last resort. A Myriad Beast couldn't be charmed so easily. The Ant Queen was only charmed by Sidonie due to the side effects of the Continental Spell that descended upon the land.

If not for it, Empress Sidonie wouldn't have been able to charm it as easily as she did.

"Remember, do not act arrogant in front of her," Alessio advised. "We are the one seeking a compromise, so you'd better control your temper, Lord Elandorr."

"Thank you for your reminder, Sir Alessio," Elandorr replied. "I will play my part well. Even though bowing my head to a Human makes my skin crawl, I will do it for the sake of the bigger picture."

"Good." Alessio nodded. "As long as you understand."

The two flying carriages travelled swiftly, but it would still take them a week to arrive at their destination. 

Meanwhile, a four-tailed fox landed on the ground, a few miles away from Lont. riding on its back was a delicate looking boy, who seemed ill suited to traveling alone at night.

"Let's rest here for the night, Luna," Kenneth said as he dismounted his loyal companion. "I will go alone to Lont when morning comes."

The Black Fox nuzzled its partner. "I understand. I will remain with you until morning, to make sure that you will be able to rest properly. We have been traveling for days, and I know that you're very tired."

"Thank you."

"You're welcome."

Kenneth brushed the side of Luna's face as the image of William, doing the same to Ella, appeared inside his mind.


"It's been so long since I saw you, Will," Kenneth said softly. "I pray that you're doing fine."




Chapter 458

"We can't do that." William shook his head firmly.

"Why not?" Kasogonaga tapped its small foot on the ground. "It's the perfect plan."

The beautiful Elf, who was seated beside William, nodded her head in agreement with Kasogonaga's plan.

"I also think this is a good plan," Celine said with a smile. "As long as Kasogonaga captures the Myriad Ant Queen, that young Empress would be willing to compromise."

"No, Master," William once again shook his head. "If we do that, we will lose any chance of reaching an agreement with her. Also, that will not make us any different from The Organization who tried to kidnap Big Brother Matthew and Eve, in an attempt to use them as leverage. I don't approve of this plan."

The three were currently having a casual meeting in the Thousand Beast Domain while William made healing potions using the herbs that were gathered inside the Dungeon of Atlantis and the sap of the Dragon Blood Tree. 

< Experience Points Gained: 500 >

While William busied himself in dividing the mixture into several bottle containers, Kasogonaga once again proposed something.

"Then let's just ally with them and crush the Elves together," Kasogonaga proposed. "This is a good alternative, no?"

William nodded his head. This was why he had decided to travel to the Anaesha Dynasty to talk with Empress Sidonie. Right now, they had just landed on the ground to take a short break. 

After eating their lunch, William ordered Dave and Lionheart to rest for three hours before they continued their journey. It was not easy to take long journeys, even when one was flying in the sky.


While Dave and his Beast Companion, Lionheart, rested, William returned to the Thousand Beast Domain to craft potions. Est, Ashe, Wendy, Isaac, and Conrad returned to clearing the Dungeon, while Celine decided to check on how good William was in doing Alchemy.

Kasogonaga saw the two near the Dragon Blood Trees, so it decided to have a short chat with them to pass the time. 

However, due to the purpose of their journey, the small chat transformed into a strategy meeting with Kasogonaga proposing that they kidnap the Myriad Ant Queen and use it as a hostage to force Empress Sidonie to cooperate.

William knew that the Kasogonaga was only half serious in planning to kidnap the Ant Queen. What it really wanted to do was to eat the Ant Queen, so that it could increase its rank in the fastest way possible.

"How long before we arrive at the City of Veritas?" Celine inquired.

"If we continue our pace, it will take us three more days," William replied as he once again threw the herbs inside the Yin Yang Cauldron to make another batch of healing potions. 

Celine nodded her head as she watched William use the Flames of Purification to start his Alchemy. 

"Will, do you have some kind of plan to convince Empress Sidonie to join our side?" 

"I don't have any concrete plans in mind. If worse comes to worst, I'll just give her my babies."

""Huh?!""

Celine and Kasogonaga both looked at William with dumbfounded expressions on their faces. They didn't understand what the red-headed boy meant when he said that he would give the Empress his babies.


"I'm just joking." William chuckled as he controlled the power of his flames. "To be honest, I don't know what kind of reception we will get from the Empress. I just hope she doesn't hold a grudge against me because of what I said before the two of us parted."

"What did you two talked about?" Kasogonaga inquired. 

It had seen the Princess before she became an Empress. Kasogonaga was a deity that once stood on the side of Humans during the Era of the Gods. Because of this, it had learned a few things from the Humans and among them was forming good relationships with each other.

"She wanted to know what Love is," William replied. "I said, I cannot give her what she wanted."

The image of the beautiful Princess flashed inside his head. He could still remember how Princess Sidonie looked at him with a pleading gaze, and yet, he chose to turn her down because he felt that he couldn't return her feelings.

"Eh? Isn't love just Mating?" Kasogonaga tilted its head to the side. "You Humans procreate all the time. What's the big deal about making her your partner? Ah, I keep forgetting that you are a Half-Elf. Still, didn't the Human part of you feel anything about her? Based on Human standards, she's quite beautiful, right?"

Celine who was just quietly listening to the side eyed William with a calm expression. She had already found out that, aside from Wendy, Ashe and Est were also her Disciple's lovers.

The beautiful Elf was also shocked when she found out that William's first friends were not real boys, but girls who had been cursed by a Goddess. 

When William showed Celine the gem embedded in his chest, as well as the story behind it, her impression of Ashe grew by a good margin. She had heard that when Mermaids give someone half of their heart, it meant that they had chosen that person to be their partner for life.

Although the circumstances behind it were complicated, it didn't change the fact that Ashe didn't hesitate to save William during his time of need. This was more than enough for Celine to approve of her as her Disciple's lover.

To be honest, Celine felt that William was growing too fast. Not only in strength, but his outlook toward life as well.


'A baby bird can't stay in its parent's nest for the rest of its life,' Celine thought. Somehow, she felt a little sad because she felt that William was moving farther away from her. 

Perhaps, in the next few years, the boy would go on an adventure, where he would be away for several years before they saw each other again.

'This is the natural order of things.' Celine sighed, but there was nothing she could do about it. 'This is how it should be.'

She had one last lesson to teach William, but that would have to wait until he had come of age. After that, Celine would leave Lont, and go to the Demon Continent to visit her Master. It had been many years since she last saw her and Celine missed her terribly.

Celine's mother had died when she was still very young. The one who played the role of her mother was none other than the notorious Ugly Hag that lived in the most seclusive region of the Demonic Lands. 

The only reason why Celine had postponed her trip was due to her having a Disciple of her own. She would not leave William until he had come of age, and imparted to him the secrets of those who wield True Dark Magic.

'For that to happen, he needed to survive the war first,' Celine mused.

William and Conner had made a temporary alliance in order to fight against the Elven Army. Conner would be responsible for strengthening the defenses of the kingdom in preparation for war, while William would look for other potential allies to help them resist the Elven Invasion.

The red-headed boy had already informed Conner about his mission to visit the Anaesha Dynasty and the latter only gave him a smile as if he had already expected that William would do this.

Conner had already established in his mind that William and Empress Sidonie were in cahoots with each other, and simply kept this a secret in order to fool him and the Elven Army. Calum agreed with him on this point, but decided to not expose his secret.

The Leader of Deus believed that even if the Kraetor Empire didn't extend their hands to help them vanquish the Elves, they wouldn't attack the Hellan Kingdom either. 


This was the reason why Conner was adamant about making William his ally. As long as the red-headed boy was on his side, he could focus all of his attention in the faceoff against the Elves.

Although the two Guardian Beasts were powerful, they were not invincible. As long as there was a chance, Conner would seize it with both hands. Just like he did many years ago when he became the Leader of Deus in the Southern Continent.




Chapter 459

A few days later, the Elven Envoy arrived at the Capital of the Anaesha Dynasty, Veritas. Since they were the ones seeking an audience, the Elves had curbed their arrogance. Even Eneru, didn't make too much fuss because he could sense several presences that were in the same league as him.

"You may proceed." The Kraetor Guard stationed at the city gate gave them the go signal after communicating with his superiors, who were already waiting for the envoy to arrive. 

The Qilin and the two flying carriages were led towards the palace by four escorts mounted on flying ants. 

After landing in their designated area, The Qilin, Eneru, transformed into a white-haired man, who seemed to be in his early thirties. As a Mythical Beast, he had the ability to take on humanoid form, just like Jekyll. 

Elandorr, and Alessio, led the way, while Eneru walked in the rear. It was the formation that they had agreed upon beforehand, just in case something unexpected happened during their mission.

It didn't take long before they arrived at the doors of the throne room where the Young Empress was waiting for them. Elandorr stepped forward with confidence as the guards guarding the door pushed it open.

The moment his eyes landed on the Young Empress, the Commander of the Elves felt his heart shudder. The artifacts he was wearing were already activated, and yet, he was barely able to resist the gaze of the young lady who was looking down at him with a teasing smile.

A light cough broke him out of his daze, as Eneru unleashed some of his aura, to shield Elandorr, as well as the rest of the Elves from Sidonie's Charm.

'That was close!' Elandorr gasped internally as he tried to forcefully calm the beating of his heart. 'This woman is dangerous!'

Elandorr had to admit that even without the power of her Charm, he couldn't stop himself from being attracted to the beautiful lady in front of him. The rumor of the Young Empress being extremely beautiful was already well-known to them.


However, knowing and seeing her in the flesh was completely different. Elandorr knew that even if he hated Humans to the bone, he wouldn't mind making an exception, and make Empress Sidonie his woman.

"Greetings, travelers who came from far away lands," Empress Sidonie said with a smile. Her soft and silky voice once again made Elandorr's heart tremble. The Commander of the Elves still had a calm expression on his face, but inside, his emotions were a mess.

"Although we have traveled many miles to get here, your smile alone made the trip worth it, Your Majesty," Elandorr replied as he gave a brief bow. 

Empress Sidonie's smile widened as she gave Elandorr a slight nod. She then leaned on her throne as she waited for the Elves to state their reason for their visit.

< Oh my, the Elves sure live up to their reputation for being good looking. This specimen is not bad. Although he still falls short compared to Darling, he will make a good pet that I can rest my foot on. >

'Didn't you say the same thing about Prince Lionel a few days ago?'

< Sidonie, humans have two legs. Having two footstools is perfectly acceptable. One for the left, the other for the right. >

'Then how about my cousin, Prince Jason?' Empress Sidonie inquired.

< Him? Well, I guess he can be a good chair that we can sit on. With the looks he has been giving you, I'm sure that he is nearing his limit. Too bad, the one we plan to have first dibs on us is none other than Darling. >

Empress Sidonie and Morgana looked at the Elven Envoy with great interest. They already knew that the good looking guy with white hair was the Qilin of the Silvermoon Continent. Aside from him, there was also one adult in the group of teenage boys and girls who were looking at Sidonie with varied expressions.


"Your Majesty, I am the Commander of the Elven expedition here in the Southern Continent. Our reason for our visit is to seek an alliance with you," Elandorr said in a voice that reeked of honey. "The two of us don't have to fight each other, we can split the Southern Continent in half and become good neighbors with each other."

"Good neighbors?" Empress Sidonie raised an eyebrow. "I like having good neighbors. However, why would I settle to having neighbors when I can have the entire continent as my property?"

Elandorr smiled as he appraised the Young Empress' bearings. He had been trained to look for the tell-tale signs that he could exploit during negotiations. So far, he hadn't seen any openings in Empress Sidonie's posture or words that she had directed at him.

"Uniting the land under one banner is good, but can the Kraetor Empire really do that?" Elandorr questioned. "The moment the Continental Spell loses its effect, the barrier that prevented the other forces from advancing here will collapse. By then, several strong factions from the Central Continent will arrive and stake their claim in these lands as well."

Elandorr paused as he scanned the officers of the Kraetor Empire who were also present inside the throne room. 

"The Kraetor Empire alone will not be able to stop their advance. However, if we become allies, we can work together to protect our domains," Elandor stated. "If we work hand in hand then this land is as good as ours. How about it, Your Majesty?"

Empress Sidonie nodded her head in agreement. A day before the Elven Delegation arrived, they had a high level meeting at the palace and discussed the future plans of the Kraetor Empire.

Prince Jason, Berthold, as well as the other High-Ranking officers of the Kraetor Empire had urged Empress Sidonie to conquer all the lands of the Southern Continent. 

(A/N: Just in case some of you may have forgotten, Berthold is the leader of the Organization that is stationed at the Kraetor Empire.)

The Young Empress listened to their proposal, but still shook her head in the end. The reason? It is because they would not be able to retain these lands once the Continental Spell lost its effect.


Just as Elandorr had said, it would be impossible for the other forces in the Central Continent to remain quiet. They would definitely feel the itch to try and grab some of the lands that belonged to the Kraetor Empire.

The worst case scenario was for these factions to band together to form an alliance. Although the Kraetor Empire was strong, it was only one of the strong factions within the Central Continent.

They, too, had enemies that would love to make things difficult for them. If these enemies had found out that an entire continent had become their property of the Kraetor Empire, they would face the united opposition of the factions that considered them an eyesore.

Due to Empress Sidonie's wake up call, Prince Jason, Berthold, as well as the officers of the Kraetor Army, realized that they had not thought about the aftermath that would follow when the Continental Spell lost its effect.

True, they might have united the entire Southern Continent under their banner, but the repercussions they would receive afterwards were something that they might not be able to brush off like a passing breeze.

Empress Sidonie covered her lips and gave an angelic chuckle that made the Elves who had sensitive hearing almost prostrate themselves in front of her. If not for the constant aura that Eneru had been releasing to protect them, the Elven Delegation would have already succumbed to the Young Empress' charm.

"What happens after the Continental Spell loses its effects is of no concern for me and the Kraetor Empire," Empress Sidonie replied. "We will cross that bridge when we get there. Commander Elandorr, tell me, are you confident that you will still be alive to see that day happen?"

Empress Sidonie's statement was like a Guillotine Blade that hung over the Elven Delegation's head. 

It was true that after the Continental Spell lost its effect, the other forces in the Central Continent would also make their moves. However, that was still a few years away from happening. At the present time, Empress Sidonie could conquer the lands and unite them under one banner because she had the strength to do so.

Elandorr understood that for that to happen, the Kraetor Empire would have to deal with them first. And frankly, he wasn't confident that their army would be able to endure her army's beating. 


They had already lost thousands of Elves under William's hand and more were lost under the surprise attack that was aimed at their Teleportation Gate. If not for the fact that the Archmage guarding the Teleportation Gate had reacted in time and called for help, Eneru and Drauum wouldn't have arrived to turn the tide in their favor.

Elandorr stared straight at the eyes of the beautiful Empress who was looking down on him with disdain. 

He knew that if he couldn't convince her into becoming their ally then their desire to conquer the Southern Lands would meet its end.




Chapter 460

"There's no need for us to be hostile to each other, Your Majesty," Alessio stepped forward. "Like what our Commander has said, we came here to seek an alliance. Naturally, we are willing to agree to certain conditions and pay proper compensation to make this a reality."

Alessio gave Berthold a side-long glance before shifting his attention back to the Young Empress who had the entire negotiation under her thumb. He felt irate about the fact that he had to act submissive in front of Humans, but this had to be done in order for his race to have a chance at survival.

"Your Majesty, do you desire something?" Alessio inquired. "Something you want the most in the world? Perhaps we can help you acquire it."

"Are you confident that you can give me what I want?" Empress Sidonie answered. She was half tempted to tell them what Morgana had whispered to her inside their shared mindscape, and that was to bring a certain red-headed shepherd to her, all tied up, and ready for some whip lashing.

This thought almost made her laugh out loud, but she managed to hide it well by giggling like a little girl that was about to receive a present from her parents.

Elandorr sucked in a deep breath as Sidonie's giggle passed through his ears. He was starting to doubt if the artifacts he brought along to counter Charm were working, because the Young Empress' simple gestures were enough to make his heart skip a beat.

"Of course," Alessio nodded. "We are more than capable of making this happen. Tell me, Your Majesty, what is it that you want the most?"

Before Empress Sidonie could even answer, the doors of the throne room opened wide.

A handsome, red-headed boy, swaggered inside with a dazzling smile on his face. 

Everyone in the throne room looked at the new arrival with curiosity.


Elandorr's face broke out into an expression of anger when he recognized the boy that had appeared in front of him.

The Corner of Sidonie's lips curled up into a smirk as she gazed at the Shepherd who had rejected her not once, but twice. 

Morgana, who was looking through Sidonie's eyes, was half tempted to take over her other half's body, and order the Elves to knock William unconscious, so that she could tie him up on her bed. 

"You! What are you doing here?!" Elandorr roared in anger. 

His weapons had been confiscated before entering the throne room, so he could only glare hatefully at the Half-Elf who was not even paying any attention to him.

Alessio raised an eyebrow as he appraised the Half-Elf in front of him. He had already heard of William's existence because Alessio had exposed his identity in the meeting they held before coming to the Anaesha Dynasty.

'So, he is the son of the Saintess as well as that Human Hero, Maxwell,' Alessio mused as he eyed William from head to foot. 'He has his mother's eyes and that man's distinctive red hair.'

Alessio glanced at the seething Elandorr by his side before shifting back his attention to William who had his arms crossed over his chest, and was looking at Empress Sidonie with a fearless gaze.

"Well, this is an unexpected surprise," Empress Sidonie said in a mischievous tone. "To what do I owe the pleasure of having Sir William personally come for a visit?"

Elandorr's expression paled when he heard the subtle happiness in the Young Empress tone. With this alone, he could tell that William and Empress Sidonie knew each other and seemed to be on good terms as well.


Prince Jason also didn't miss this subtle change in his cousin's tone and directed his attention to the handsome Half-Elf who was now busy looking at a hand mirror while combing his hair. If not for the fact that he had an image to maintain, he might have already grabbed the mirror from the boy's hand and smashed it on his face.

The Grand Archmage, who was standing beside Sidonie's throne, glanced at the Young Empress before staring at the red-headed boy who had stolen the limelight. His curiosity was instantly piqued because he had been paying attention to Empress Sidonie since she had arrived in the Kingdom of Freesia.

Although Empress Sidonie hid it well, she was unable to conceal it from the Grand Archmage who had already seen many things in his lifetime. 

This was the first time he had seen the Young Empress struggle to contain her emotions when looking at a person. It was fairly easy for him to know that the Half-Elf in front of them was not someone ordinary in Empress Sidonie's heart.

After making sure that his hair was properly combed, William faced Empress Sidonie and gave her a princely smile that made Morgana squeal inside their shared Mindscape. 

"Your Majesty, I have come to seek an alliance with you," William said in a suave voice that made everyone in the throne room want to drown him in their spit.

"Interesting," Empress Sidonie replied. "The Elven Delegation has also said the same thing. They are even offering to give me what I want. How about you, Sir William? What can you offer me in exchange for an alliance?"

Elandorr sneered because he was confident that the hateful half breed wouldn't be able to meet the Empress' condition. 

William looked mildly surprised as he glanced at the Elves who were looking at him with a glare.

"What? These long eared bastards promised to give you what you wanted?" William asked with a dumbfounded expression. "Can they even do that? I think not."


'You are also a long eared bastard,' Empress Sidonie cursed William inside her heart.

< You are also a long eared bastard, but I still love you, Darling! >

The Elves looked at William in contempt. They were very close to ganging up on him to erase the smug smile on William's face.

"What do you mean that we can't meet Empress Sidonie's demands?" Elandorr challenged. "You are just a filthy half breed whose only good point is being born as the son of our Saintess!"

Due to his hatred towards the Half-Elf, Elandorr wasn't able to stop himself from exposing his identity. 

Empress Sidonie, Morgana, The Grand Archmage, Prince Jason, as well as several officers of the Kraetor Empire now looked at William in a different light. They have heard about the Saintess of the Elves that watched over the World Tree, but none of them knew that she had a son, and a Half-Elf to boot!

William shrugged as if Elandorr's revelation wasn't a big deal to him. He didn't mind others knowing about who his mother was. 

The reason he came here was to negotiate with Empress Sidonie, not to discuss his heritage in public.

"Empress Sidonie, I am willing to give you what you want in order for you to ally yourself with the Hellan Kingdom," William said with a determined look on his face. "I am willing to give you… 

"My babies!"


The entire throne room became eerily quiet before exploding into a commotion. Prince Lionel, and Prince Jason, had already unsheathed their weapons as they stared at William with bloodshot eyes.

Elandorr, Alessio, and even Eneru, couldn't wrap their heads around why William would say something so vulgar, in front of the beautiful Empress who could decide the Fate of the entire Southern Continent. 

If this wasn't courting death then what William was asking for was a one-sided beating from the young men and women who adored Empress Sidonie from the bottom of their hearts. 




Chapter 461

"Empress Sidonie, I am willing to give you what you want in order for you to ally yourself with the Hellan Kingdom," William said with a determined look on his face. "I am willing to give you… 

"My babies!"

< Deal! >

'No Deal!' 

Empress Sidonie used all of her willpower as if her life depended on it, to prevent her other half from taking over her body and accepting William's offer. 

She would die of embarrassment if Morgana agreed to William's offer, using her own body and voice to seal the deal. 

< Sidonie, listen to me. This is it! This is what we are waiting for! >

'This is not what I want! This is what you Want!'

< You and I share the same body. There's only a thin line between Love and Lust. As long as we do the deed, Darling is ours for the taking! >

'No means no!'

While the two beautiful ladies were wrestling with each other in their shared mindscape, the outside world had already broken out into chaos.

Because Empress Sidonie was currently preoccupied with her other half, her beautiful face was mired with a frown as she looked at William, who was also looking back at her.

Seeing that their Empress was frowning, Prince Jason, Prince Lionel, as well as the Young Officers all thought that she felt insulted by William's words. This gave them the excuse to gang up on William and beat him up to a pulp.

However, before any of them could even enact their plan, the Grand Archmage snapped his finger and a powerful gust of wind pushed the two Princes, as well as the Young Officers a few steps back from their location.

"This is a throne room, not a marketplace where all of you can brawl to your heart's content," The Grand Archmage, Evexius, said firmly. He then addressed the Young Empress who was still looking at William with a frown. 


(A/N: You can read the Archmage's name as Eh-Vex-Sus or something similar to this tone. Don't read it as Eve-Zeus.)

"Your Majesty, the representative of the Hellan Kingdom, has insulted you. How should we deal with him?" Evexius inquired. 

Empress Sidonie had just finished tying up Morgana inside their mindscape to prevent her from taking over her body when she heard Evexius' query. She immediately shifted her attention back to the throne room as she gave William a look of contempt.

"That was a funny joke, Sir William," Empress Sidonie stated in an ice cold voice that made the hearts of those who love her shudder. "I am not a loose woman. I would appreciate it if you don't mention those things again in the future. Otherwise… I will make you pay the price for insulting me."

William pressed his palms together and bowed his head in apology. "I apologize for my crude words, Your Majesty. It will refrain from saying the same things again in the future."

The red-headed boy was only half joking when he gave his proposal. He had a hunch since their time together in Antheilm that Empress Sidonie seemed to have a split personality. The reason he mentioned that he would give her his babies was to confirm whether this hunch of his was correct.

William wanted to know if he was dealing with a single person, or two people sharing the same body. He came from Earth, so he was aware that such conditions existed. The Half-Elf hoped that Empress Sidonie's other personality would overpower the main personality and agree to his request.

This way, the problem would be resolved without the need for bloodshed. Unfortunately, it seemed that his gamble didn't pay off and only earned him the ire of the Young Empress' dominant personality.

'Now we are back to square one,' William thought as he eyed Empress Sidonie with a smile.

The throne room descended into an awkward silence because no one wanted to break the ice.

Eneru, who was standing behind the elven delegation, made a subtle hand seal that no one in the throne room noticed. 

His plan was to finish off William because he felt threatened by his existence. The red-headed boy's mere presence was enough to make Eneru feel suppressed. He had already confirmed that the boy was a Scion of a God whom their race had once hailed as their Eternal Guardian. 

Due to the Qilin's strong desire for freedom, he rebelled against the God of Shepherds and refused to obey his command. Because of this, their race was branded with a curse where they would be suppressed by the presence of those who served under him.

This curse was powerful enough to decrease their rank by one realm, which would make Eneru's strength fall to the Millennial Rank whenever William was around. 

A Millennial Beast and a Myriad Beast were completely different from each other. Eneru decided to dispose of William because he was a threat to his life and sovereignty. 


Suddenly, a snake made out of lightning materialized in front of William and lunged at him. Everything happened so fast that no one in the throne room was able to react on time to the sudden attack that came out of nowhere.

When the snake was mere inches away from William's neck, the red-headed boy lowered his head and… bit the head of the lightning snake!

This sudden development made everyone in the throne room look at William in disbelief. 

William ignored their gazes and grabbed the wriggling snake, which was doing its best to break free from his mouth. 

A crisp crunching sound that was similar to someone eating potato chips resounded inside the hall as William ate, and chewed the lightning snake's head like it was some kind of snack. 

After eating its head, he then proceeds to eat the rest of its body like a pretzel. 

< Experience Points Gained: 10,000 >

William burped as he glanced at Eneru who was looking back at him as if he was looking at a monster. 

"Can you make a bigger snake?" William inquired as he smacked his lips in satisfaction. He was looking at Eneru as if the latter was a Seven-Starred Michelin Chef from a famous restaurant. The Half-Elf was also very tempted to seize and capture Eneru, but he knew that the Qilin was not someone that would go down easily.

Although his rank was suppressed, he had stayed in the Myriad Rank for hundreds of years and was a veteran when it came to life and death battles.

The people inside the throne room felt their liver itch when the red-headed boy ate the lightning snake as if it was a delicious snack. 

Prince Jason frowned because this was the first time he had seen someone accomplish such a feat. He even wondered if what William ate wasn't really a lightning snake, but an illusion that Eneru had made on a whim. 

Prince Lionel had a dumbfounded look on his face as he stared at William as if he was some kind of rare creature. He had already investigated many things about him, but the information he got didn't tell him that he was capable of eating lightning!

The Grand Archmage Evexius rubbed his chin as he contemplated whether or not he should also try eating one of the Qilin's Lightning Snakes to see if it was really as delicious as the boy proclaimed it to be. 

The one that was surprised the most was Eneru, who was responsible for making the snake materialize and attack William. He thought that what had happened during Jekyll's escape was just a fluke, but it seemed that not only was the Half-Elf able to suppress his rank, his power was also ineffective against him as well!


While everyone was staring at William with bewildered expressions, there was someone inside the throne room who was not amused by the attempted murder of the person she secretly loved. 

"You dare attack a guest of my Empire inside my throne room?" Empress Sidonie said in a tone laced with killing intent. "You dare look down upon my presence?"

Her heart almost jumped out of her throat when she saw the lightning snake lunge to bite William's neck. 

Morgana who was currently tied up inside her Mindscape screamed in anger, and her anger was Sidonie's anger as well. For someone to attack the one she loved in her presence was tantamount to stepping on her pride and dignity.

Her eyes glowed with power as the power of her Sin broke out from her body. Elandorr and the rest of the Elves had to use all of their willpower to prevent themselves from being Charmed by her powers

Eneru immediately unleashed a stronger Aura to shield the Elves from the overwhelming power that flowed out of the Young Empress' body like a flood. 

"You disappoint me, Eneru," a man who seemed to be in his late twenties appeared beside the last step, leading to the Empress Sidonie's throne with his arms crossed over his chest. "How could you sneak attack a junior like that? Don't you have any pride as a Myriad Beast?"

The man had broad shoulders, muscular arms and a heavy torso that seemed to have limitless strength. He looked at Eneru in disgust and his disgust was evident in his choice of words. 

Eneru narrowed his eyes because he had recognized the person that appeared in front of him. 

"You sure like to talk like you're someone important, Nero," Eneru sneered. "A little cat like you thinks you have what it takes to talk big in front of me?"

Nero, the white-haired man chuckled as he walked towards the Elven Delegation. He brushed off Eneru's insult like it was the whining of a loser, and eyed the Qilin with eyes filled with ridicule.

At that moment, two more people appeared inside the throne room, flanking Eneru and the Elves on both sides.

The newcomers were a woman with long, purple hair, and a teenager boy who seemed to be in his late teens. 

Nero and his two acquaintances stood a few meters away from the Qilin who seemed to be preparing to use its ability to escape, and bring the Elves with him.

William felt a tingling sensation run down the base of his spine, because his appraisal skill had allowed him to see the names and the ranks of the three people who made Eneru feel threatened.


'Three Myriad Beasts,' William thought as he, too, raised his guard. Although Nero and his colleagues were only looking at the Qilin, Eneru, William could tell that they were also subtly paying close attention to him.

The red-headed boy knew that if he were to do something stupid in their presence, the first one to be struck down would not be the Arrogant Eneru, but him.




Chapter 462

'Drauum was right,' Eneru thought as he readied himself to take the Elves and flee at a moment's notice. 'There were more than two Myriad Beasts here in the Anaesha Dynasty.'

Nero smiled as he looked at the Qilin who was trying his best to keep a calm expression on his face. They had concealed their presence in the throne room in order to protect the Young Empress just in case the Myriad Beast decided to attack the Young Empress, as well as the Officers of the Kraetor Empire.

The woman with the purple hair giggled as she winked at Nero. "He said that you're just a little cat. Come here, kitty kitty~"

The corner of Nero's lips twitched as he pretended that he hadn't heard the woman's teasing. He stared at Eneru with a serious expression, as if he was deciding what to do with him.

When the three Myriad Beasts appeared in the throne room, Empress Sidonie regained her calm and forcefully suppressed her power, so it no longer leaked. She was still very angry, but since the Three Protectors of the Kraetor Empire had already arrived at the scene then there was no need for her to do anything anymore.

"Wait, your Excellencies," Alessio said in order to ease the tension in the air. "This is just a simple misunderstanding. His Excellency Eneru just wanted to scare the boy because he was very arrogant in front of the Empress Sidonie. Since the boy is unharmed, can we return to our discussion on how we can form an alliance between our two kingdoms?"

The teenage boy with light-blue hair nodded his head as if agreeing to Alessio's words. He was one of the Protectors of the Kraetor Empire and he was the Pacifist among the group. However, Both Nero and the purple-haired woman knew that once he got angry, even the two of them combined would find it hard to suppress him.

"Before we resume our discussion, the Qilin should pay an adequate compensation for his transgressions," the teenage boy said with a kind smile. "How about you give me one of your whiskers? I am very interested in crafting a whip made from the whisker of a Qilin."

Eneru glared at the teenage boy who wanted one of his whiskers. Qilins only had two whiskers. These whiskers grew when Qilins reached adulthood and symbolized their power and authority. 

Although these whiskers would regenerate after a month once they were pulled out, it would be a very painful experience for them. 

"Such audacity," Eneru growled. "You dare mock me?"


Eneru unleashed his full power as his eyes glowed with power. However, instead of being alarmed, the three Myriad Beasts looked at Eneru as if they were looking at something amusing.

"Um? Have you regressed or something?" the teenage boy asked. "Your current strength is only at the Peak of the Millennial Rank. I thought you were a Myriad Beast?"

The teenage boy glanced at Nero who just shrugged his shoulders. 

Nero's true form was that of a White Tiger. His strength was on the same level as Eneru, so he was also surprised when he felt that the latter's strength seemed to be lacking.

Eneru's face paled because he had completely forgotten that he was under William's suppression. A Millennial Beast baring its fangs against Three Myriad Beasts was just like a little puppy barking at a Tiger.

The teenage boy raised his hand and a powerful pressure descended upon Eneru, forcing him to kneel on the floor. Elandorr's, Alessio's, as well as the other Elves' faces paled when they saw this scene. 

Clearly, they didn't expect their Guardian Beast to be easily suppressed by the teenage boy with light-blue hair.

"Are you giving me one whisker or should I take two instead?" the teenage boy asked in a polite manner. "Of course you can refuse. It is not in my nature to force others to obey my demands."

Although the teenage boy said this in a polite tone, the pressure that was pressing down on Eneru intensified, making the latter's head press down on the floor, while in a kneeling position.

Nero and the purple-haired woman didn't say anything. If the Elves were Hypocrites then the teenage boy was the King of all Hypocrites. What he said, and what he did, contradicted each other. 

The teenage boy was the black sheep in their Trinity. Nero and the purple-haired woman had long given up on trying to straighten him out.


"I am the Guardian of the Silvermoon Continent!" Eneru roared as he slowly raised his head. "You bastards dare to make me kneel and bow my head, I'll fight all of you to the death!"

The teenage boy smiled and clapped his hands together. Eneru's eyes rolled up into their sockets as he collapsed on the floor, unconscious.

"Violence doesn't solve anything," the teenage boy said in a sagely tone as he walked towards the unconscious Qilin who was still in his human form. "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you." 

The teenage boy then grabbed Eneru's hair and dragged him out of the throne room. Clearly, he still hadn't given up on his plans to take the Qilin's whiskers. 

The corner of William's lips twitched when he saw the teenage boy, who was more shameless than him, yank on the hair of the unconscious Qilin as he dragged him to the exit of the throne room.

The Elves didn't dare to voice out any kind of opposition towards the teenage boy's actions because they knew that it was futile. Their Guardian Beast was defeated without any resistance. How could they possibly win against such a being?

"Your Majesty, His Excellency Eneru truly didn't wish to do you any harm," Alessio pleaded. "He just wanted to teach this Half-Elf a lesson for his vulgar words. Please, show your mercy, Your Majesty."

Alessio bowed his head because he knew that this was the only thing he could do for now. Acting subservient was below his dignity, but he would rather lose his dignity than lose his chance of survival. 

The other Elves followed suit. However, Elandorr stood straight and refused to yield. He would rather die than grovel and beg for mercy.

Empress Sidonie nodded her head in appreciation of the Elven Commander's stubbornness. The anger she had earlier had already disappeared now that the hateful Qilin had been taken care of. 

"Rest assured, although your Guardian Beast has acted out of place, I am willing to forgive him this once for his transgressions," Empress Sidonie said. "His life, and all of your lives, will be spared. However, remember that this will only be a one time thing. If this happens again in the future, I will no longer show any mercy. Do I make myself clear?"


"Yes, Your Majesty," Alessio answered on behalf of the Elven Delegation. "It will not happen again."

Empress Sidonie nodded and raised her delicate hand. "Let's resume our discussion. What can any of you offer to make me agree to an alliance? You should know that if I want to conquer the entire continent, it would be as easy as snapping my fingers."

The beautiful Empress lifted her slender leg and crossed it over the other, as she rested her face on her right palm. 

"Give me your best offers," Empress Sidonie said with finality. "This will be your last chance to get on my good side."

Elandorr and William briefly glanced at each other before looking back at the beautiful Empress sitting on the throne. 

The two Protectors of the Kraetor Empire stood by the side as spectators. They also agreed that taking over the continent was a risky move that could backfire on them. Nero was quite impressed that Empress Sidonie was someone who could see the bigger picture. 

Now that she had given Elandorr and William an ultimatum, it was up to them to decide whether The Kraetor Empire would become their enemy, or their ally.

However, the two Protectors, as well as Prince Jason, Evexius, and the rest of the High-Ranking Officers of the Kraetor Empire was not aware that, even before the Elves and William had arrived at the capital city of Veritas, the beautiful Empress had already made her decision.

Morgana had also approved of it, and promised to work with Empress Sidonie to see her plan come into fruition. The two beautiful girls giggled within their shared mindscape, as they watched the handsome Elf and Half-Elf take their time to think of an offer that would please her.

The two sinful girls were also vain creatures. They liked it when handsome men did their best to please them, especially when one of these handsome men was someone who had firmly rejected her twice. 

William was not the only one who held grudges. 


These two women held grudges as well. 




Chapter 463

William leaned on the balcony as he gazed upon the city of Veritas. He was surprised to see that the city seemed more lively and orderly compared to the capital of the Hellan Kingdom, Gladiolus.

After that episode in the throne room, Empress Sidonie told them that she would meet them again in the morning. She also advised them to use their private time to think of an offer to win her over.

The teasing gaze she gave William before she left the throne room made the red-headed boy scratch his cheeks because it was clear that the beautiful Empress would make things difficult for him.

William cast these thoughts aside as he asked the System about their real purpose for coming to the Anaesha Dynasty.

'Are you sure about this?'

< Yes, Host. Aside from the three Myriad Beasts, there is a Pseudo-Demigod present here in Veritas as well. >

'It seems that the Kraetor Empire came more prepared than the Elves when they ventured to the Southern Continent,' William thought as he rubbed his chin. 'How about the teleportation gate? Is it somewhere in the city?'

< It's not. I am currently synchronizing with your King's Legion and constantly doing a sweep of the lands of the Anaesha Dynasty, but so far, any traces of a Teleportation Gate cannot be detected >

Before William had arrived at the capital city of Veritas, he had assigned the Angray Birds, as well as the Blood Eagle, Scadrez, to scatter in different directions so that the System could map the lands of the Anaesha Dynasty and look for traces of the Kraetor Empire's Teleportation Gate.

The Half-Elf wanted to know just how massive their army and hidden forces were. Both he and the System agreed that the current Top Dog in the continent was none other than the Beautiful Empress whom he had turned down in the Kyrintor Mountains.

If someone were to ask William if he regretted his decision the answer would be… Yesn't.


Yes, he regretted turning Empress Sidonie down because if he just nodded his head and accepted her as his lover then this powerful army would have been part of his strength in fighting against the elves.

No, because although the offer was very tempting. He couldn't possibly lie to himself. The Young Empress was indeed very beautiful. More beautiful than his lovers, but what of it? William wasn't someone who was easily moved by beauty alone. 

Especially after being exposed to the Goddess of Lust, Eros, who could make William become lovestruck with just a simple wink from her mischievous eyes. 

The reason he had turned Sidonie down was because of what the latter had asked of him. She wanted Love, and that was something that William doesn't do half heartedly. 

In the past, he thought that having a Harem was the dream life of every man. However, he was wrong. Because he already had three lovers by his side, and one waiting for him back on Earth, he understood more than ever that Loving someone and Lusting over someone were two different feelings.

Although two people could fall in Love over Lust, it would not be Real Love. Lady Eros made sure to indoctrinate this into William because she was the Goddess that represented Lust. Charming people and making them do her every bidding was good, but in the end, this affection was fake.

Eros didn't want her followers to gain Fake Love. She wanted them to have Real Love that would make Sidonie and Morgana feel happiness from the bottom of their sinful hearts.

'How many forces does the Kraetor Empire have in the Anaesha Dynasty?' William inquired after organizing his thoughts and feelings. 

< More than thirty thousand. I'm guessing that some of their forces are stationed in the Kingdom of Freesia in order to maintain law and order. >

William nodded his head in agreement. In order to maintain the peace and order of the two Kingdoms under Empress Sidonie's rule, it was only natural that they leave a part of their army to oversee the affairs of the Kingdom in the East.

Also, this was a safeguard against the Elves who might also consider attacking the far away kingdom in order to acquire more lands of their own. Obviously, although the Kraetor Empire had the upper hand, they still didn't underestimate their enemies and made sufficient counter measures for the worst case scenario.


< Scadrez had reached the Northern Borders of the Anaesha Dynasty. There's no sign, or any traces, of the long distance Teleportation Gate in the route he took. >

< B1 and B2 have also arrived at their destination, and still no signs of any structures that would resemble a long distance Teleportation Gate. >

B1 and B2 where the nickname that William had given to the two dumb birds that had imitated his and his lover's voices back inside the Atlantis Dungeon. That episode was something that the Half-Elf would not forget anytime soon, so he grouped the two birds together and made them partake in this mission.

Actually, it was not only B1 and B2 that had been mobilized for this sweep of the Anaesha Dynasty.

All of the Angray Birds were currently soaring over Empress Sidonie's territory, allowing the system to map it. William decided to use the divide and conquer method, similar to the spies of the Ant Queen that had been scattered all over the Zelan Dynasty to monitor the movements of the Elves.

Although the ants were numerous, and allowed the Queen to see through their eyes. The System was in a league of its own. Not only could it synchronize with William's Legion to see what they were seeing, it could also emit a scan, similar to that of a radar, to check a three-mile circle radius around the member of the King's Legion, and could also penetrate underground.

This made William's System far superior, and a very effective spy satellite!

'Have you found any beasts that I could tame to add to our forces?'

< We have found several beast groups, but since the host had specified to only look for Class C Beasts and above, the numbers have dwindled drastically. Even so, I have great news because we have found a few strong candidates to add to the Host's Herd. >

'Excellent.' William grinned. 'Mark their locations on the map so we can visit them once we have finished our business here in the capital.'

< Understood. >


William knew that the beasts in the Hellan Kingdom wouldn't be enough to increase his army. Because of this, he decided to smuggle some beasts from the neighboring Dynasties and Kingdom to add to his private forces.

Empress Sidonie was not the only one that had the ability to command a massive army under her banner. What she could do, William could do better. After all, the Southern Continent was a vast land filled with many powerful beasts. 

Among those powerful beasts were Herd Type Beasts

Herd Type Beasts that William could tame, so they could help him face all the obstacles that stood before him.

While William was checking the markers that the System had placed in his Status Page. A beautiful lady was watching him from a crystal ball.

Empress Sidonie who had returned to her chambers was currently monitoring William in the guestroom that was provided for him.

She thought that the latter would be wracking his brains out, trying to think of ways to get on her good side. However, what she saw made her and her other half, Morgana, disappointed.

< Why is he chuckling like a crazy person? Did darling lose some of the screws in his head? >

'...'

Both girls were not aware that the Half-Elf was just unable to hide his happiness when he saw the catalogue of beasts that were native to the Anaesha Dynasty. 

Beasts that would soon belong to his Thousand Beast Army.





Chapter 464

While the Half-Elf was chuckling in his temporary residence, the Elves all had serious expressions on their faces.

Naturally, they all came in the Anaesha Dynasty with a plan and had already arranged the tribute that they were planning to give the Young Empress in order to gain her cooperation.

However, William's appearance was completely unexpected and had derailed their plans. What was more depressing was that their Guardian Beast, Eneru, had been taken captive by one of the Protectors of the Kraetor Empire.

This blow hit the Elves very hard. Although Empress Sidonie had promised them that the Qilin would be released, it made them realize that they were really at a disadvantage in the negotiations.

Alessio, too, had a frown on his face as he looked at the members of their delegation. He could still remember the hidden laughter in Berthold's eyes when they left the throne room. Clearly, his counterpart was enjoying Alessio's hardship, making the Elf feel extremely irritated.

"I'm afraid we didn't bring enough resources to use as bribes for an alliance," Alessio said after looking at the list that they had prepared beforehand. "If the son of the Saintess can offer the Human Empress a better deal then we will have no choice but to brace ourselves for an attack on two sides."

Elandorr's frown deepened because he was in agreement with Alessio's statement. If only they were able to retrieve the treasures in the treasury of the Zelan Dynasty then things would have been different.

Unfortunately, the treasury of the Zelan Dynasty was not inside the city of Briar Glen, or in any other human cities for that matter.

Since the kingdom was founded, the Treasury of the Zelan Royal Family had always been kept inside the Sanctuary of the Minotaur Race. This was why the previous, and current rulers of the Dynasty weren't worried that their treasure would be stolen from them.

After all, who had the courage to rob the Domain of a Myriad Beast?


"Do you think they will settle for oral promises?" Elandorr inquired.

Alessio firmly shook his head. "Oral promises are useless. At most, they will settle for a written contract signed by both parties. However, this will not be an ordinary contract. They might use a powerful enchantment to bind us into adhering to the conditions listed on it. If we break it then we might suffer dire repercussions."

Elandorr pondered before giving another proposal.

"Isn't a marriage alliance a very Human thing to do? How about we do that?" Elandorr proposed.

"Marriage alliances between two nations only happen between Royal Families," Alessio replied. "You might be a high-ranking officer of this expedition, but your Rank is nothing compared to the influence of the Royal Bloodline."

Alessio had already seen the subtle changes in Elandorr's stance towards the Human Empress and it made him very wary. Although he was confident that the artifacts in their possession had prevented them from being Charmed, he could see that the human-hating Elandorr seemed to have other ideas about the Beautiful Empress who had complete control of the negotiations.

"Or, are you perhaps saying that we should marry, Her Highness, Princess Eowyn, to one of the Princes of the Kraetor Empire?" Alessio asked back with a serious expression. "I believe that the man that led the Kraetor Army in this expedition was a teenager named Prince Jason. Do you want to match the Princess with that Barbarian?"

"How absurd!" Elandorr immediately rejected the idea. "Our Princess is too noble to become the bride of a filthy, Human Prince. I will never allow it to happen."

Alession gave Elandorr the 'then why did you propose a marriage alliance?' glare, but he didn't voice his thoughts out loud. 

The oldest among the Elven Delegation knew that now was not the right time for dissension in their own ranks. What they needed to do was to find a way on how to make the alliance work. If not, they would settle for a Non-Aggression Pact that would keep the Kraetor Army away from the newly acquired Elven Lands.


An awkward silence fell upon the room as all the Elves pondered on their next course of action. Their meeting lasted for two more hours before they reached a compromise. 

An hour before midnight…

William laid on the comfortable bed and slept. Earlier, he was very tempted to return to the Thousand Beast Domain to sleep in his lovers' embrace. However, he didn't do that because he felt that he was constantly being watched.

Although the System hadn't detected any anomalies, William trusted his guts, so he decided to play it safe and remain inside the room, and not expose the Domain that belonged to him.

The experience with Cernunnos, when the latter had trespassed in his Domain without permission, had left a lasting impression on William. He didn't want the same thing to happen, especially since he was in enemy territory.

While the Half-Elf was currently dreaming of Asgard, the bookcase in his room moved to the side, revealing a hidden pathway. 

Empress Sidonie emerged from it wearing a one-piece night gown, and stealthily walked towards the bed where the boy was sleeping.

Actually, the Young Empress was already in deep sleep. The events of the day had mentally exhausted her. Because of this, her naughty other half, took over her body and decided to give William a night visit.

Morgana had unleashed the power of dreams, to keep her beloved Half-Elf in the dreamworld, and prevent him from waking up in reality. 

When she was sure that her power was in full effect, she softly brushed William's smooth and silky hair, before kissing his rough hands that were used to wielding weapons and doing hard labor. 


She also kissed his ears, cheeks, and even his nose. 

'I love everything about you, Darling,' Morgana thought as she gazed down at William who was sleeping peacefully. 

Her soft, and delicate finger traced his lips, but she didn't dare to kiss them. She was afraid that if she gave in to her desires, she wouldn't be able to stop herself. Also, it might break the dream spell that she had cast and wake the Half-Elf prematurely.

'If not for Sidonie, I would have already eaten you up,' Morgana pouted as she laid beside William, pressing her body on him, and sharing his warmth.

Suddenly, a thought appeared in her head. She blinked once then twice before a mischievous smile took shape on her sensuous face.

She grabbed hold of William's hand and guided it towards her…

Sidonie opened her eyes and stared dreamily at the space in front of her. Last night, she had a good dream. She dreamed that she was sharing a bed with William and the two of them were sharing a night of passion.

All her sleepiness melted away as the images from her dream appeared to her one by one. The Young Empress blushed when she recalled a particular scene when William's hand…

'No good,' Empress Sidonie thought as she felt her body heat up due to the sensuous dream that she had last night.

She reluctantly rose up from the bed, and headed towards the bathroom. The Young Empress still had to meet her Beloved as well as the Elven Delegation in a few hours, in order to hear their proposals. 


'If only it were true,' Empress Sidonie thought as her left hand touched her chest, while the right hand moved downwards, stopping over her maidenhood. 

She needed to quench the heat that had taken control of her body. The Young Empress was unaware that her other half was sleeping with a satisfied smile on her face, within their shared mindscape.

Dreaming of a wonderful dream, where her desires... had partly been fulfilled. 




Chapter 465

The Grand Archmage of the Kraetor Empire, Evexius, looked at the list that was given to him by the elves, along with the ring that contained the items that they had brought beforehand. 

The ones written on the list were rare resources that could only be found on the Silvermoon Continent, and the Grand Archmage had to admit that the Elves had given them an offer that was very hard to refuse.

Naturally, since it was just written on a piece of paper, it held no value whatsoever. However, if the Elves were to really prepare and send them the things that they had written on the list then the Kraetor Empire definitely profited from this exchange.

The Young Empress didn't even bother to look at the Elves' offer because she was confident that the Grand Archmage would be a better judge than her when it came to valuable resources. She might be smart, but being smart didn't mean that she was a walking encyclopedia who knew everything about the world.

Empress Sidonie was more than happy to use the resources and manpower in her disposal to get what she wanted. Since there were people more capable than her in appraising things, she would just let them handle what they were good at.

Besides, regardless of what the Elves' presented, her decision wouldn't change.

"This offer is good," Evexius said as he faced the Elven Delegation. "But since it is just written on a piece of paper, I cannot estimate its true value. However, since the elves are an honorable race, I take it that you will adhere to sending the resources that you have listed here?"

Evexius dangled the scroll in front of the Elves to determine whether they are serious or not.

"By my honor, I swear that the items on the list will be delivered as soon as our reinforcements from the Silvermoon Continent arrive," Elandorr stated.

The things that were listed down on the scroll were items that belonged to Alessio's branch of the Organization that was stationed in the Silvermoon Continent. It was a loan that would be paid in full by Elandorr's and the other Clan's Patriarch's, once their forces had stepped on the Southern Lands.

Empress Sidonie nodded in acknowledgement of Elandorr's vow which made the Elven Commander give her a nod of appreciation.

< This handsome Elf is trying to butter you up, Sidonie. >

'Well, he's not half bad.'

< True. >

After the meeting with the Elven Delegation ended, they were asked to return to their lodging to wait for the Young Empress' final decision. She had already told her guests a day ago that she would meet them separately.

This way, no haggling would take place. Empress Sidonie had made it clear that she would only give them one chance to convince her. If they failed to do that, there would be no second chances.


Five minutes after the Elves left the throne room, William walked in accompanied by two guards.

The Half-Elf had a dazzling smile on his face as if he had eaten something good for breakfast. Morgana's smile widened inside her and Sidonie's mindscape as she looked at the handsome teenager who made her night extra special.

"Did Sir William have a good rest?" Empress Sidonie asked with a sweet smile.

Evexius, Prince Jason, Prince Lionel, Priscilla, and the other officers of the Kraetor Empire noticed the Young Empress' subtle show of favoritism towards the Half-Elf who had come from the Hellan Kingdom. However, even though they had varied thoughts about it, none of them were voiced out loud.

They just looked at the red-headed boy and waited for whatever he had to say.

"Yes, Your Majesty," William replied. "The accommodations you gave me were very comfortable and the food was to my liking. Thank you for your hospitality and generosity."

"No need to thank me. This is what I should do as host." Empress Sidonie leaned on her throne as she crossed her leg over the other. "Making my guests suffer would be disrespectful to the hardships that they had to encounter by traveling long distances just to see me. 

"Now, Sir William, I would like to hear your offer for an alliance. I would greatly appreciate it if you don't mention about giving me your baby again. I can let it slide once due to our past friendship, however, I will not be lenient a second time."

The hidden warning in Empress Sidonie's words was enough to tell William that she didn't want others to know about her embarrassing past. Naturally, William also understood that it would be tasteless to repeat the same lines that he had said a day ago.

"This is a list that I have prepared for today's negotiation," William said as he took a scroll from his storage ring. 

Evexius raised his hand and the scroll in William's hand flew in his direction. The Grand Archmage of the Kraetor Empire looked at the things written on it, and a look of surprise spread across his face.

"Are you for real?" Evexius asked in disbelief. "Are the things written here true?"

William nodded his head. "Yes."

Empress Sidonie became curious about what was written on the scroll, so she made a gesture for the Grand Archmage to hand it over to her.

Soon, the same dumbfounded expression appeared on the Young Empress' face. Although she was not too familiar with rare resources, the ones listed on the scroll were quite familiar to her. 

What William listed on the scroll were the locations of undiscovered mines that the Anaesha Dynasty hadn't unearthed for hundreds of years. What was more incredible was that William had even added the size of the mines and even the maximum amount that they could gather that numbered in tons.


Silver mines, gold mines, magic crystal mines, spirit crystal mines, precious gems, and even tons of rare metals that were used for weapons and armors. 

William had even added a mithril mine at the end of the list. Although the quantity wasn't much, they would still be able to mine half a ton of one of the rarest metals in the world. 

Although mining was hard labor, Empress Sidonie didn't lack Worker Ants that could mine these resources faster than any Humans could. 

The only problem was whether she and the Kraetor Empire could trust the things that were listed on the scroll that was currently in her hands. 

Although the resources on the list were quite common compared to what the Elves had promised, the sheer quantity of the items was more than enough to make William's offer more appealing to them.

"Sir William, this is very impressive." Empress Sidonie smiled. "But…"

"But, you don't believe me." William finished Sidonie's words for her. "Well, this can be easily solved if you use your… manpower to see whether I am lying or not."

"And, what if I sent my Worker Ants and find nothing in these locations?"

"Then you can imprison, and torture, me for lying."

William's fearless stance made the Young Empress and the Grand Archmage feel that he wasn't bluffing. 

"Let's say that I believe you." Empress Sidonie compromised as she looked at her beloved in a new light. "How were you able to find the location of these resources? Don't tell me you sniffed them off the ground?"

"Of course not," William replied.

"Then how?"

"Men's Intuition."

Prince Jason, Prince Lionel, as well as the other young officers of the Kraetor Empire were very tempted to drown William in spit. If Men's Intuition was enough to find Gold Mines and Mithril Mines then all of the men in the world would be swimming in gold coins.

"Your Majesty, it would be faster to send your Worker Ants to investigate," William proposed. "Although it will take them a few days to reach the nearest gold mine, all your doubts will be cleared up by then."


Empress Sidonie reluctantly nodded her head. Right now, no one could prove whether he was lying or not. However, if the Half-Elf was telling the truth then the winner of this negotiation would be none other than him.

"You can return to your quarters for now, Sir William," Empress Sidonie stated. "We will have a meeting to discuss which of the offers would be more advantageous to the Kraetor Empire. When we finally made our decision, we will call for you as well as the Elven Delegation to give our verdict."

"Understood, Your Majesty," William gave the Empress a brief bow before turning around to return to his room. 

The two guards that had accompanied him in the throne room, followed behind him to ensure that the red-headed boy wouldn't wander anywhere in the palace.

William had a smile on his face as he walked towards his temporary residence. Thanks to his Divide and Conquer strategy that was meant to look for traces of the Teleportation Gate of the Kraetor Army, he was also able to find undiscovered mines along the way.

What the Half-Elf didn't tell Empress Sidonie was that the resources included on the list were just a fraction of the treasures that the System had located as the members of William's Legion scoured the territory of the Anaesha Dynasty. 

B1 and B2 had even flown over a small Adamantium Mine that William had planned to keep for himself. Since these resources didn't come out of his own pocket, he didn't mind using them as bargaining chips in his negotiation with the beautiful Empress. 

What William didn't know was that right after he left, a heated debate immediately broke out in the throne room. Empress Sidonie had already alerted the Ant Queen about the locations of resources that were written inside William's scroll.

'Just how did he do it?' Empress Sidonie asked Morgana who seemed to be preoccupied by her own thoughts. Right now, she was in her own quarters and sitting on top of her bed. She had left the throne room earlier because it had become too noisy for her to concentrate.

< Does it matter? Even if it's true, so what? Our decision will remain the same, right? >

Empress Sidonie nodded. Her other half was right. Now that they had come this far, it was time to execute the plan that they had in mind. 

"Sorry, Sir William," Empress Sidonie muttered as she gazed at the scroll in her hand. 

She then affectionately caressed William's handwriting as if it was a priceless treasure that she had won in an auction. "All is fair in love and war. In the end, I will be the one who will have the last laugh."

Morgana nodded her head, because she believed this as well.

Somewhere in the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, a sensual Goddess chuckled happily. She was looking forward to how the Romance between the three Kingdoms would play out. Naturally, her bet would be on her followers.

After all, blood is thicker than water.





Chapter 466

Five hours later, the Elven Delegation, as well as William, gathered at the throne room to hear Empress Sidonie's verdict.

To their surprise, the Qilin, Eneru, was also present in the throne room. He stood arrogantly, just like he did a few days ago, but clearly, something in him had changed.

The teenage boy with light-blue hair stood between Nero and the purple-haired woman. He had a very satisfied smile on his face, which could only mean one thing…

William chuckled because he realized that the teenage boy had succeeded in taking the Qilin's whiskers. This act of ridicule earned him a hateful glare from Eneru.

'This is all your fault!' Eneru wanted to gnash his teeth in anger, but he didn't want to add more insult to his injury. Although everyone in the room was aware of what happened, all of them decided to respectfully remain quiet, with the exception of William, who didn't care for the Qilin's feelings.

Although he wasn't confident that he could beat Eneru in a one on one battle, escaping from the Qilin who was under his suppression was not a hard thing to do. 

"Thank you for coming," Empress Sidonie said in a tone that matched her standing. "After careful consideration, I have finally made my decision."

The Elves' and William's ears perked up as they waited for Empress Sidonie's decree. The Decree that would decide who would become the second most powerful faction in the Southern Continent.

"The tributes I received from both parties are quite satisfactory, because of this, I have decided to… form a Non-Aggression Pact with both parties."

Elandorr and William exchanged a glance before looking back at Empress Sidonie. Both of them had calm expressions on their faces. Although an alliance would have been better, having a Non-Aggression Pact was the next best thing they could get from the current Overlord of the continent.

"Of course, this Non-Aggression Pact will only become effective if both parties are able to present the things that they promised," Empress Sidonie stated. "If the things that you've promised this Empress are not delivered then I will make you regret it."


Empress Sidonie made a gesture and Evexius nodded his head. The Grand Archmage produced a scroll and tossed it in the air.

The scroll unrolled itself and several words materialized in the air. 

Just like everyone suspected, the scroll was some kind of contract. The contract stated that everything written on the list, that was given by the Elves, must be delivered in good faith to the Kraetor Army, a week after the Elven Teleportation Gate was operable.

Failure to do so would lead to the immediate deaths of the people whose blood would be printed on the scroll. 

The powerful Divinity that the scroll radiated was more than enough to tell everyone that this particular contract had the blessing of a God. A contract that had the backing of a God was something no ordinary mortal would dare break.

Even Pseudo-Demigods and Demigods would have no choice but to take this contract seriously. 

"Please, offer a drop of your blood to this contract so that the deal can be finalized," Evexius declared. 

Elandorr was the first to prick his finger to draw a drop of blood. He then flicked it towards the contract. A moment later, the contract glowed and a beam of light shot towards Elandorr's chest. It was the proof that the contract had now taken effect and the Elven Commander was obligated to uphold his part of the deal.

Alessio followed suit. Since he was the one that revised the resources written in the list, he was confident that he would be able to procure it.

One by one, the Elves followed suit and similar beams of light shot out from their chests. Even the Qilin, Eneru, wasn't spared, and he, too, was forced to draw his own blood. A Qilin's blood was very precious, especially a Qilin of Eneru's rank.

It had the power to strengthen a person's body, cure ailments, and was often used as an ingredient to make pills that helped warriors break through their bottlenecks in rising up the ranks.


Not only that, it also had the power to ward off miasma for a brief period of time.

The Qilin's purple blood glowed as it shot towards the contract, binding Eneru to it as well. 

After the contract was finalized. Evexius took it back and presented another scroll, this time for William.

However, there was something different on William's contract. There was an additional condition that William would agree to one of Empress Sidonie's requests. This request wouldn't require him to kill, or harm anyone, whether it be physically, emotionally, or spiritually.

There was also an added condition that if William didn't really want to fulfill Empress Sidonie's request then he would not be forced to do so.

Although this added condition was strange, William didn't see any demerits in it.

William took a deep breath before flicking a drop of his blood towards the contract. After the beam of light had penetrated his chest, the negotiation between all parties had finally come to an end.

Elandorr and William once again faced each other and gave their parting words. 

"The next time we meet on the battlefield, I will end your life," Elandorr declared.

"I won't bring flowers to your funeral," William replied with a casual smile. 

Elandorr snorted before leaving the throne room along with his entourage. Eneru gave William one last hateful glance before taking his leave as well. He swore that if the opportunity presented itself, he would eat the hateful boy's flesh and drink his blood to vent out the humiliation he suffered at the hands of the blue-haired boy that took his whiskers from him!


"Well then, it is time for me to go as well, Your Majesty." William gave a brief bow to the Young Empress before turning his back to leave. 

Empress Sidonie had to use all of her willpower to prevent herself from reaching out to him and asking him to not leave her side. 

Morgana watched all of this with a sad smile because she didn't know when she would see William again. Perhaps the next time they would see each other would be when the war between the Hellan Kingdom and the Elven Army had reached a conclusion.

Just as William was about to take a step outside of the throne room he stopped and glanced back at Empress Sidonie.

"The reason why I said no to your friend last time was not because I don't like her," William said. "It is because I was afraid that I would hurt her feelings."

The red-headed boy sighed as he looked in front of him, however, he still didn't move from where he stood. Instead, he continued his explanation.

"Love is like a stretched rubber band. If their feelings for each other are true, neither of them will let either end go. However, if only one is putting effort into the relationship, and decides to let go of the rubber band on their end, the one who is still holding on will get hurt.

"If I survive this war, and your friend's feelings haven't changed after I reach my coming of age ceremony, tell her that I will consider giving her my babies. I'm sure that the smiles of our children would be enough to bring down a nation or two."

Although he said this in a teasing tone, his words also carried a subtle promise. 

Empress Sidonie's gaze softened as she watched the person she loved walk away from her.

Morgana, on the other hand, was grinning from ear to ear because William had subtly told them that he was willing to give them a chance. 


A chance was all they needed. 

A chance to make the narcissistic Half Elf look at them with eyes filled with Love. 




Chapter 467

A few minutes after William left the throne room, the Three Protectors of the Kraetor Empire took their leave as well. 

They wanted to see the interesting event that would happen shortly. As Myriad Beasts, they fully understood that Eneru wouldn't let William get away after he had suffered humiliation in his hands. He would definitely prepare to ambush him, as soon as he left the safety of the Royal Palace.

"Too bad, I kind of like that red-headed brat," the woman with purple hair said as she narrowed her eyes to observe the Half-Elf who was about to take his leave from the palace.

Nero and the teenage boy with light blue hair didn't say anything and merely spectated from where they stood. Now that they had formed a Non-Aggression Pact with both parties, they couldn't extend their help to either side.

Still, the three Myriad Beasts had no doubt in their mind that Eneru would be able to capture William and torture him to his heart's content.

"The Young Empress seemed to favor him," the teenage boy commented. "Should we not tell her that the Half-Elf she is interested in is in danger?"

Nero shook his head. "Let's stay out of this. Besides, isn't it more interesting this way? We get to see how a Myriad Beast bullies a child. Although I don't condone this behavior, Eneru is pretty pissed now that you've taken his whiskers from him."

The teenage boy smiled and nodded his head. He didn't think that he would be able to accomplish his goal so easily. Fortunately, Eneru was under a powerful suppression and was unable to resist him.

William walked without a care in the world and was even whistling as he headed in the direction of the Main Gate that led outside the city. 

Naturally, Eneru and the Elves were already waiting for him there. They had even formulated a fool-proof plan in order to prevent the Half-Elf from escaping their grasp. 

When William was only a few hundred meters away from the gate, he took a left turn and entered an inn. Naturally, this inn was no longer in business, and only served as a place where the Kraetor Army would spend their time leisurely when they're not on duty.

Eneru had already locked onto William's body using his powerful Spiritual Sense. As long as he was inside the City of Veritas, he wouldn't be able to escape his grasp. 


'The brat is simply delaying the inevitable,' Eneru snorted. He was very tempted to capture the boy immediately, but he knew that the Half-Elf would fight back. If they were to rampage in the city, and destroy a few properties then the Kraetor Army would not sit idly and fight back.

Eneru didn't want to experience being handled by the teenage boy with light-blue hair again, so he was willing to endure and just wait for the Half-Elf to leave the city before he moved in to put him in his place. 

'I'll make sure to torture you first before I end your pitiful life.' Eneru vowed in his heart. 

William was an existence that threatened Eneru's safety. Because of this, he had already decided to kill him as soon as possible, so that there would be no future complications. Although he would suffer a powerful backlash for killing the Shepherd's Scion, he wasn't afraid. 

He'd rather suffer a backlash than forever be suppressed by someone's presence. 

"All of you can go back to the Zelan Dynasty," Eneru ordered. "I am more than enough to deal with the boy."

"Your Excellency, I also have a grudge against him," Elandorr replied. "My greatest wish is to see him being tortured and die a very slow, and painful, death. Let me accompany you in dealing with that filthy half blood."

Eneru had felt Elandorr's genuine desire to see William's suffering so he agreed to let him stay. The other Elves were also on the same page, including Alessio, who currently had his arms crossed over his chest.

All of them were waiting for William to appear so that they could teach him a lesson that he would carry with him to the afterlife.

A few minutes passed…

Half an hour passed…

An hour passed…


Two hours passed…

William had still not left the inn and it was already making Eneru, the Elves, and even the Three Protectors impatient.

"Should I go in there and drag him out myself?" the teenage boy proposed. "I don't like waiting."

Nero and the purple-haired woman frowned. They, too, were not too fond of waiting, and the boy had already been inside the inn for two hours.

Fortunately, there was someone who was more impatient than them and decided to just get it over with.

Eneru entered the city and headed straight towards the inn that William had visited a few hours ago. 

After setting foot inside the inn, Eneru scanned the crowd to look for the boy. However, he only saw the young warriors of the Kraetor Empire enjoying their food and drinks at their leisure.

"Did any of you see the red-headed boy that came in here a few hours ago?" Eneru inquired everyone inside the room. Although he felt beneath him to ask teenage Humans about the whereabouts of the boy, he had no choice but to compromise, since he could feel the pressure of the Three Protectors that were locked onto his body.

"Are you talking about the boy who went to the bathroom to take a dump?" One of the warriors answered. "Now that you mention it, he hasn't ever come out of the bathroom since then."

Eneru nodded his head and hurriedly walked towards the bathroom. Tendrils of lightning crackled in his right hand as he pushed the door using his left. He was about to unleash the concentrated lightning bolt in his hand when he noticed that something was wrong.

'He's not here!' Eneru's eyes widened. 'How could that be?!'

Ever since William entered the inn, he had focused his spiritual sense inside it and made sure that the Half-Elf wouldn't be able to leave undetected. 


However, even with that, William was still able to escape from right under his nose!

The Three Protectors were also surprised. They had already lit a candle inside their hearts for the arrogant Half-Elf, but the latter was nowhere to be seen.

Meanwhile, hundreds of miles away from the Capital City of Veritas....

A loud explosion reverberated in the air followed by a neighing sound filled with pain. A few moments later, a four meter tall, Dark Blue Horse, fell on the lake's surface, creating a big splash, and sending the rest of its herd running.

Even though it was in great pain, the Dark Blue Horse forced its body to dive deeper in the lake to escape the red-headed boy that had appeared out of nowhere.

"Where do you think you're going?" William asked as he summoned a hundred-meter long water whip that fished it out of the Dark Blue Horse from the water, before hurtling it towards the shore. 

The Dark Blue Horse tried to break free from its binding, but William's Water whip held it in place. The red-headed boy then raised his right hand and aimed it at the struggling beast that was a few meters away from him. 

"Beast Taming!"

An orb of light shot out from William's hand and collided with the fallen Beast, who had no power to resist. Soon its entire body was enveloped by a white light. 

While all of this was going on, a certain Qilin was very close to unleashing a lightning storm in the City of Veritas in order to force William to come out from his hiding place.

The Three Protectors had also arrived and ordered the people inside the inn to evacuate. They were also there to investigate how the boy had managed to escape from their surveillance. 

Empress Sidonie looked at the crystal ball in her hand, and watched the commotion happening inside the inn with a smile. Although she didn't know how William was able to leave the city undetected, she was still happy that the boy she liked was safe from harm.


If only she knew that her beloved was busy plundering the resources of her Kingdom, Empress Sidonie might have immediately ordered the Three Protectors to apprehend him and bring him back to the capital in chains.

That way, she could ensure that he wouldn't do anything mischievous behind her back, as well as keep him safe from a Qilin, and a few Elves, who were dead set on hacking him into pieces. 




Chapter 468

The Dark Blue Horse used its willpower to resist, but its injuries and William's suppression prevented it from dispelling the Taming Skill on its body. 

This was the first time that William had used this skill after Ascending his Job Class to the Quick Shot Shepherd. William was very curious about how strong this taming skill was.

Soon, the light receded and the red-headed boy immediately felt a connection with the Malevolent Nightmare Kelpie that had the rank of a Class A (Low) Beast.

It was one of the Powerful Beasts that the System had marked when the Angray Birds had flown over the region. Since William was planning to add more members to his army, and was itching to test his Beast Taming Skill, he decided to visit it first.

After healing the Malevolent Nightmare Kelpie's injuries, William ordered it to gather the members of its herd. The Beast nodded its head and uttered a neigh that reverberated through the area near the lake. 

Soon, members of its herd appeared to answer its call and they stood several meters away from their leader, while giving William a guarded look.

"Welcome to your new home," William said as he opened his Thousand Beast Domain to welcome the new additions to his herd. "I'm sure that you will find the Dungeon of Atlantis to your liking."

The Malevolent Nightmare Kelpie was the Alpha of its own herd, which allowed William to automatically gain over two hundred Water Kelpies to his King's Legion. 

At first, the Water Kelpies were hesitant, but due to William's benevolent aura and the encouragement of their Alpha, they all entered the portal as they were told. The Malevolent Nightmare Kelpie was the last to enter the Domain, and William followed behind it.

There was already a lake inside the Thousand Beast Domain, so he didn't have to buy another. Also, after teaching them how to travel to Atlantis, the Water Kelpies were like fish in the water. Even the Malevolent Nightmare Kelpie was quite satisfied with William's arrangement because all of them were carnivorous creatures.

The Siokoys as well as the Nagas were the perfect beasts for them to hunt because neither of them couldn't outrun or overpower the water horses in any bodies of water. 

After making sure that the new members of his herd were satisfied, William returned to the real world and asked the System about the matter in the Capital City of the Anaesha Dynasty. 

"Are they still looking for me in the City of Veritas?" William inquired.


< Yes. The Qilin, Eneru, is currently above the city, frantically looking for your presence. >

William chuckled before sending a telepathic message to his, ever lively, spy that was currently inside the city. 

"Aethon, good job," William praised the small bird who was always there to serve as his eyes during critical moments. "You can leave the city now. Make sure to fly towards the East, so that the stupid Qilin won't get suspicious."

"Chirp!"

After chirping its acknowledgement, Aethon flapped its wings and flew away. William would come to pick it up at a later time when he traveled to the Eastern Region of the Anaesha Dynasty.

Before William entered the capital, he already knew that he would be facing danger. This was why he had thrown Soleil towards the sky, where it passed through the dark clouds and basked in the sunlight.

Since the weapon was soul bound to William, it allowed him to instantly teleport to wherever it was. This was one of the countermeasures that he had made beforehand just in case he needed a way to escape the capital undetected.

After discovering the location of the Malevolent Nightmare Kelpie, in the Northern Region of the Dynasty, William controlled Soleil remotely and ordered it to head in that direction. 

William knew that Eneru and the Elves would do everything in their power to capture him. Fortunately, he had already anticipated this scenario. The red-headed boy even thought of using this opportunity to piss them off further, and delay their return to the Zelan Dynasty.

William then activated the ring that was given to him by Conner as a means for the two of them to be able to communicate with each other over long distances.

Since the two of them were in a temporary alliance against the Elves, William decided to set aside their grudges for the time being, and collaborate with him to put an end to the war that they had started.

"Do you have good news for me?" Conner asked as soon as the connection was established.

William nodded his head and reported the things that happened in Veritas. Conner was surprised when he learned that the Elves had also tried to form an alliance with the Kraetor Army. 


"Fortunately you have arrived in time," Conner commented after hearing William's report.

Although he had already established in his mind that William and Empress Sidonie had a good relationship with each other, he still had misgivings about the Kraetor Empire's stance in regards to the Hellan Kingdom, and the Elven Army that was based in the Zelan Dynasty.

"How long do you think it will take before the Elves build their Teleportation Gate?" William inquired.

Conner pondered before giving a rough estimate, "At most we have a month's time. Although it is short, there's nothing we can do about it. I will continue to make arrangements for the defense of the City of Gladiolus. How about you? What do you plan to do?"

"Recruit more allies to fight by our side. I will keep in touch and return before the war reaches the walls of Gladiolus."

"Very well. If there is anything that comes up, I'll inform you right away."

William nodded. "Alright, I'll also keep in touch if anything happens on my side. Bye."

The red-headed boy cut off the connection with a sigh. 

"After a month, the real thing begins. We don't have much time," William muttered as he looked at his status page. The markers where the tameable beasts were located flashed before his eyes. 

"System, prepare for flight synchronization."

< Flight Synchronization Activated. >

William channeled his aura on Soleil and pointed its tip towards the East.

< Host, please, raise Soleil to match your eye level. >


William did as he was told and held the weapon in his hand steadily.

< Move its tip three inches towards the right. >

The Half-Elf followed the System's instructions obediently in order to prevent himself from flying in the wrong direction.

< Flight Pattern is now in Perfect Sync! All Green and ready for take off! >

"Quick Shot War Art Fusion Form…," William said with a serious expression. 

"Blitzer Railgun!"

William and Soleil merged as one and shot out towards the sky. Their next destination was the Adamantium mine that the System had discovered. 

Although the possibility was low, he didn't want Empress Sidonie's Worker Ants to accidentally bump into the Adamantium mine, as they traveled to the locations that William had written out for them.

William knew that he couldn't possibly gather all the other resources located in the Aenasha Dynasty during that one month period. Although he was traveling five times the speed of sound, he had no doubt in his mind that the Ant Queen would soon discover the smuggling expeditions he was doing around her turf.

In order to prevent conflicts from arising, he decided to target the most important resources first, before shifting his attention to the Herd Type Creatures that he could capture along the way. 

William felt regretful about divulging the location of the Mithril Mine, but he also understood that it was needed to entice the Young Empress, as well as the high-ranking officers of the Kraetor Empire to look favorably at him.

If he only knew that the beautiful Empress, and her mischievous other half, had made their decision long ago. He would have definitely kept the location of the Mithril Mine to himself, and used it to forge weapons and armor for his army instead.

Fortunately, he didn't know that the two girls had one-upped him, or else he would have already spat a mouthful of blood, due to heart-ache and regret, for sharing so many resources with them. The list was long enough that it would have made his Grandfather, James, dance and laugh out loud for an entire day while shouting "We're Rich!" over and over again.





Chapter 469

Two weeks after William and the Elven Delegation met with Empress Sidonie, all of the high-ranking officers of the Elven Forces gathered in an Underground Base that Drauum had built right outside the Capital City of the Zelan Dynasty.

"Open the Gate!" Drauum ordered.

""Open the Gate!""

The Elven forces shouted in unison as the Teleportation Gate came to life. They had waited for this day for a long time. They felt ashamed that they had holed themselves up in the city out of fear of being attacked by the Human rebels who had killed thousands 

Drauum had personally aided in its building alongside the Elven Scholars, whose duty was to calibrate it to match the Connecting Gate that they had built back in the Silvermoon Continent, before going on an expedition in the Human Lands.

Since a Pseudo-Demigod aided them in its construction, the Teleportation Gate was finished two weeks earlier than they had estimated.

This development made Elandorr and Alessio sigh in relief because they felt pressured about the current affairs of the Elven Expedition. They thought that they would be able to sweep the land unhindered, but they had greatly underestimated the ability of the people in the Southern Continent.

Soon, an Elven Warrior dressed in light-weight armor passed through the gate. The moment the Elven Prodigies saw him, all of them immediately started cheering.

The Elven Warrior was caught by surprise, but due to his training, he retained the calm expression on his face and gave Elandorr a curt nod before walking forward. 

Not long after, several other Elven Warriors passed through the gate. 

Hundreds…

Thousands…

Tens of Thousands…


The men had various emblems etched on their armor, which represented the clans that they belonged to.

An hour later, the Patriarch's of the Rhys, Saleh, Nasira, Rhys, and Eroan Clans walked out of the Teleportation Gates.

The moment these Elders appeared in the underground base, all the Elves knelt like Knights paying tribute to their Sovereigns. 

The only ones that didn't kneel were Princess Eowyn, Drauum, and Eneru. 

The Patriarch's of the different clans bowed their heads respectfully to the Elven Princess and the Two Guardians standing by her side. 

A middle-aged Elf stepped forward as he knelt at the Elven Princess' feet to show his allegiance to the Royal Family.

"It has been a while, Your Highness," the middle-aged elf said with a smile. "I pray that my stupid grandson had treated you well in this expedition."

Princess Eowyn returned the Elder's smile and nodded her head. "Commander Elandorr has ensured that I lived a comfortable life here in the Southern Continent. Please, rise, Lord Shafel."

Shafel nodded his head and rose up to his feet. He was the Great Elder of the Gilwen Clan, and Elandorr's Grandfather. 

In the Silvermoon Continent, he was one of the respected members of the Elven Council and part of the Anti-Human Faction. They were the headache of the Conservative Faction who wished to happily coexist with their neighbors.

This recent expedition to the Southern Continent was done without any authorization from the Elven Council. Even so, everyone decided to turn a blind eye into it, even the Royal Family. 

To ensure that cruelty against Humanity would not be a wide-spread practice, the King of the Elves had tasked his daughter, Princess Eowyn, to become a supervisor in the expedition. Unfortunately, the Elves in the expedition were smart enough to agree with her on the surface, while torturing humans behind closed doors.

"Elandorr, step forward," Shafel ordered.


"Yes!" Elandorr replied as he stood in front of his Grandfather.

It was at that moment when a resounding slap echoed inside the underground base. A red mark appeared on the Elven Commander's handsome face, but he remained calm, and endured the stinging pain on his face.

"Your mission was to conquer the Human lands, and yet, you've only managed to acquire one Human Kingdom?" Shafel said in a cold tone as if he was talking to a servant instead of a family member. "I didn't raise you to be an incompetent commander. What do you have to say to yourself?"

Elandorr knelt on the ground and bowed his head in submission. "I have no excuse for my incompetence. I will accept any punishment that the Great Elder will bestow upon me."

"Since you admit to your incompetence, I hereby sentence you to…"

"Wait."

Princess Eowyn stepped forward and stood between Elandorr and Shafel. The Elven Princess stared at the Great Elder of the Gilwen Clan with a fearless expression.

"Great Elder, I have witnessed how hard Commander Elandorr had strived to make this mission a success," Princess Eowyn said. "It is quite unfortunate that we have underestimated the Humans that live in these lands. Even though we are far superior to them, their tenacity is praiseworthy. It is not the Commander's fault that the expedition failed. Our fault lies in the fact that we underestimated our opponents."

Shafel smiled and nodded his head. "Since Her Highness is telling me to let this matter slide then I will let it slide. Elandorr, thank Her Highness. If not for her, I would have already excommunicated you from our Clan due to your incompetence."

Elandorr raised his head and looked at Princess Eowyn with a guilt-ridden expression on his face. 

"Your Highness, I thank you for speaking on my behalf. From this day onwards, I offer my life to always serve by your side and protect you from any harm," Elandorr vowed. "I swear this upon the blessing of the World Tree."

Princess Eowyn nodded her head, as she offered her hand to the kneeling elf. "Rise, Commander Elandorr. You still have a role to play in this war. You can atone for your mistakes by leading us to victory."

Elandorr took the Princess hand and lightly kissed. "It will be as you wish, Your Highness."



"That was a fine performance, Elandorr," Shafel nodded in appreciation. "With this, you will be able to stay by Princess Eowyn's side as her personal guard after this war is over. You'd better not miss this chance."

"I will do my best, Grandfather," Elandorr replied with a smile.

The mark on his face had long disappeared after it was healed by one of the Elven Clerics. 

The two of them were currently inside the Commander's Quarters where Elandorr relayed the current statues of the three factions in the Southern Continent.

"Having a Non-Aggression Pact with the Kraetor Empire is good," Shafel nodded. "If we captured all the lands in the continent, the various powers in the Central Continent would not sit idle. They may even find an excuse to launch a crusade to liberate the Southern Continents from the Elven Invaders.

"Although our race is superior, the Humans outnumbered us a million to one. We should not provoke them too much until we have found a means to threaten all of them."

Elandorr nodded his head. He agreed with his Grandfather which was why he had pushed for the talks between the Elves and Empress Sidonie during their High-Level Meeting a few weeks ago.

"The Saintess' Son…," Shafel muttered. "If we can capture him then he would be a good hostage to prevent the Saintess, and the Aenarion Clan, from exerting pressure over this expedition in the Human lands. We need to capture him at all costs."

"Grandfather, can't we just kill him?" Elandorr asked. "I'm afraid that he will be a dangerous person when he grows up."

"Kill?" Shafel looked at Elandorr as if he was looking at an ignorant fool. "You dare kill the son of the Saintess and the Hero of the Elves? If you do that, even though I am an Elder in the Council, Our Clan would not be spared from Aenarion's Wrath. Also, the Elven King owes that bastard Maxwell for saving our heritage. If word gets out that you intend to kill the Saintess' son…"

"Forgive me, Grandfather. I wasn't looking at the bigger picture." Elandorr bowed his head in apology.

Shafel was a man who specialized in schemes and deceit. This was why he had managed to become Alessio's backer as the latter built his connections in the Silvermoon Continent. He could tell at a glance that Elandorr truly wished for William's demise, so he decided to offer him an olive branch.

"We can't kill him now, but that doesn't mean that we can't kill him later," Shafel said in a volume that was only enough for Elandorr to hear. "We can administer a slow acting poison that will kill him within the year. This will prevent the Saintess and the others from tracing it back to us. It will be a slow and painful death, and I will give you the honor of personally administering the poison into his body."


"Thank you, Grandfather." Elandorr bowed his head for the umpteenth time. "Although I prefer to torture him myself, this is also good. At least, no one will be able to suspect our Clan and we can still have a good relationship with the Aenarion Family."

"As long as you understand then all is good. Now, let us put this matter aside and discuss the war preparations."

"As you wish, Grandfather."




Chapter 470

A black snake slithered out of the underground base where the Elven Teleportation Gate was located, under the cover of darkness. 

When it felt that there was no one around it, it turned into a black mist and traveled outside the city. 

Half an hour later, Ezio stood on top of a tree while looking at the capital city of the Zelan Dynasty. He immediately wrote a coded message on his wrist before sending it to both of his disciples.

After doing this task, he once again turned into a black mist and made his way back towards the city. He needed to gather more information about the current hierarchy of the Elven Forces. Ezio knew that this mighty army would head towards the Hellan Kingdom in a few days, and formally declare war on those that resided behind the walls of the City of Gladiolus.

William felt an itch on his wrist, and knew that a message had arrived from his Fourth Master, Ezio. 

A frown immediately appeared on his face after reading the message. He thought that there would still be two to three more weeks before the Elven Reinforcements would arrive.

"Sorry, but I'm short on time right now," William said as he raised his hand and aimed it at the Elusive Mist Wildebeest that was struggling to get back on its feet. 

"Beast Taming!"

"Are you sure about this?" Conner asked. "This is not a good joke."

He was currently looking at William's projection with a dumbfounded expression on his face. The Leader of Deus was just about to rest when the red-headed boy's unexpected call made his drowsiness go away completely. 


"I wish it was," William replied. "Unfortunately, I have a trusted acquaintance that is currently snooping around the Capital City of Briar Glen. I trust him with my life, so this news is credible."

Conner clenched his fist in frustration. There were still so many things that he was working on, but this sudden turn of events made him feel helpless.

"How is the defense of Gladiolus?" WIlliam inquired. "Is it ready for a siege?"

William's question broke Conner out of his daze. Although most of the preparations are in their final phase, they were far from complete. Moreover, there was still one piece of information that he needed to share with William.

"The countermeasures for a siege are well underway, but I still need a few days to wrap things up." Conner admitted. "Also, I discovered that a member of the Royal Family is needed in order to activate the true defensive capabilities of Gladiolus. Unfortunately, Prince Lionel and Prince Rufus didn't know how to activate it. This was why I sent them to the Zelan Dynasty as hostages.

"I doubt that King Noah didn't pass this information on to someone of the Royal Bloodline. My guess is that he didn't trust his two eldest sons and didn't impart this information to them. Perhaps, the Youngest Prince knows how the defensive capabilities of Gladiolus were activated."

William was quite surprised by Conner's revelation, but he was sure that the Leader of Deus wasn't lying to him. This was a crucial moment, so the latter was more open about increasing the defensive capabilities of the capital city.

'The only member of the Royal Family we can count on is Prince Ernest,' William thought. 'However it would take a week of travel from the City of Gladiolus and back from the Kyrintor Mountains. The Elves could arrive in the borders of the Hellan Kingdom in five days' time.'

While Wiliam was deep in thought, Conner also informed him that a member of the Royal Family was needed to deactivate the Teleportation Gates, which the Elves could use to speed up their travel towards the core of the Hellan Kingdom.

"Okay, you said that we need Prince Ernest's help to disable the operation of the Teleport Gates and raise the defenses of Gladiolus, right?"


"Yes."

"In that case, tell Prince Alaric to travel to the Kyrintor Mountains," William replied. "Brianna, the Daughter of the Great Chieftain will recognize him. Brief him of the dilemma that we are currently facing. I'm sure that he will make haste in his travels to bring Prince Ernest as soon as he can."

Conner nodded his head. He had long wondered where the Young Prince was hiding. Fortunately, they could use the teleportation Gates to speed things up, and get the Young Prince return as soon as possible.

"I will try to delay the advance of the Elves," William stated. "I might only be able to delay them for a day, but do your best to speed things up at your end."

"You will delay them?" Conner asked in disbelief. "Only you?"

William smiled, but didn't say anything else. Conner understood that he wouldn't be getting any more information from William, so he decided to end their meeting and mobilize Prince Alaric as well as the defenders of Gladiolus to double their efforts because they only had a few days before the Elves came knocking on their doors.

After his dialogue with Conner, William gathered everyone in the Thousand Beast Domain to share the latest information that he had acquired from Ezio. Just as he expected, everyone's faces paled, with the exception of Celine and Kasogonaga, when they realized that they didn't have much time remaining.

"So, what do you plan to do?" Celine inquired. "Are we going back to the City of Gladiolus, or are we going to use guerilla tactics to delay the Elven Army's advance to the Hellan Kingdom?"

William looked at his Master and nodded his head in acknowledgement. He wasn't surprised that Celine had thought of this matter as well. Having her around gave William a certain confidence that they could buy enough time for Conner to finish the preparations on his end.

The Beasts that were listening in their conversation kept their silence and waited for William to elaborate on the plan in his mind. 


"Erchitu, you are quite familiar with the geography of the Zelan Dynasty," William said. "Can you tell me which of these locations have teleportation gates in them?"

William projected a giant map hanging in the air for everyone to see. It was a very detailed map of the Zelan Dynasty's North West Regions that bordered the Hellan Kingdom.

Unlike the Hellan Kingdom who had invested heavily in the creation of teleportation gates to allow fast travel to the different territories of the Kingdom, the Zelan Dynasty had fewer teleportation gates.

If William could destroy them, he would be able to delay the Elven Army's advance drastically. The Half-Elf knew that if he was fighting against a regiment of Elves that numbered between a thousand up to three thousand, he might be able to fight them off.

Any forces that exceeded that number would be avoided at all costs. 

If William had his way, he would just fight hundreds of Elven Soldiers at a time. That way, he would be able to overpower them with sheer numbers, and maximize the blessings of his Quick Shot Shepherd Job Class.

Erchitu pointed at several cities on the map where he believed that Teleportation Gates had been built. 

"They're quite spread out." William rubbed his chin. He wasn't worried if there would be Elven Defenders there or not. Even if there were, he was confident that he would be able to take care of them without problems.

'The problem is that if we attack one of them, the other gates will be alerted, and more reinforcements will arrive,' William thought. 'If we do this, we have to do it simultaneously.'

William stared at the map long and hard , while the System helped him formulate the probable team compositions that would yield the best outcome.


After an hour of calculations, William presented the plan to everyone in his Legion. They would attack the four outer Teleportation Gates nearest the border of the Hellan Kingdom. This was the best they could do for now.

Once they succeeded, they would delve deeper in the Zelan Dynasty to destroy more of these Teleportation Gates. 

William hoped that his diversionary tactics would be enough to delay the Elves from their advance, and give them a few more days to fortify the defenses of Gladiolus, where they would make their last stand.




Chapter 471

A faint breeze blew into the night, as William stood on top of a mountain. His clothes fluttered in the darkness, unseen by the two moons and the stars that were currently out of sight.

Two hours before midnight. A time when the common people were already asleep, and only those who did night activities were awake.

William's green eyes glowed in the darkness as he surveyed the land. As a Half-Elf, seeing in the dark was as natural to him as breathing.

"Heroic Avatar," William said softly as a great power surged inside his body.

This was the second time that he had used this ability after returning from the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods. When he was in this form, he felt that the world was within his grasp. It was quite unfortunate that limitations had been placed on this ability, otherwise, William would have already stirred up a storm within the Zelan Dynasty.

He plucked up a few hairs from his head and lightly blew on them, sending them flying in the breeze.

A moment later, seven clones who looked exactly like him landed by his side. Each of them pulled out a small golden-metallic-rod from their ears, which increased its size until they became as long, and thick as William's wooden staff. 

Each of them pointed their staff in different directions. Their targets were the four Teleportation Gates that were nearest the border of the Hellan Kingdom.

""Quick Shot War Art, Fusion Form.""

""Blitzer Railgun!""

Inside the Zelan Royal Palace…

"Tomorrow, the vanguard will start their advance," Elandorr said as pushed a golden Elven Knight Chess Piece forward, using a customized wooden rake, on the map in the center of the conference room. 

According to our estimate, it will take us three days to reach the Azure Fortress. From there, we can use the Human's Teleportation Gate inside the fortress, to speed up our conquest of the Hellan Kingdom.

(A/N: Azure Fortress is the name of the Fortress that James defended.)


"According to our scouts, who have infiltrated the Hellan Kingdom, the majority of their forces are holed up in the City of Gladiolus," Elandorr reported. "They seemed to have accepted their inferiority and decided to make their last stand at the Hellan Kingdom's Capital."

The Patriarchs and other High Ranking Officers of the Elven Army nodded their heads. Although their reinforcements had arrived from the Silvermoon Continent, Elandorr retained his position as the Commander of the expedition. Meaning, he had complete command of the three-million Strong Elven Army.

With such a powerful army at his disposal, only the Kraetor Empire remained a threat to them within the Southern Continent.

Also, aside from the Elven Reinforcements, one more Guardian from the Silvermoon Continent appeared to aid them. It was none other than the Golden Elder Dragon, Ezkalor. 

Two Peak Myriad Beasts, and one Pseudo-Demigod. They were the trump cards of the Elven Army. 

Because of these Three Guardians, that would serve as the overseers of the Elven Conquest, the Patriarch's and the Elven Officers felt at ease. This was also why they allowed Elandorr to keep his rank as Commander, and allow him to command the Elven Reinforcements.

With such powerful beings by their side, the conquest of the Hellan Kingdom was mere childsplay.

"I heard that you have faced the Saintess Son."

An intimidating presence within the room asked.

"What is he like?"

Ezkalor, the ruler of the Dragons in the Silvermoon Continent, stared at Elandorr with a pressure that was enough to make the Elven Commander uncomfortable. 

The Elder Dragon was currently in a humanoid form, but his draconic feature stood out among the Elves that were gathered inside the conference room. 

"Did you not hear me?" Ezkalor asked because Elandorr seemed to have frozen in place after he had asked his question.

"Your Excellency, the pressure you are radiating is too much for him to handle," Shafel stood up and bowed respectfully to the Elder Dragon. 


Ezkalor frowned before suppressing the pressure that overflowed from his body.

Elandorr immediately took in a deep breath as if the invisible hand choking his neck had suddenly let go. After regaining his breath, he respectfully bowed to answer Ezkalor's inquiry.

"I have met the Saintess' Son in a battle near the Sanctuary of the Minotaur Race," Elandorr replied. "I believe that he is the strongest among the prodigies here in the Southern Continent."

"Mmm. So, you're saying that you lost to him, right?"

"... Yes."

Elandorr didn't dare to lie in front of one of the Guardians that had protected the Silvermoon Continent. Also, he was afraid that the Elder Dragon would punish him due to the death of his Beast Companion, the Silver Dragon, Deoldreoss. 

"How strong is he?" Ezkalor asked. "Is he really so strong that he managed to defeat not only you, but Deoldreoss as well?"

Elandorr could feel his cheeks burn due to the shame and embarrassment he was experiencing. Right now, all the High-Ranking members of the Elven Expedition were gathered, including Princess Eowyn.

"When I fought against him, he had the power that is equivalent to a Saint," Elandorr replied. "Perhaps he used a forbidden ability to temporarily raise his strength to its limit during our fight. Because of this, my partner, Deoldreoss, met his end."

A smirk appeared on Ezkalor's face as he corrected Elandorr's explanation.

"Deoldreoss is not dead." Ezkalor stated.

Elandorr looked at the Elder Dragon in shock as he tried to feel the connection between him and his Beast Companion. However, the connection was no longer there which made him frown.

"Your Excellency…"

"He's not dead." Ezkalor repeated. "However, I also can't feel his presence. It is as if he has disappeared from this world. The only thing I can think of is that he has been taken to some place…, like a Domain, that blocks my detection abilities."


Elandorr suddenly felt hope because, if his Beast Companion was alive, re-establishing their connection was only a matter of time.

The Elven Commander thanked Ezkalor profusely for the news that he had shared with him. Ezkalor briefly nodded as he crossed his arms over his chest.

He could still remember the Human Hero, Maxwell, during that great battle against the Demon Race. It pained him that Maxwell's son had been cast away into the Human lands, instead of being raised in the Elven Continent.

However, as an Elder Dragon, he didn't like to interfere with the affairs of the Elves. This was why he had turned a blind eye to their schemes to invade the Human lands. The reason he had accompanied them on this venture was to personally see what kind of young man Maxwell's child grew up to be.

'If he is really a promising youth then I'll choose one from my brood and make them partners,' Ezkalor thought. 'Doing so will also ensure his safety from the Elves. I'd like to see if any of these stuck-up Elves dare to challenge my decision.'

While Ezkalor was busy trying to find the perfect Dragon Partner for William, the door of the conference room suddenly burst open.

"Sir! It's an emergency!" an Elven Guard looked at Elandorr with anxiousness. 

"Calm down," Elandorr ordered. "Don't you know that this is an important meeting? How dare you barge in here and treat it as a common tavern?"

The Elven Guard finally regained his composure when he noticed the stares of everyone in the room. However, this composure lasted only for a brief moment when he remembered his purpose for coming to the conference room unannounced.

"Sir! The Teleportation Gates!" the Elven Guard said with great urgency. "Rebels are destroying the Teleportation Gates along the North-Western Border of the Zelan Dynasty! Four of the Teleportation Gates have already been destroyed, but the rebels are also attacking other places. I'm afraid…"

Elandorr's face paled when he heard the Elven Guard's full report. According to the Guard, a giant, golden rod, descended from the sky and obliterated the Teleportation Gates in the four cities near the Hellan Border. 

"It's him!" Elandorr exclaimed. "It's the Saintess' son! William Von Ainsworth!"

A peal of thunder reverberated through the skies above the Capital City of Briar Glen. 

The Qilin, Eneru, immediately flew towards the North-Western Regions where William had been suspected to appear. Aside from him, no one among the Elven Reinforcements could travel great distances at the speed of lightning. 


"Finally, you've re-appeared!" Eneru gnashed his teeth as he saw the giant golden rod Glowing in the distance. "I will not let you escape, you bastard of that Hateful God! I will tear you to shreds!"




Chapter 472

"Hold it right there, you damned Brat!" Eneru roared as he streaked through the skies like a lightning bolt.

William sneered at the Qilin who was rapidly approaching his location. 

"It's not only you who can travel at the speed of lightning," William stated as his entire body exploded in a shower of sparks.

He flew towards the East, and Eneru followed at his heels like a rabid dog out for blood. 

While this was happening, the other Teleportation Gates in different cities were being crushed under the massive weight of Ruyi Jingu Bang.

William knew that he was on borrowed time. Every minute that passed was a step closer to losing the power of his Heroic Avatar. He intended to squeeze every second out of it in order to destroy as many Teleportation Gates as he could before making his escape from the Zelan Dynasty.

He didn't bother to engage the Elven Defenders who had been woken up in the middle of the night by his antics. Everytime he destroyed a Teleportation Gate, he would immediately fly towards the next location.

The William that Eneru had encountered was one of his clones, and the latter immediately lured the Qilin away from William, and the other clones, to prevent the Guardian Beast from getting in the way of their mission.

William was about to destroy another Teleportation Gate when a giant fist made of Earth blocked his way.

The Half-Elf immediately somersaulted upwards to evade the attack from the Ancient Golem, Drauum.

William softly landed on top of a white cloud as he stared down at the two-meter tall golem that was looking up at him with a cold gaze. 

"Hi." William sneered. "Bye!"


William subtly pointed his staff at a direction and silently activated his Quick Shot Fusion War Art. However, at that moment, the Earth rose up to enclose him in a dome. The Half-Elf immediately pointed his staff upwards and disappeared from his location.

Drauum frowned because it couldn't sense anything in the Earth Prison that it had created to entrap William. Still, it didn't disperse the spell right away. Instead, it made the prison shrink until it was only two meters big. 

It then used its powerful detection abilities to see if the Half-Elf was only using a trick to hide his presence. After making sure that the red-headed boy had really not been captured by its Earth Prison, Drauum smashed the Earth Dome into bits.

'That was close,' William thought as he stood on top of a cloud. 

He was currently above the dark-gray clouds that covered the continent in darkness. The Two Moons of Hestia, and the stars in the sky illuminated his image as he pointed his staff towards the nearest teleportation gate.

Now that Eneru and Drauum had arrived at the scene, his unrestricted rampage was nearing its end.

'I'll destroy one more before I leave,' William thought as he once again merged with his weapon and streaked across the lands of the Zelan Dynasty.

"Bastard!" Eneru roared when he realized that the Half-Elf that he just killed was only a clone. 

He once again took off towards the sky as he used its powerful senses to find the location of his target.

'There!' Eneru transformed into a lightning bolt as he headed towards the giant golden pillar that descended from the sky. Although he knew that it might be another clone, he still decided to go. As long as the possibility existed, Eneru was unwilling to let William go.

As someone that had ascended his rank, Eneru had developed an uncanny foresight. His instinct was screaming at him that the boy must be killed at all cost, or he would forever be suppressed under William's heel. 

This was something that he couldn't accept. His hatred for William had already exceeded Elandorr's. Eneru had long vowed that he wouldn't leave the Southern Continent until William's threat had been dealt with.


One by one, William's clones were destroyed by Eneru and Drauum. The Blademasters and Archmages of the Elven Army had all mobilized to defend the various teleportation Gates that remained. 

A loud rumbling sound resounded in the plaza as William destroyed another Teleportation Gate. All of the Elven Defenders that had stood in his way had already been dealt with, staining the ground with their blood.

Suddenly, a magical dome enveloped the entire city. William immediately felt a powerful pressure press down on him. However, the inherent strength of the Monkey King allowed him to brush this pressure off like rain falling down on his head.

"Impressive," Ezkalor said with genuine appreciation. "So young and already this powerful?"

The Elder Dragon's eyes narrowed as he appraised the Half-Elf in front of him. He was liking the boy more and more. It was as if the blood of the Elves that dyed the ground was mere water that was not worth his attention. 

Ezkalor's eyes were only focused on the boy in front of him. He had Arwen's eyes and Maxwell's red hair. 

It was at this moment when Eneru, Drauum, and several Elves arrived at the city, encircling William. The Elder Dragon gave them all a brief nod, before shifting his attention back to the teenageer in front of him.

"Elandorr is right," Ezkalor nodded his head in understanding. "You are using some kind of ability that temporarily boosts your strength. However, this ability of yours is about to end. Child, I already know your name, but can you formally introduce yourself to me?"

Eneru and Drauum moved closer, and the rest of the Elves used their magic powers to reinforce the Magic Barrier that had enclosed the entire city. They were not going to let William go no matter what.

"I need no introductions," William replied calmly. "You already know who I am."

Ezkalor smirked, "Child. You are without a doubt the most disrespectful Half-Elf I have ever heard of."

William returned the Elder Dragon's smirk with a smirk of his own. "But you have heard of me."


Ezkalor's smile widened when he heard William's snarky reply. Even though the Half-Elf had been surrounded and had no place to escape, the latter was still calm and even seemed to be enjoying everyone's attention. 

William scanned the faces of the Elves, as well as Eneru and Drauum who were only standing a few meters away from him. Eneru had a sinister smile on his face, and William didn't need to be a genius to understand what was going on in the Qilin's head.

"I will make sure that you remember this day, until your dying breath, Half Elf," Eneru said in a teasing manner that wouldn't lose to any pompous university student that still hadn't had the opportunity to meet Truck-kun in real life. 

"Indeed." William nodded. "This is the day you will always remember as the day you almost caught William Von Ainsworth."

William gave Eneru the middle finger before vanishing from where he stood. 

Everyone on the scene froze before going into an uproar.

Eneru stepped forward and waved his hand on the spot where William disappeared. He had thought that the Half-Elf was already in the bag and had no place to go.

Drauum showed a rare expression of irritation on its face as it extended its senses hundreds of miles away from where he stood. As a Pseudo-Demigod that could use the power of the Earth, it was able to detect any traces of William as long as he stood on the ground.

Ezkalor chuckled after realizing that the Half-Elf had indeed escaped from their encirclement. What was more incredible was that he did it in the presence of three of the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent.

"What an interesting child," Ezkalor said. He then gave the fuming Qilin a side-long glance before turning around to leave. 

The City had been under his spell, so he was sure that the boy was no longer around. Even if William was there, he would pretend that the boy had escaped. He owed Maxwell a favor and was willing to turn a blind eye to his son's mischief just this once. 

He just hoped that when the Elves came knocking on the Hellan Capital's Walls, the Half-Elf would surrender peacefully. That way, he would be able to take him into his custody and guarantee his life.


Away from the jaws of the Prideful Qilin, who was currently roaring at the sky to vent out his anger.




Chapter 473

William reappeared above the dark-gray clouds that covered the entire Southern Continent. His right hand was firmly holding Soleil's handle, while the other was pressed over his chest to calm his heart that was beating like a drum in a festival.

'Fortunately, I have Soleil,' William thought as he felt his body slowly becoming as heavy as led. The adrenaline rush had started to recede, and he was slowly feeling the after effects of using his Heroic Avatar.

This ability of his had Two Stages. The first one was for him to wield the power of the Monkey King in any way that he wanted. He could stay in this form for an hour at most.

The Second Stage is to summon Sun Wukong to Hestia to fight by his side. If he chose to activate the second stage, the Heroic Avatar would only last for half an hour. However, Sun Wukong would be able to unleash his full powers without any restriction.

Unfortunately, this skill had a very long cooldown. Once William summoned Sun Wukong to Hestia, he wouldn't be able to summon him again for a month. 

This was William's ultimate Trump Card because Sun Wukong had the power of a Pseudo Demigod. He even wondered if the Monkey King would be able to fight against Drauum who was pretty much invincible, as long as the Ancient Golem stood on the ground.

William merged with Soleil and flew towards the South. He didn't intend to return to the Hellan Kingdom right away. The Half-Elf decided that he would first visit the Sanctuary of the Minotaur Race.

When he was there the last time, he somehow felt that the gate was resonating with him. It was as if the gate would open up to him and allow him to pass, if he wished for it. Halfway through the journey, William decided to descend to the ground to rest.

He planned to rest inside the Thousand Beast Domain and continue his journey when the sun had risen. However, before everything else, he first contacted his spy who was currently monitoring the events near the city where he had been encircled by the Guardians and the Elven Elites. 

"Aethon," William said softly. "How are things on your end?"

"Chirp!"

The Wren chirped happily as it reported that Eneru had lost his marbles and was currently roaring like there's no tomorrow. 


William chuckled as the image of the arrogant Qilin, whose face was distorted with rage, appeared inside his mind.

"Rest for now and continue your report tomorrow," William ordered. "Inform me once the Elven Army starts to move.

"Chirp!"

William cut the connection and took a step forward. He reappeared inside the Thousand Beast Domain where everyone was waiting for him. 

"Will!" Wendy threw herself at her lover, who had refused to let any of them participate in the destruction of the Teleportation Gates. 

William hurriedly opened his arms to catch his First Wife who had an anxious expression on her face. 

Wendy latched onto him like a Koala, refusing to let go. She, as well as everyone inside the Domain, had witnessed how William faced the powerful enemies alone, and had almost been captured at the last moment.

William and the System had worked together to create a Movie like Projection inside the Thousand Beast Domain, to allow everyone to see the battle. The reason why William didn't allow them to participate was due to Eneru's and Drauum's existences.

If William was alone, he would be able to escape whenever he wanted to, without needing to worry about the safety of others. Although Wendy, Ashe, and Est protested, he didn't budge in his decision. 

Celine, Kasogonaga, and the other denizens of the Thousand Beast Domain also understood that William was right. In the face of absolute strength, all tricks were meaningless. 

"Are you really alright?" Wendy asked "Are you hurt anywhere?"

The blonde beauty touched William all over. William felt ticklish as his lover's hand wandered over his injuries.


Wendy breathed a sigh of relief because, aside from the tears in William's clothes and a few minor bruises, the Half-Elf was fine.

"Heal," Wendy said as she used the power of the Life Mage to heal William's injuries. 

A few seconds later, the bruises disappeared and the heavy feeling from the Heroic Avatar's side effects was washed away by the gentle light that enveloped William's body.

"Thank you, Wendy," William said as he kissed her cheek. 

"You're welcome," Wendy replied. "However, you should rest. Although I healed your injuries, the exhaustion in your body is still there."

William nodded. He then faced everyone that had given him moral support from inside the Thousand Beast Domain, while he was fighting against the Elves and the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent.

"You have all witnessed what we will be facing in the future," William said with a serious expression. "The Qilin, Eneru, the Ancient Golem, Drauum, and an Elder Dragon, Ezkalor. These three stand at the top of the Elven Hierarchy, and they are the foes that we cannot beat at this point in time."

All the denizens of the Thousand Beast Domain had solemn expressions on their faces. They understood that there was no way that they could contend with Myriad Beasts and a Pseudo-Demigod, even if they had the numbers.

"Hmp! If only I hadn't regressed during my time of imprisonment, I would have easily stomped that Golem under my foot!" Kasogonaga stated hatefully.

"You? Stomp on a Pseudo-Demigod?" Psoglav chuckled. "You sure say funny things, Kasogonaga."

"What's so funny about it? I'm a Demigod!"

"Oh? What a coincidence! I am also a Demigod. Nice to meet you, fellow Demigod."


Kasogonaga stomped its foot in irritation. It could tell that Psoglav didn't believe that it was a former Demigod. The rainbow-colored Anteater was very tempted to roll up into a ball and flatten the grinning Demonic Dog like a pizza dough.

William chuckled internally, but he didn't say anything. Kasogonaga and Psoglav had, surprisingly, become buddies during their dungeon expeditions in Atlantis. At first, the Anteater and Demonic Dog were at odds against each other, but now, they got along pretty well.

He hoped that the Beasts he had captured recently would also form bonds with the first residents of his Domain and get along with each other as well.

"You don't have to worry about the Guardians of the Elves," William stated. "There will be others who will face them head on. What you need to worry about is the bulk of the Elven Army. They are the foes that we will meet on the battlefield."

William paused as he scanned the faces of his lovers, his Master, and his knights. All of them looked back at him with determination in their eyes. 

He knew that they would not hesitate to fight side by side with him when the Elves arrived at the Capital City of Gladiolus. 

'The conclusion of this battle will be decided in Gladiolus,' William thought. 'Conner, I hope that you have made enough preparations.'

William found it ironic that he was wishing for the person that had started this whole mess, to succeed in whatever preparations he was working on.

Still, the Half-Elf knew that, even if he gave it his all, he alone would not be able to win this war. He needed Conner and his schemes.

"Everyone, rest for now," William said with a smile. "Tomorrow is a new day, and a new set of challenges awaits us all."

He then looked at Erchitu who was standing in front of the members of the Minotaur Race. William didn't tell him about his plan of trying to enter the Gate of Beginnings. He didn't want to raise the Giant White Ox's expectations.

'I just hope that my hunch is correct.' William clenched his fist in anticipation. 'King Minos… I pray that I will get the chance to talk to you tomorrow.'





Chapter 474

(Don't Open this Chapter. I accidentally posted it while setting my timers. If you don't want to get spoiled, DO NOT CLICK THIS CHAPTER! I will have the staff remove it asap.)

< Unstoppable Million Beast Charge >

(Active Skill)

-- When charging towards the enemies, all members of the Herd and King's Legion gain 80% resistance against ranged attacks.

-- When charging towards the enemies, all members of the Herd and King's Legion gain 80% resistance against magical attacks.

-- Each member of the Herd and King's Legion will receive a magical barrier that can endure up to 1,000,000 Health Points of damage.

-- Any member of the Herd that receives damage that surpasses 1,000,000 Health Points will immediately lose the effect of this buff. 

-- This skill can only be used if the Herd has a million or more members.

Drauum summoned thousands of Earth Spikes and hurled them at the charging Beast Army. Eneru and the Qilins focused their lightning blasts at their target, the red-headed boy riding on the back of the Angorian War Sovereign.

Ezkalor gritted his teeth as he reluctantly summoned wind blades to attack, but he didn't target William. Instead, he focused his attack on the other beasts that were leading the charge. 

A mighty roar erupted from the City of Gladiolus as Jekyll transformed and flew over the city walls. He intended to join William in this charge to fight the Elven Army head-on. The Taotie had long been holding back and wanted to beat the crap out of Eneru.

If not for the fact that there were other Guardians in the Elven Army's ranks, he would have already rushed ahead and rampage to his heart's content. 

The combined magical attack of the Elves, and Guardian Beasts, bounced off the bodies of the Angorian War Sovereigns as they closed the distance. 

Drauum roared as he charged forward with the intention of trampling William and his Beast Army like Ants. However, he had only walked a few steps before he was forced to stop.


A Black Minotaur stood in front of the Ancient Golem with its arms crossed over its chest. Although King Minos was three-meters tall, he was like a small bug in front of a hundred-meter-tall Golem.

Even so, the Sovereign of the Minotaur Race had a calm expression on his face as he hovered in the air.

"Why don't you pick someone your own size?" King Minos challenged before transforming into a hundred-meter-tall Minotaur whose presence made everyone tremble. "Or is your dignity so low that you can only bully children?" 

"Shut up, livestock!" Drauum shouted. 

King Minos chuckled and brushed away the Ancient Golem's taunt. 

"I think the Silvermoon Continent has been too peaceful as of late," King Minos commented. "A puny little golem like you thinks that it can take on the world by itself."

After having the final say, the Giant Black Minotaur grabbed the Ancient Golem's body and threw him in the air. He intended to fight Drauum far away from the two armies because a collision of Pseudo-Demigods could cause friendly fire.

King Minos didn't know if Drauum cared for the Elves or not, but he cared for his people. The thought of accidentally killing them during his rampage would burden his heart.

While King Minos accompanied Drauum to a duel, William's Army had closed the gap by half. Ella then issued a War Cry which further increased everyone's stats by 30%

Conner looked at this scene and clenched his fist. His blood boiled inside his body as he ordered the city gates to be opened. 

He knew that this was a crucial moment and he couldn't afford to hold back his forces. If William and his army fell in this battle, he would be the one to fall next.

The Gates of Gladiolus opened and the Super Soldiers and Ash Golems surged forward. 

Conner whistled and a Black Gryphon landed beside him. He planned to join the battle and kill as many Elves as he could in order to avenge the person whom he had lost.

"Calum, I'll leave the City's command to you," Conner said. 


Calum nodded, "Be careful, Sir."

Conner gave him a brief nod before urging his mount to fly. The Gryphons and the Hippogriffs also took flight and followed him to the battlefield. Over a Hundred Lamassus' flew towards the city wall and landed beside Prince Alaric and the Freedom Fighters.

The Crown Prince mounted the leader of the Lamassus and the rest followed. They were not only fighting for the Hellan Kingdom, but for their homeland as well.

"Glory to the Zelan Dynasty!" Prince Alaric raised his weapon.

""Glory to the Zelan Dynasty!""

Prince Alaric then pointed his sword towards the Elven Army as he, and the members of the Freedom Fighters descended onto the battlefield.

"Kill!"

""Kill!""

Elandorr ordered the Vanguard to brace for impact as the Elven Mages chanted their spells. The volley of arrows by the Elven Warriors fired non-stop, but all of these attacks were deflected by the barrier that was protecting the approaching Beast Army.

"Raise the barrier!" Elandorr ordered.

It was too late to cast offensive skills because William's Army was almost upon them. The Elven Mages then unleashed a magical barrier that wouldn't lose to the barrier that protected Gladiolus from Drauum's powerful offensive.

When the barrier took effect, the Elves that were on the frontline sighed a breath of relief in their hearts because they weren't confident that they would survive a head-on collision with the beasts that seemed to be immune to any kind of damage.

It was at this moment when a powerful shriek, followed by an adorable, yet, hate-filled voice reached their ears.

The Blood Eagle, Scadrez descended like a rocket. It was one of the fastest birds of prey that ever existed in the world of Hestia, on its back was a rainbow-colored Anteater whose grudge against the Elves had burned brightly for thousands of years.


"I'M ROLLING!"

Kasogonaga turned into a rainbow-colored wrecking ball and slammed into the magical barrier of the Elves. 

To the Elves' disbelief, the place where the little Anteater slammed its body cracked. Soon, this crack widened and spread across the magical barrier.

"If you refuse to stop your daydreams then I will shatter it!" Kasogonaga declared. "Just like what happened thousands of years ago. I came here today to break all of your delusions!"

"I'M ROOOOOOOOLLING!"

The Magic Barrier shattered into countless pieces as the Deity of the Sky rolled like it did thousands of years ago.

The rainbow-colored Rolling Calamity.

The Kind-Hearted, yet easily offended, Deity of the Sky who held grudges.

The one and only, Kasogonaga!

"I-Impossible!" Shafel exclaimed as the barrier disintegrated in front of him.

Elandorr froze for a brief moment before he gave his next order.

"Brace for impact!" Elandorr shouted.

The Vanguard hurriedly summoned their shields and braced for impact. All the Elves gritted their teeth as the ground trembled under their feet. The rumbling sounds of Millions of hooves, and paws, created a deadly symphony that was similar to the rumbling of thunder. 

Time seemed to slow down, as Elandorr watched the Angorian War Sovereign, that was in front of the charge, lower its Adamantium-reinforced horns to bulldoze its way towards the Elven Formation.


He watched as the Elves and Forest Wolves in front of the army crashed into the comrades behind them as the Unstoppable Beast Charge's momentum carried them backward.

Blood sprayed into the air as William's King's Legion, mercilessly trampled all those who stood before them. 




Chapter 475

Morning came and the Elves finally finished tallying the damages that they had suffered under William's hands.

The Half-Elf had managed to destroy eleven teleportation gates in less than an hour. These gates were located in strategic locations that allowed faster travel from the Capital City towards its North-Western Border. 

The System had calculated that they should destroy the eight primary teleportation gates at a minimum in order to delay the Elves' march as much time as possible. Fortunately, William had surpassed that number, which made things even more difficult for the elves.

Now, they had to spend approximately eight days traveling through the air, in order to reach the border of the Hellan Kingdom. If they were to travel on land then it would take much longer. 

The Three Guardians, Princess Eowyn, Elandorr, the Patriarch's of the Clans, and the High-Ranking Officers of the Elven army had gathered inside the conference room of the Royal Palace in order to discuss their next course of action.

They were debating whether or not the Elven Army should travel together, or allow those with flying mounts to advance first. Their destination was the Azure Fortress. Elandorr proposed that those with flying mounts should proceed first, in order to make the necessary preparations before the main bulk of the army arrived.

Some agreed to this proposal, while others didn't.

"I think it will be safer if the army traveled together," one of the Elven Commanders said with a serious expression. "The attack that happened last night seemed to have been a planned action. Although the reports say that the attacker was only a single person, that didn't mean that he didn't have any allies to serve as reinforcements."

"Indeed," the Patriarch of the Eroan Clan voiced his agreement. "If you study the layout where the teleportation gates are located, you can tell that they had been carefully chosen in order to delay our advance to the Human kingdom as much as possible.

"You said that the son of the Saintess was from the Hellan Kingdom, and yet, he managed to accurately strike where it mattered the most. This knowledge should only be available to the local citizens of this Dynasty. Obviously, he had helpers as well. Helpers whose numbers we are not aware of."

The Patriarch of the Eroan Clan was about to say more, but Shafel cleared his throat in order to divert everyone's attention to him. 

"What happened last night won't happen again," Shafel said with confidence. "Even if that person has allies, so what? At most they are just Human children."

Shafel then glanced at the Elven Commander who had voiced that the Elven Army should travel as a single unit.

"Are you saying that our Mighty Elven Army is afraid of children?" Shafel asked. 

"Your Excellency, that is not what I meant," the Elven Commander replied with a calm expression. "When it comes to war, underestimating your opponent is a fatal mistake."

"Overestimating them is a fatal mistake as well," Drauum replied. "Eneru and Ezkalor will travel with the vanguard, while I will remain to oversee the main army. Even if that Half-Elf returns with reinforcements, he will not be able to do anything."


The Elven Commander sighed in his heart and reluctantly nodded his head. Since one of their Guardians decided to step in the conversation, any further argument was pointless.

The talks then proceeded to the next task, which was to choose the route that the army would traverse in order to reach their destination. 

Drauum, Elandorr, and the other officers frowned when they discovered that the only path for those who would travel on land was through the mountains of the Northern Regions. 

According to the scouts that had been sent to gather information about the layout of the Zelan Dynasty, the Mountainous regions of the North had steep slopes, cliffs, and narrow passageways that would limit the movement of the army.

Also, it was the perfect place for an ambush. The Three Guardians were already aware of William's ability to escape from their grasp, so they were sure that he would appear in the Northern Mountains in order to hinder their advance.

"Such a troublesome bastard." Eneru snorted.

Ezkalor didn't say anything, and kept a calm expression on his face. He also felt that William was a very daring person, and the chances of him appearing in the mountains to ambush them were high. 

Even Drauum had to agree that the Half-Elf's escaping ability was top notch. Even after it had scanned the lands hundreds of miles away from where they cornered William, it didn't yield any results.

This discovery had led to another debate about which was the best solution for their problem. 

"I think it is best that the army travel together."

Princess Eowyn voiced her opinion since no one else could decide what to do. 

"There is safety in numbers, and we are not familiar with the layout of the land," Princess Eowyn stated. "It would be foolish to assume that we know these lands like the back of our hands when we've only been here for a very short time. There's no need to underestimate the son of the Saintess. His father is a Hero, and his mother is the Guardian of the World Tree.

"He already proved his capabilities when he had destroyed the Teleportation Gates and cornered us into taking only one route for our advance. Also, he was able to escape from our encirclement. This feat is not something that can be done by someone ordinary."

The Princess of the Elves lowered her head after voicing out her opinion. Although she didn't say it out loud, she made it clear that William had been able to take his leave right under the noses of three of the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent.

The corner of Drauum's and Eneru's lips twitched because they couldn't refute Princess Eowyn's statement.

Ezkalor, on the other hand, chuckled in agreement. Unlike his two comrades, the Elder Dragon was quite amused by William's daring escape. This had increased his impression of the boy whom he had met last night.


Half an hour later, everyone came to an agreement that the army should march together. This was to keep the incident that had happened a few hours ago from happening again.

Just as the Elves finished their discussion, William had arrived at the Gate of the Beginnings. He had overslept, because his lovers didn't have the heart to wake him up and allowed him to rest properly. 

Even so, he felt thankful because he felt refreshed after he woke up. The past few weeks had been exhausting for him because he had been traveling non-stop in the Anaesha Dynasty in order to mine resources and to capture Herd Type Beasts to add to his army. 

As he walked towards the Gate of the Beginnings, he sensed a welcoming presence in the surroundings. It was as if the Gate was meeting an old friend who hadn't visited it for many years.

William stared at the gate for a while before placing both of his hands over it. Suddenly, a tingling sensation washed over his body and a notification appeared on his Status Page.

< Ding! >

< Would you like to enter the Gate of Beginnings? >

< Yes / No >

William chose Yes, and immediately he felt himself being pulled towards the gate. 

Soon, he found himself in what seemed to be at the end of a tunnel, staring down at a massive maze in the distance.

"Erchitu," William said softly.

A portal appeared beside the Half-Elf and a Giant White Ox stepped out of it. 

Erchitu had a shocked expression on his face when he saw the entrance of the Labyrinth, which would take them towards the Palace of King Minos where the Minotaur Race resided.

"Unbelievable," Erchitu muttered. "To think that you could pass through the Gate of Beginnings despite the powerful seal that was placed on it."

Erchitu looked down on the Half-Elf beside him with genuine admiration. 

"Just how did you do it?" Erchitu inquired.


William scratched his cheek because he also didn't know how he did it. What he didn't know was that the Gate of Beginnings had been made by David, to protect the Minotaur Race from those who wished them ill.

Since he was the one who made it, it was only natural for his chosen Disciples to be able to enter it as well. 

"Do we need to traverse that maze before we can meet your King?" William decided to change the topic and asked a question.

Erchitu got the hint and nodded his head in acknowledgement. Since William didn't want to talk about it then he wouldn't force the issue.

"Yes," Erchitu replied. "Beyond this maze lay the Ashenward Palace. The stronghold of the Minotaur Race."

William could sense the pride in Erchitu's words as he said the name of their palace. The Half-Elf could tell that the Giant Ox had missed his home after being unable to return due to his current circumstances.

"Well then, let's go," William said with a smile. "If possible, I would like to have an audience with your King. Can you take me to him, Erchitu?"

Erchitu nodded his head as he lowered his hand to pick up William. He then placed the Shepherd on his shoulder as he walked towards the entrance of the Maze.

The Minotaur Race knew the route of the maze by heart, and none of them could get lost in it even if they wanted to.

The Giant Ox had only taken a few steps inside the entrance when the walls of the maze started to shake.

Erchitu and William's eyes widened as the Maze rearranged itself right before their very eyes. Instead of a series of twists and turns, the walls had arranged themselves properly, leaving a straight path forward.

"Um, is this normal?" William asked.

Erchitu firmly shook his head. This was the first time he had seen this phenomenon after traversing the maze for so many years.

Clearly, this was another privilege that was only available to David's Disciple. 

Deep inside the Ashenward Palace, King Minos opened his eyes. He had clearly felt someone enter the Gate of the Beginnings, and knew that this was no ordinary intruder. 

The King of the Minotaur Race raised his hand and two Minotaurs appeared in front of him.


"Go and welcome our guest," King Minos ordered. "Bring him to me."

""Yes, Your Majesty!""




Chapter 476

An hour later, William and Erchitu arrived at Ashenward Palace, while being escorted by two Minotaurs that were three meters tall. 

The Half-Elf was shocked when he learned from Erchitu that their two escorts were the two Princes of the Minotaur Race.

The Red Minotaur's name was Icarus, while the Blue Minotaur's name was Daedalus. Both greeted William and Erchitu warmly when they met them at the end of the maze. 

The two Princes were surprised to see Erchitu alongside William because no one could get in and out of the Gate of the Beginnings due to it being completely sealed. 

They were quite curious about how the red-headed boy was able to enter their domain, despite the powerful formations that had kept the Elves from breaching their defenses.

Icarus opened the doors that led to the throne room and made a gesture for William to enter.

As soon as he stepped inside the throne room, the Half-Elf's gaze landed on the marble throne where a black Minotaur sat, that was looking at William with deep interest.

"Step forward, Child," King Minos said in a friendly tone. "It has been a while since we have had guests inside the palace."

William nodded and obediently obeyed the Sovereign of the Minotaur Race. He only stopped when he was ten meters away from the throne and observed the King who was looking back at him with a smile.

"I see, so you are a disciple of our Eternal Guardian," King Minos smile widened after he confirmed his suspicions. 

The King of the Minotaurs stood up, and walked down the steps that led to his throne before stopping two meters away from William.

Just like Icarus and Daedalus, King Minos was three-meters tall and radiated a powerful presence. Although he felt that it was disrespectful to do so, William wasn't able to stop himself from using his appraisal skill to check the Minotaur King's information

< King Minos > 

-- Sovereign of the Minotaur Race

-- One who was favored by the Gods

-- Creator of the Code of Laws

-- Threat Level: SSR+ 


-- Pseudo-Demigod

-- Can be added to the Herd

-- Success Rate: .0001%

-- King Minos is the mighty sovereign of the Minotaur Race. He has watched over and protected the Zelan Dynasty from those who wished to conquer its lands.

-- Blessed by great strength and intellect, he created the Code of Laws that allows him to bend the rules of reality to do his bidding for a brief period of time.

-- Just like his ancestors, he pledged his eternal loyalty to the God of Shepherds, which granted him this favor. There are very few beings, alive or dead, that were capable of stopping his charge in the battlefield.

William gulped after reading King Minos' information. At first, he thought that the King of the Minotaurs was only a peak Myriad Beast like the Myriad Ant Queen of the Anaesha Dynasty. 

He didn't expect that the Minotaur in front of him was already a Pseudo-Demigod similar to the Ancient Golem, Drauum.

"Child, it's not good to pry into the secrets of others without their permission," King Minos said. "At least, this is true for beings such as myself."

William felt embarrassed because his act had been discovered. He hurriedly bowed his head and apologized to the Minotaur King who was looking down at him with a devilish smile.

"I'm sorry, Your Majesty," William replied as he bowed his head. "I wasn't able to stop my curiosity."

King Minos chuckled as he walked back towards his throne. He only wanted to confirm something, so he approached William at close quarters. After verifying his hunch, he once again sat on his throne and eyed the red-headed boy with a calm expression on his face.

"Did you come to our sanctuary out of curiosity, or do you have a purpose for coming?" King Minos inquired. 

William nodded. He then explained the current situation of the Southern Continent to everyone present in the room.

Icarus and Daedalus frowned after hearing William's story. Although they had already expected that the Zelan Dynasty would soon be conquered by the Elves, they were not aware that the survivors had been treated harshly.

Icarus even roared in anger when he heard about the Ash Golems born from the remains of the survivors that had been thrown in a fiery pit.

William, too, felt anger when he heard this from Ezio. After torturing the survivors to their deaths, their bodies were then used as tools to create golems to aid the Elves in war. This was a very inhumane thing to do, but the Elves did it because they treated the Humans as an inferior race.


After listening to William's narration, King Minos remained seated on his throne. He still had a calm expression on his face, but there was a subtle hint of killing intent that flashed briefly in the depths of his eyes, before disappearing completely.

"Ariadne, have you heard everything?" King Minos asked.

"Yes, Your Majesty."

The door of the throne room opened and a lady with long, dark-brown hair walked inside with a serious expression on her face.

William looked at the newcomer, but found himself hard pressed to focus his attention on her. She was like the reflection of the moon on the surface of the lake that disappeared whenever a stone was thrown onto it, creating ripples that destroyed its image.

This was what was currently happening to William. No matter how hard he tried, he simply couldn't retain the image of the lady in his memories. He couldn't even remember what she looked like!

Ariadne ignored William's focused stare as she stood a few meters away from the red-headed boy.

"The time is near, Your Majesty," Ariadne said. "The decision lay in your hands."

King Minos nodded as he shifted his attention back to William.

"Did you come here to ask for my help?" King Minos inquired. 

"Yes, Your Majesty," William replied.

A long silence descended on the throne room. Icarus, Daedalus, Erchitu, and Ariadne, waited patiently for King Minos' decision. No matter what choice he made, all of them would obey his decree.

"Right now, the members of our race are in a weakened state," King Minos said after a five-minute silence. "Also, the Gate of Beginnings will not open for two years. If you can solve these two problems, I will agree to aid you twice."

King Minos' stared straight into William's eyes as if probing him if he was capable of solving the obstacles that prevented their race from honoring their oath to the God of Shepherds.

"I don't know if I will be able to cure the MInotaur Race from their weakened state. However, I think I have a way for you to leave this place without opening the Gate of Beginnings," William replied. 

"As long as you are able to overcome these two conditions, we will honor our pledge to fight by your side," King Minos stated. 

"I can only say that I will do my best, Your Majesty."


"Good. You can start now. Icarus, Daedalus, bring him to Spirehorn Haven."

""Yes, Your Majesty!""

The two Minotaur Princes led William and Erchitu to the place where the Minotaur Race were currently resting. 

After the doors of the throne room closed, King Minos' gaze landed on Ariadne who was looking back at him with a serious expression.

"Are you sure about this?" Ariadne asked.

King Minos nodded. 

"Many will die," Ariadne stated.

"Yes." King Minos agreed. "But, this is inevitable. We made a pledge to the Zelan Dynasty, as well as to our Eternal Guardian. We have turned our back on our first pledge, we can't turn our back on the second."

Ariadne sighed, as she reluctantly nodded her head. She was the one that had advised King Minos to seal the Sanctuary of the Minotaur Race to prevent the Elves from invading their Domain while they were in their weakened state.

However, by doing so, they had broken their pledge to protect the Zelan Dynasty from those who wished to invade it.

King Minos was right. They had already broken their oath once, and had allowed the survivors of the Zelan Dynasty to suffer under the hands of the Elves. 

"So be it," Ariadne said firmly. "I will make the necessary preparations."

King Minos nodded. "Go. I need time to think."

Ariadne gave the King a curtsy before leaving the throne room. 

King Minos closed his eyes when the two doors closed behind Ariadne's back. It had been hundreds of years since he had personally led the Minotaurs to fight on the battlefield. He was not afraid of going to war, in fact he was looking forward to it.

They were a race that was born for battle, so fighting alongside William wasn't an issue. His only concern was whether William was capable of resolving the weakness that had currently befallen the Minotaur Race.

As long as that issue was resolved, he would give his best, to smash the heads of those hateful Elves, in order to avenge the lives of the innocent children of the Zelan Dynasty, as well as a way to atone and redeem himself from the oath that he had once broken.





Chapter 477

"This is the current situation right now," William said with a serious expression. "Sadly, my plan to harass the Elven Army in the mountains will have to be cancelled."

Conner nodded. "It's fine. Can you give me an estimate on how long it would take for you to finish what you're doing right now?"

"The soonest will be a week from now, it might take a little longer though because of their numbers."

"Understood. I'll handle the rest."

Conner tapped his finger on top of the table as he formulated a plan in his head. "This informant that you spoke of… can he send us up to date information on the movement of the Elven Army? Also, can the information be trusted?"

William nodded. "I already spoke to him about Brendan. He will send regular updates whenever he can to your aide."

"Okay," Conner replied.

William looked at Conner's projection with a serious expression. He knew that by the time he finished his work, the Elven Army might have already entered the borders of the Hellan Kingdom. The Leader of Deus had already briefed him that they would not engage them in a confrontation and just defend Gladiolus with all the forces that they could muster.

Even so, William was still worried that he might not arrive before the final battle took place.

"Just a glance and I can tell that you don't think that we will be able to resist the Elven Army," Conner snorted. "Boy, you sure underestimate what I can do."

"Can you really hold out?" William inquired. 

"Of course. If it's just against the Elves then I can defend the city for a few days."

William crossed his arms over his chest as he eyed Conner. "They have a Pseudo-Demigod among their ranks, you know?"

"What of it?" Conner asked as if a Pseudo-Demigod didn't amount to anything. "It's just an Ancient Earth Golem that thinks too highly of itself. I've long wanted to put it in its place."


"Well, if you say so then it must be true."

"Just don't take your sweet time and get here before they invade the second defensive wall of the Inner City. Once they breach our last line of defense, the fall of Gladiolus is set in stone."

William nodded. "I will do my best. If things go South, you can just surrender. I'll take things from there."

"Me? Surrender?" Conner sneered. "Surrender is not part of my dictionary, boy. Besides, I have prepared for many years for a faceoff against the Elves. This is a good opportunity to test them all out. I'll cut the connection now, report to me as soon as you finish King Minos' condition."

"Very well. I pray for your success," William replied.

Conner nodded and his projection faded completely.

William sighed as he gazed at the countless members of the minotaur race that had gathered to see him. 

Just as King Minos had said, the members of the Minotaur Race were in a weakened state. They could at most only use half of their original strength right now. None of them were in a good condition to fight in a war where the fate of their entire race was at stake. 

"Sir William, everything has been prepared," Icarus said. "We can start anytime."

William gave the Minotaur Prince a brief nod before going to the center of the city. It is where he would meditate and channel his powers to help dispel the weakness that had plagued the entire Minotaur Race.

Meanwhile, high above the skies of the Zelan Dynasty, the Blood Eagle, Scadrez, flew in the direction of the Hellan Kingdom at full speed.

William had given him an order to visit Takam in the Kyrintor Mountains. There was something that he needed to confirm with the Demigod, who seemed to have predicted that things would turn out the way they did.

Also, William wanted to confirm the type of help the Demigod had promised him. Right now, he didn't want to hear any vague answers. What he wanted to know was what concrete action Takam would take in order to aid him in this war against the Elves.

The members of William's Herd and Legion had redoubled their efforts in increasing their ranks, while training inside the Atlantis Dungeon. This was their last chance to get as strong as they could before they rushed towards the Hellan Kingdom to reinforce the defenders at the City of Gladiolus.


William took a deep breath as he sat cross legged at the center of Spire Horn Haven, where all the members of the Minotaur Races, including their young, had gathered.

He summoned his wooden staff and laid it on top of his legs, before closing his eyes to meditate. 

Soon, a gentle breeze washed over those who were near him. The power within William's body started to overflow and resonate with the wooden staff in his hands. 

A minute later, a golden circle expanded around William's body. Slowly, but surely, it grew in size as it began to encompass everyone that was near him. This process required a lot of concentration on William's part and an endless supply of magical energy.

Fortunately, the place where he was sitting was directly on top of a leyline that contained tremendous magic power. King Minos had given him permission to tap into this vast magical power and help the Minotaurs regain their strength. 

This was a long and tedious process, and William could only grit his teeth until his task was completed. He knew that if he really succeeded then he would have the aid of a mighty army that would help tip the scales of battle in their favor.

"Advance!" Elandorr ordered.

"Advance!"

"Advance!"

"Advance!"

His order was repeated by the Elven Army as they started to enter the Teleportation Gate located in the Capital City of Briar Glen.

Although the majority of the gates found on the Northern Regions had been destroyed, there were still a few that were in good working condition. 

Even though they had no other choice but to traverse the mountainous path of the North-Western regions of the Zelan Dynasty, Elandorr, as well as the High-Ranking Officers of the Elven Army, weren't worried about any possible ambush along the way.

Eneru and Drauum were currently guarding their planned route, and had already made adequate preparations, just in case William and his reinforcements appeared to delay their advance. 


They still didn't know how the Half-Elf managed to escape from their encirclement last time, but two of the Guardians were sure that there wouldn't be a next time. 

The two Guardians were even looking forward to William's appearance, so that they could capture him once and for all.

Unfortunately, the Half-Elf was busy with other things and had no time to play with them. 

At the same time, the Army of the Kraetor Empire also started to stir. The Myriad Ant Queen had already reported the Elven Army's movement, and the Young Empress deemed that it was also the right time for them to head out.

Although they had a Non-Aggression Pact with the Elves and the Hellan Kingdom, that didn't mean that they couldn't spectate and watch the battle between both sides. 

'And so it begins,' Empress Sidonie thought as she sat on her throne, which was mounted on top of a Flying Golden Ant Overlord that was at the peak of the Millennial Rank. 

The Grand Archmage Evexius, Priscilla, and the two Sword Saints of the Kraetor Empire, sat on their respective seats behind the throne of the Empress. 

"Advance!" Empress Sidonie ordered. 

Cheers, and shrieks of approval answered her command as a grand procession of Warriors Ants began their journey to witness the final battle that would be fought in the Southern Continent.

Empress Sidonie, and her retainers wanted to see the outcome of this war. Naturally, the majority of the Kraetor Army, including its High-Rankings Officers, had already assumed that the victors would be the Elves.

The Young Empress was not one of them. She didn't know why, but she believed that her beloved Shepherd would somehow turn the tables around and give the Elves a crushing defeat.

'I'll see you soon, Sir William. Show me the power of the man worthy of my love.'

< You mean, 'Our Love', right, Sidonie? >

Empress Sidonie gave her other half a teasing smile before looking towards the West. She could still remember the words William had said before parting with her in the capital city of Veritas. 


The Half-Elf had said that if he survived the war then he would seriously consider her feelings. 

'Don't worry. No matter what, I won't let you die.' Empress Sidonie vowed. She had already made her preparations, and would see them through to the very end. The only question that remained was whether the star of the show would make his appearance.

If not then Empress Sidonie had no other choice but to flip the tables and settle the matter with her own hands.




Chapter 478

"Please, be safe Ernest," Brianna said as she held the young prince's hand. "You better survive, or else I'll marry Big Brother when I grow up."

"I will definitely survive," Prince Ernest replied firmly. "The one you will be marrying is me, Big Sister."

"Okay. Just don't die."

"I won't die."

Brianna pulled the young Prince close and gave him a hug. Afterwards, she gave him a kiss on the cheek before running back inside the Great Chieftain's residence. 

She was afraid that if she stayed any longer, she would definitely be unwilling to let go of his hand and delay his return to the Hellan Kingdom. As the current Great Chieftain of the Tribes, Brianna knew how important it was to have a leader to guide the people during difficult times.

Prince Ernest belonged to the Hellan Kingdom, and it was his duty as the member of the Royal Family to protect his Kingdom from those who wanted to conquer it.

The Young Prince watched his fiance run away with a sad expression on his face. However, he knew that he had to go no matter what. 

"I'm ready," Prince Ernest said as he faced Prince Alaric with determination.

Prince Alaric nodded and made a gesture for the Young Prince to climb the carriage. He had traveled as fast as he could to arrive at the Kyrintor Mountains, in order to escort the Third Prince back to the Capital City of Gladiolus. 

Soon, the Lamassu flapped its wings and soared towards the sky, pulling the Flying Carriage behind it. 

Prince Ernest looked outside of the window and watched as the Third Peak of Chivalry slowly disappeared from his sights. He didn't know when he would be able to see Brianna again, or if he would get the chance to see her again.

"I won't die," Prince Ernest said softly. "I promise."

Prince Alaric pretended that he didn't hear the Young Prince's words and closed his eyes to sleep. He hadn't been able to sleep for the past few days due to constant worrying about whether he could convince the Prince to come with him.

Fortunately, Prince Ernest loved his Kingdom, and readily agreed to his request to return to the Hellan Capital. According to Conner, there were certain things that only members of the Royal Family could do.

Just like William, Prince Alaric didn't like Conner because he was the one responsible for all of this mess. However, he had no choice but to cooperate with him for the time being in order to fight against the invaders that had occupied the Zelan Dynasty, and forced him to flee to distant lands.

Their journey back towards the City of Gladiolus would take at least four days. Prince Alaric hoped that in those four days, the Elves would still be far away from the walls of the city. That way, Prince Ernest could use the rights of the Royal Family, and disable the Teleportation Gates in the Hellan Kingdom.

This would give them a few more days to prepare their defenses, and evacuate the survivors who didn't have the ability to participate in the war. Also, according to the Leader of Deus, Prince Ernest may also know how to activate the true defensive capabilities of Gladiolus. 

Eneru clicked his tongue as he stared down on the ground. He was currently hovering above the mountainous region where the Elven Army was moving in an orderly manner.


Ezkalor was also monitoring everything from the sky to ensure that no danger would befall the Elven Army. 

Drauum, on the other hand, stood on the highest peak of the Mountain. It was constantly sending a powerful sweep, similar to a radar, to check if there was anything unusual above, or below the ground.

It was at this moment when it saw something move in the distance. It was two birds flying side by side. One was a red bird, the other, a blue bird.

Drauum frowned but didn't pay them too much attention. They had already seen similar birds along the way, and the Three Guardians had unanimously agreed that none of them posed any threat to the Elven Army.

The Elves had wanted to shoot down these birds to ease their boredom, but a stern glare from Eneru made them stop in their tracks. 

"This is not a time to play," Eneru reminded them. "The sooner we get through these mountains, the sooner all of you can relax. Do not cause any unnecessary trouble until then."

This reminder had saved those harmless looking birds who did nothing but fly around the mountain in pairs.

When night came, the Elves had pitched their tents in order to rest for the night. It would take them three days in order to traverse the mountain range, and there was nothing they could do about it.

Sitting on trees that sprouted from the cliffs of the mountainous region, the rainbow-colored birds set their eyes on the Elven Camp. They were waiting patiently for an opportunity to make their move.

The rainbow-colored birds knew that they only had one chance, and one chance only. Once they executed the plan, all the Elves, as well as the three Guardians would move to wipe them out. 

The next day…

"This is the day you will always remember as the day you almost caught William Von Ainsworth."

Eneru and Drauum rushed in the direction where they heard the arrogant voice of the Half-Elf, who they had wanted to torture for a long time, come from.

Ezkalor also wanted to follow, but the two explicitly told him that he was to guard the Elven Army while the two of them were away.

The moment the Two Guardians left their post, several rainbow-colored birds flew in the air and sneakily flew over the peak of the mountain. 

When they arrived at their destinations, they embedded several exploding crystals in the crevices along the mountain range.

Once their duty was completed, they flew away as if they were just sightseeing in the mountains. The Elven Army was currently having their lunch and had stopped their advance. The Rainbow Birds decided to take this opportunity to play a trick on them to divert the attention of the Guardians who had been constantly guarding their surroundings.

The one that imitated William's voice was the red bird, B1. It made sure to raise the volume of its voice as high as it could, and allowed the echo of the mountain to carry it towards the location of the Elves. 

It hadn't even been ten seconds since it shouted before Eneru arrived at the scene. The red bird was smart enough to prepare berries beforehand to be used as props for his act. Eneru scanned the surroundings while the red bird ate its berries.


Drauum appeared not long after and did the same. B1 didn't dare to do anything suspicious and just enjoyed its lunch just like any ordinary bird. 

"Did you find him?" Drauum asked.

"No," Eneru replied. "That bastard has a way to instantly disappear even if he is trapped inside a magical barrier. The only way to capture him is if we take him by surprise."

Drauum nodded because it agreed with Eneru's statement. The Ancient Golem then glanced at the red bird that was busy eating the berries it had collected. Eneru also gave the bird a side-long glance before returning to the Elven Encampment.

As a Myriad Beast of the Lightning Element, he had the ability to see through disguises. The bird was a beast, and not a Half-Elf in disguise. Since he knew this, he didn't give the red bird a second glance and left it alone.

Drauum, on the other hand, gave the bird a long and steady stare. Only when B1 was about to choke on its berries did the Ancient Golem merge with the ground and return to the peak of the mountain to continue its vigil.

William sighed when the Ancient Golem had finally left B1 alone. The Rainbow Birds had successfully planted the exploding crystals in key locations along the mountain range. Although he wasn't sure if his plan would work, there were no downsides to giving it a try.

The second night, when the Elves had just settled down to rest...

An arrogant voice once again echoed in the mountain, only this time, it taunted the Guardians who were keeping watch over the Army.

"Eneru, how does it feel to lose your two whiskers? Don't worry, I will not tell anyone how the Protector of the Kraetor Empire used your face to wipe the floor of the Royal Palace like a piece of rag. Man… if that were me, I'd probably die of embarrassment and shame if others were to know about it."

Eneru roared as he turned into a lightning bolt to charge in the direction where the voice came from. 

Drauum didn't sit idly either and followed its comrade.

Ezkalor sneakily followed the two, leaving the Elven Army behind.

Half a minute after the three Guardians left, a loud explosion erupted at the peak of the mountain, sending rocks tumbling towards the Elven Encampment like a raging tide. All the Elves had woken up due to the explosion and scrambled to brace themselves for impact.

However, before the rocks could annihilate a portion of the Elven Army, a dome of Earth appeared to shield them from harm. 

Drauum appeared at the scene with its arms crossed over its chest. It had only pretended to leave the encampment earlier, according to the plan that he and Eneru had spoken beforehand.

Both of them were not stupid, and they could easily tell that they were being lured away from the Elven Army on purpose. 

Since that was the case, they had secretly discussed a plan about what to do if the same thing were to happen again.

After the Avalanche had been dealt with, Eneru returned to the scene carrying a red bird in his hands. He gave Drauum a nod, and the latter turned its head to gaze at the birds that were currently resting near the crevices of the mountain. 


"Nice try," Drauum said as it clenched its fist. 

Immediately, Earth Spikes flew in the air and pierced the bodies of all the birds in the surroundings. The birds exploded after they had died, leaving nothing behind.

Eneru raised the red bird in his hand and stared at it in a teasing manner.

"Any last words?" Eneru asked

"F*ck off!" B1 replied as it summoned a green bottle from its inventory. As soon as the bottle appeared, it then immediately detonated itself at the same time.

A powerful explosion took place and an irritated Eneru roared in anger. Although the attack of that magnitude couldn't cause him any serious injury, it still managed to give him first degree burns because the explosion happened at point-blank-range.

The acid that William had created through alchemy was strong enough to melt the bodies of Class D Creatures without any problem. Since Eneru was a Myriad Beast, it didn't have much of an effect on him, but the Rainbow Bird's detonation amplified the effect of the acid and made it strong enough to kill a Class B Beast. 

"I will kill you!" Eneru wasn't able to stop himself from roaring towards the sky in anger. "I swear on my true name that I will kill you, William Von Ainsworth!"

Eneru's hateful roars summoned a thunderstorm in the sky. Soon, lightning flashed and thunder rumbled in the heavens. 

He had repeatedly suffered under William's hands and was on the verge of losing his rationality. Drauum and Ezkalor had no doubt in their minds that even if they chose to take the boy under their custody, the Qilin would do everything in his power to kill him.

'Child, I don't know if I should praise you, or mock you for your stupidity.' Ezkalor sighed in his heart. 'A Guardian Beast had made an irreversible oath against you. This is not something that can be solved through negotiations.'

The Elder Dragon didn't know what to do. He originally wanted to take William into his custody when the war ended, so that he could reunite with his mother. However, now that Eneru had made an oath of death, this was no longer possible. 

'Maxwell, your son is such a handful.' Ezkalor shook his head. 'I guess, instead of the mother and son reuniting, it will be the father and son who will reunite. Such a shame, truly a shame.'

Drauum, who was looking at the Qilin from the side, had an indifferent look on its face. It didn't care whether Eneru killed William or not. All that mattered to it was the success of this mission. 

Still, whenever it remembered the boy's face, it couldn't help itself from remembering that imposing figure that had stood on the frontlines many years ago.

A figure that had a vast army at its disposal. Although Drauum wouldn't admit it, it had been very wary of William's father Maxwell. 

The Ancient Golem hoped that it was just overthinking things. For some reason, William's image inside its mind had overlapped with his father's. 

'That couldn't possibly happen, right?' Drauum thought. The Ancient Golem didn't want to imagine that such a thing could happen. 

Why?


Because if it was true then all of them were making the biggest mistake of their lives. 

A mistake that would haunt them for the rest of their lives. 




Chapter 479

It had been seven days since William tried to ambush the Elven Army in the mountainous regions of the Zelan Dynasty.

Due to the possibility of another ambush, the Elves sped up their journey and arrived near the border of the Hellan Kingdom. It would only take them two more days to reach the Azure Fortress if they continued their quickened pace, but Elandorr decided to let the army rest for the time being.

The following day, those with flying mounts advanced ahead accompanied by the Qilin, Eneru. They would secure the Azure Fortress and prepare for the arrival of the main army.

Meanwhile in the Capital City of Gladiolus…

Prince Ernest wiped the sweat off his forehead out of exhaustion. He had successfully disabled all the Teleportation Gates of the Hellan Kingdom, except for strategic ones that would allow The Organization to carry out their missions in secret.

As the Young Prince stepped out of the control room of the palace, he immediately saw Brendan, who was there waiting for him.

"Excellent work, Your Highness," Brendan said as he gave the Young Prince a clean hand towel. "I have also prepared refreshments in the next room. Please, rest there for the time being."

"Thank you, Brendan," Prince Ernest replied.

The Son of the Prime Minister bowed his head as he moved to the side to open the door. Ever since Prince Ernest had arrived at the capital, Brendan had been assigned to take care of his every need. 

So far, Prince Ernest had no complaints about his work ethic and was even pleasantly surprised because he didn't expect that Brendan could be a very capable retainer. 

"Is there any news from Sir Conner?" Prince Ernest asked.

The Young Prince understood that now was not the time for infighting, so he decided to compromise with the Deus and cooperate with them to defend his Kingdom. Even so, that didn't mean that Prince Ernest didn't have any misgivings about this cooperation. 


"According to the news, the vanguard of the Elven Army has arrived at Azure Fortress," Brendan reported. "As to what Sir Conner has in mind, I have no idea, Your Highness. He doesn't tell me anything aside from the things that I need to know."

Prince Ernest nodded. He also understood that the Leader of Deus really didn't need to share his plans with anyone, but he hoped that he would be briefed about how Conner planned to defend the capital against the Elven Invasion.

"So, they finally arrived," Conner looked at the map of the Hellan Kingdom in front of him. Right beside him were five other people, who were waiting for his instructions. 

Calum, his right hand man. 

Floyd, the scholar responsible for the Super Soldier Project.

A middle-aged man with short blonde hair and blue eyes. His name was Alfred, and he was The Organization's Sword Saint, and would be responsible for leading their members to battle.

The two remaining people in the room were the two Archmages who were loyal to Conner. These men were the highest ranking officers of Deus in the Southern Continent and they had gathered to finalize the plan they had for the Elven Army that had officially set foot in the territory of the Hellan Kingdom.

"Were you able to do it in time, Floyd?" Conner inquired.

Floyd nodded his head and even gave Conner a sheepish smile. "We barely made it out before the Elven Vanguard arrived, but thanks to the Teleportation Gate, we were able to return to the capital city safe and sound."

"How long before it takes effect?"

"A few days. But, I think it will have already reached maturity by the time they arrive here in Gladiolus."

Conner smirked. He had long been waiting for an opportunity to make the Elves suffer, and William had bought him enough time to put his plans into action.


"What about the other cities along the way?" Conner asked. "Did you manage to administer it?"

"Naturally," Floyd replied. "This goes without saying. Just who do you think I am?"

The two Archamages inside the room chuckled when they heard Floyd's arrogant reply. The scholar had always had an attitude and regardless of who he was talking to, he acted as if he was just talking to a commoner.

Conner, Calum, and the two Archamages were now used to Floyd's antics, so they turned a blind eye to his attitude.

"How about the Altars? Are they ready?" Conner asked while facing the two Archmages.

Both Archmages nodded at the same time.

"For a simple spell of this caliber, we didn't need many offerings," one of the Archmages replied. "The souls we didn't use last time are more than enough to activate the spell you had in mind."

Conner nodded. "Good. This is the first time we're going to do this, but I am quite confident that we will see great results."

The Leader of Deus then looked at the Sword Saint who had his arms crossed over his chest.

"Alfred, are the men ready?" 

"As ready as they'll ever be. However, I don't think they can do anything against that Pseudo-Demigod."

The existence of Drauum made things difficult for The Organization. They were not afraid of Eneru, and the new addition to their ranks, Ezkalor. However, Drauum remained a great threat to the plans they had in mind.


Conner frowned, "You don't need to worry about Drauum. I will handle it if it makes a move. We just need to land a decisive blow on the Elves to break their morale. As long as we do that, we will be able to control the pace of the battle."

The people in the room nodded their heads. 

"What about that boy, William?" Floyd asked. "Are you sure he will arrive on time, bringing reinforcements with him?"

Floyd's body unconsciously shuddered when he remembered the events that had happened in Lont. Although his men returned to his side, as per William's agreement with Conner, all of them seemed to be very different from how they used to be.

This is especially true for the triplets who had the unique ability to merge with the Earth. They seemed to be more reserved, and only talked when someone asked them a question.

"I don't know if he will arrive in time or not," Conner admitted. "However, if he arrives late, the only thing that he will see is a city in ruins."

Conner had already had a proper talk with Prince Ernest about what they would do as a last resort. Although both of them didn't want to do it, they both agreed that this would ultimately lead to the Elves' annihilation.

"According to my estimate, they will arrive at the capital in ten days," Conner stated. "Of course, if a certain Qilin decides to attack us on its own then we will have no choice but to put it in its place. I doubt Eneru will be that stupid to face us on his ow--"

A hateful roar reverberated in the air followed by a powerful explosion. The men in the conference room exchanged glances before hurrying to leave the room.

A few minutes later, Conner stood outside the palace as he stared at the Qilin who was currently fighting against a Taotie. The two Beasts wrestled in the air vying for supremacy. 

Conner sneered because he didn't expect that Eneru would be stupid and arrogant enough to dare to challenge him on its own. What he didn't know was that Eneru was merely scouting ahead and checking the defenses of the Hellan Capital.

Also, he wanted to know if the irritating Half-Elf was present in the city. He had made a blood oath against William and he was keen on ripping him to shreds. However, before he could even call out the boy's name, Jekyll had appeared out of nowhere and engaged it in combat.


If it was the usual Eneru, he would have definitely chosen to flee and regroup with Drauum and Ezkalor. However, right now, he was so blinded by rage that he decided to vent out some of his anger on Jekyll.

The two Myriad Beasts fought tooth and nail in order to kill each other. While this was happening, Conner was already making his arrangements on the ground. Although he expected that there was a chance for Eneru to appear, he didn't expect that the arrogant Qilin would really arrive to serve himself up on a silver platter.




Chapter 480

Jeklyll lashed out with his tail and sent the Qilin tumbling hundreds of meters through the air. 

Eneru then transformed his body to a lightning bolt and shot towards the dark grey clouds in the sky. Soon, these clouds darkened followed by peals of thunder and flashes of lightning. 

"Where is that bastard Half-Elf?!" Eneru roared as he summoned a thunderstorm over the capital city of Gladiolus. "Come out and face me! William Von Ainsworth!"

Jekyll looked at the enraged Qilin in disdain. "Have you no shame? Challenging a child? Why don't you pick someone your own size?"

"Shut up, Taotie! Bring that bastard boy over, and I'll spare your dog's life!"

"Spare my life? Hah! Keep your daydreams for when you're asleep!"

The Taotie flew towards the Qilin with the intention of pulverizing his face. However, Eneru zigzagged in the sky and passed him, flying directly towards the city of Gladiolus.

Eneru opened his jaws and a concentrated ball of lightning appeared. He was planning to use a lightning blast in order to devastate the city and force the Half-Elf out of his hiding place.

Conner stood with his arms crossed over his chest before he raised his hand. 

"Now, Prince Ernest!"


The Statue of the Goddess Astrid, that stood in the center of the City, glowed. The sword that was pointed at the sky shimmered as a faint layer of light appeared to cover the city.

Eneru saw it, but didn't bat an eye and unleashed his most powerful move, which was strong enough to wipe out an entire city.

"Gigavolt Breaker!"

A thunderous explosion ensued as the lightning blast collided with the layer of protection that enveloped the city. Instead of canceling the attack, the barrier absorbed the magic power behind the Qilin's attack and transferred it to the tip of the sword of the Goddess Statue.

Blood seeped out of the corner of Prince's Ernest lips as he channeled the overwhelming power that was meant to destroy the City of Gladiolus. He was currently seated on a white throne that controlled all the special functions of the Hellan Kingdom. 

His small hands balled into fists as he endured the pain that wracked his entire body.

When the full attack of Eneru had been properly absorbed, the sword on the statue's hand turned golden.

'Time for you to have a taste of your own medicine!' Prince Ernest said internally as more blood flowed out of the corner of his lips.

He then looked at the projection of the Qilin in front of him as he punched his right fist forward.

Immediately, a hundred meter projection of a golden knight appeared over the City of Gladiolus. It then raised the golden sword in its hand and prepared to strike down the arrogant Qilin that had dared to challenge its sovereignty.


Eneru, who had been raving out of anger, shuddered as he felt a powerful force locked his body in place. He struggled in order to break free from the invisible shackles that bound him because he had a feeling that if he didn't manage to flee now, he wouldn't be able to do so for the rest of his life. 

"Face the retribution of the Divine, and bow to our Goddess' Will!" Prince Ernest roared. "Heaven's Fury!"

The Golden Knight slashed its sword with a vengeance towards the Qilin whose body shone like a bright star.

Jekyll had already retreated hundreds of meters away the moment the Golden Knight had appeared. He was a Chimaera Beast and the Divine power that overflowed from the golden statue was enough to tell him that he would lose his life if he got caught in the path of its attack.

Eneru roared at the same time that the blade slashed over his body. A crisp sound reverberated in the air as a bloody claw-tipped arm fell from the sky, followed by a peal of thunder.

Prince Ernest fainted as his body fell back on the white throne. Blood had stained his clothes and tears slid down his face. The attack was too much for a mortal child to handle, and he received serious injuries from forcefully carrying it out.

Brendan immediately ran to his side and shouted for help. He could feel that the Young Prince's heartbeat was growing weaker. If a cleric didn't appear in time, Prince Ernest's life would scatter in the wind.

Jekyll unceremoniously grabbed the bloody arm from the ground and ate it. He chewed it loudly as if he was taking his time to enjoy his meal.

'Too bad the bastard managed to escape,' Jekyll thought as he swallowed the food in his mouth. 'Still, he won't be able to recover from that anytime soon. Serves him right.'

Conner recovered himself as the intense light dimmed and surveyed the surroundings. This was the first time that he had seen the rumored Divine Strike of Gladiolus, and he was awed by how powerful it was.


Even so, he also felt regret that the Qilin managed to escape. Whenever a Myriad Beast died, a pillar of light would appear on the spot where it lost its life. Since a pillar couldn't be seen anywhere, it meant that Eneru was barely able to survive the attack that should have ended his life.

Purple blood rained down from the sky, as Eneru flew towards the Azure Fortress. His right arm had been completely chopped off, and blood flowed out of several wounds that could be seen all over his body. 

Eneru panted as he flew back towards the Azure Fortress. His current state was completely different from the arrogant Qilin who thought that it could bring down the Hellan Capital before the Elven Army arrived.

He didn't expect that the City of Gladiolus had this kind of countermeasure to protect itself from powerful beings such as himself. Fortunately, he didn't know that this counter-attack couldn't be used repeatedly, because it cast a heavy burden on whoever was seated on the white throne that controlled the defenses of the city.

At most, this attack could only be used once in a person's lifetime. If the person was lucky enough to survive, a second attempt would without a doubt end his life. 

The Qilin couldn't use his powers to travel at the speed of lightning because the Divine Power had suppressed his power. Aside from that, the attack had a lasting side effect that caused his Beast Rank to regress.

Instead of an imposing Myriad Beast at the Peak of his powers, Eneru had fallen to the rank of a Millennial Beast at its peak stage. However, he could still recover his rank if he recuperated for a decade, something he had to wait to do until he could safely return to the Silvermoon Continent.

In order to preserve his life, he used a forbidden skill and sacrificed his right arm, cutting it permanently from its body. This arm would also need a decade to regrow, and no amount of healing or restoration potions could mend it completely. 

"... It's all your fault," Eneru said hoarsely "This is all your fault…"

A strand of red thread descended from the sky and penetrated the Qilin's body. Eneru was too injured, and too occupied with his thoughts to notice the changes that had happened around him. He was only barely able to retain his consciousness as he traveled back to the Azure Fortress, and had no strength to worry about anything else. 


If he was only paying attention, he would have heard the chuckle that was being softly carried by the wind. 

A chuckle that was filled with amusement and anticipation for the things that were about to come. 




Chapter 481

Brianna was currently having tea inside the Great Chieftain's residence when the cup she was using emitted a loud crack. Before she could even react to the sound, the cup in her hand had broken into several pieces.

Fortunately, she had just finished drinking its contents, or else the tea would have splashed on her body. 

"Big Sister…"

Ernest's faint whisper reached her ears and it made her body shudder. A feeling of dread immediately enveloped the young lady's heart as it beat wildly inside her chest.

"Ernest…," Brianna muttered as she placed her hand over her chest. She didn't know why but she was feeling anxious.

If possible, she wanted to see if the Young Prince was safe. However, the two had no way to communicate with each other over long distances. 

"Ernest, please be safe," Brianna pressed her palms together as he offered a silent prayer towards the Sovereign of the Kyrintor Mountains. She hoped that their God would hear her prayers and take notice of the Young Prince that played a very important role in her heart.

William slowly opened his eyes. He was currently resting in a room that had been assigned to him in Spirehorn Haven. His goal to dispel the weakness that had plagued the Minotaur Race was halfway finished.

The Half-Elf didn't expect that it would be a slow and exhausting process. Although there was a layline where he could harness magic power, and use it to activate the blessings of his Shepherd Job Class, the exhaustion that followed burdened him. 

Because of this, he was only able to do the cleansing ceremony for three hours everyday. When those three hours were over, William would be like a dried up husk, deprived of the strength to even lift a finger.

The one who took care of him during this time of weakness was Ariadne. She would let him drink a rejuvenation potion, and lay him on the bed, so that he could rest properly.

This routine continued for a week, and it was now about time for William to head to the plaza to continue the cleansing ritual. He hoped that by the time the ritual was over, he would still be able to arrive in time to help Conner defend the City of Gladiolus.

"Good Morning, Lord William," Ariadne said as she placed a rice porridge on a table beside the bed. "I have already prepared your bath for you, so feel free to take it easy after you finish your breakfast. We can go to the plaza two hours from now."

William nodded. "Thank you, Ariadne."


"No." Ariadne shook her head. "It is we who should be thanking you, Lord William."

A smile appeared on William's lips as he walked towards the table to eat his breakfast. To this day, it had been a mystery to him why he couldn't seem to grasp, or remember what Ariadne looked like even though she spent a lot of time with him.

Even the sound of her voice seemed to elude him. The only thing that he could remember was her long, dark brown hair that shimmered when light was reflected over it. 

In the end, William decided to just go by the flow. It was no use trying to remember something that disappeared from his memories every five seconds.

"Lord William, all the women and children of the Minotaur Race have been healed thanks to you," Ariadne said in a respectful tone. "Starting today, it will be the warriors' turn."

"Understood," William replied. "How many warriors does the Minotaur Race have?"

"Around three million," Ariadne replied.

William nodded and continued eating his breakfast. After spending a week inside Spirehorn Haven, the Half-Elf discovered an incredible secret.

The Labyrinth where the Minotaur Race resided wasn't just an ordinary Domain, but a High-Ranked Domain that was as big as the Zelan Dynasty itself.

Here, the Minotaur Race thrived just like any other Kingdom on the continent. They had their own culture, and laws that they followed. Trade between the Minotaurs and the citizens of the Zelan Dynasty was quite normal.

One could even find shops, and stalls, in the various cities, where special products of the Minotaur Race were being sold. Naturally, the sellers were members of the Minotaur Race as well. 

They were like members of the Beastkin, which was rarely seen in the Southern Continent. 

"Thank you for the food," William said as he placed his spoon down. He then glanced at the lady that was sitting not far away from the table. Although he couldn't see her face, he was sure that Ariadne was looking at him.

"I'll take a bath now. You don't need to look for me later. I'll just go to the plaza by myself."


"Understood. I'll see you there later, Lord William."

Ariadne stood up from her seat and cleaned up the table. William made his way towards the bathroom and firmly locked the door once he was inside.

After making sure that the door was secured, he immediately entered his Thousand Beast Domain in order to take a bath. Even though he could take a bath in his temporary residence, he still preferred going to his own Villa to bathe because…

"Your shoulder is stiff again," Ashe said as she massaged William's shoulder while the boy was soaking in the large bathtub inside their Villa.

"This is the life," William muttered as Wendy massaged his arm from the side. 

Both girls were sharing the bath with him because this was the only time that they could spend some time together. 

The reason?

William had still not shared the information about his Domain to King Minos. It was not that he didn't trust the King of the Minotaurs, but he felt that it was still too early for them to know about some of his secrets. 

He was waiting until he finished with the weakness clearing ritual before he talked to King Minos about his domain so they could use it in order to leave their Labyrinth which had been sealed from both inside and out.

After their massage session, William found himself being sandwiched between the two girls, as they performed the transfer of Spirit Power towards the gem embedded on William's chest.

Thanks to Ashe's constant care, the red-headed boy's spiritual world was recovering at a rapid pace.

Although he still couldn't fight for a long time, the danger of his Sea of Consciousness collapsing was no longer a problem. Still, Ashe repeatedly told him that he shouldn't force himself to exceed his limit because it might still trigger a relapse.

"Will we make it in time?" Wendy asked as she rested her head on William's shoulder. Her palm was pressed over the gem on William's chest that was glowing with spirit power. 

William kissed her forehead and assured her that it was going to be fine. The Half-Elf was also worried, but worrying wouldn't solve anything. The only thing he could do was to continue what he was doing and travel back to the Hellan Kingdom as fast as he could.


Thanks to the Job Class, Prince of Thunder, William was able to travel as fast as a lightning bolt, but he could only do it twice a day. 

Also, the Blood Eagle, Scadrez, and the small Wren, Aethon, were monitoring the situation as well. 

The Blood Eagle was sent to the Kyrintor Mountain, because William needed to have a dialogue with Takam. Aethon was sent to the Hellan Capital to give him scheduled reports if the Elves had already arrived at the capital.

It would still take three days before Scadrez arrived at the Kyrintor Mountains. William had a lot of questions to ask Takam, and he would relay his words through the Blood Eagle. As a Demigod, Takam could easily understand the Blood Eagle's shrieks and communicate with William properly.

"Ah! I almost forgot to tell you that the Young Master left a message for you," Ashe said as she looked at William with a mischievous expression. 

"Est did?" William smiled as his devilish hand groped something that he shouldn't have groped. Ashe's mischievous look had triggered him, so he decided to become mischievous as well!

Ashe immediately glared at him, but didn't do anything to swat the mischievous hand that was busy groping her…

Wendy who saw this scene whispered "No favoritism" in William's ears, which made the Half-Elf happily comply and give her the same treatment.

"Go on," William said in encouragement as his two hands had their way with the two beauties in his embrace. "What did Est say?"

"Dia has woken up," Ashe replied. "The Young Master had taken her to the Dungeon to play."

William was pleasantly surprised by the news that Ashe told him. Dia had been sleeping for a long time, and he was worried about when she would wake up. 

However, after the surprise passed, William suddenly remembered a very important thing.

'Why is Dia with Est?' William mused. 'No matter, I'll just look for them later.'

William smiled at the thought of Est and Dia playing together. He also understood that the passive, silver-haired lady whom he kissed in his spiritual world many times, was also secretly jealous of Wendy and Ashe because they had Thor and Ragnar.


It was not a secret that the three beasts were considered to be William's own children. Because of this, Est had been waiting for Dia to wake up. That way, she could immediately secure one of William's kids, and be on the same standing as William's first and second wives.




Chapter 482

Twelve hours earlier…

Est visited the Magic Crystal Cavern like always to see if the golden snake was still sleeping. 

"Dia, when are you going to wake up?" Est asked as she lightly rubbed the golden snake's head with her finger. 

Suddenly, the body of the golden snake glowed faintly.

Dia opened her eyes and raised her head to look at the person that was looking at her with a shocked expression.

As a beast that had been born from William's blood, Dia, Thor, and Ragnar shared William's memories. This was why Thor liked Wendy, and Ragnar disliked Ian. 

This was before Ian had saved William's life by transforming into her true form. After Ragnar had awakened, William's memories passed through him, so his attitude towards Ashe also had a complete reversal.

Dia also knew that Est was William's first friend outside of Lont. The golden snake already had a good impression of him before, but when William's memories flowed through her, Dia's perception of Est changed as well.

"Mama?" Dia asked telepathically. 

The sound of her voice was like a two-year-old girl calling out to her mother. 

Est immediately felt a ticklish sensation in her heart as she caressed the top of Dia's head with her finger.


"Yes," Est replied. "I'm your Mama."

"Papa?"

"He's not here."

The Golden Snake then crawled on top of Est's hand and slithered towards her shoulder. Est had already seen how the snake loved to coil itself around William's neck and rest her head on the boy's head.

Dia was now longer compared to before and was now three-feet-long. However, for some reason, she decided to revert to her former size, as she coiled herself up around Est's neck. 

"Mama, let's go find Thor and Ragnar," Dia said. "I want to see them."

"Okay."

Est then happily went to find Thor and Ragnar inside the Dungeon of Atlantis, where the three siblings were finally reunited. The three of them played together, and that was the reason why Thor and Ragnar weren't with Wendy and Ashe, who had gone to the Villa's indoor bath with William.

Going back to the present time…

As much as William wanted to go and look for Dia and Est, he knew that finishing his task was his current priority. 

After enjoying some skinship with his two lovers, William returned to the real world and headed for the Plaza earlier than planned. The Warriors of the Minotaur Race saluted him when he made his appearance.


William gave them all a brief nod before heading to the center of the plaza and sat cross legged. Just like last time, he channeled the power of his Shepherd Job Class. Particles of green light flowed out from his body, which in turn flew towards the Minotaurs that surrounded him.

Ariadne looked at this scene from a distance, and nodded her head in appreciation. Just like her promise to King Minos, Ariadne had already given the orders to prepare for war.

Those that had been cured had already mobilized to procure the materials, and equipment that they would need for the battle that would commence as soon as William finished his promise to King Minos.

The King of the Minotaurs was right. They had already broken their oath once, they couldn't break it again. 

"It always seems impossible until it's done," Ariadne said with a smile. "I'll see you later, Sir William."

Ariadne gave William one last glance before turning her head to leave. She would return when William had reached his limit and bring him back to the residence to rest. According to her estimate, it would take seven to ten more days before all the warriors of the Minotaur Race were ready for battle.

Inside the Azure Fortress…

"How is he?" Drauum asked as it stared at the unconscious Eneru who was lying on the bed.

"He suffered a serious injury," Ezkalor replied. "Also, his rank has regressed."

Drauum clicked its tongue as it looked down on Eneru with contempt.

"He was a fool to go there all alone," Drauum said. "However, this also gave us a piece of vital information. The Hellanians have some sort of Trump Card that can injure us to this extent."


Ezkalor nodded. Although he didn't like Eneru's arrogance, the fact remained that both of them were on the same side. They were waiting for Eneru to wake up in order to ask him a few questions. 

Knowing how he received his injuries was the first step in understanding the abilities of their opponent.

"Should we continue our march when the Main Army gets here?" Ezkalor asked.

This was the most pressing question at hand. It had already been a day since Eneru was brought back to the Fortress and the bulk of their army was expected to arrive the next day.

Drauum became silent as it pondered Ezkalor's question. After a few minutes, it finally came to a decision.

"We will let the Army rest for a day before continuing our advance towards the Capital City of Gladiolus," Drauum answered. "Don't tell anyone about Eneru's regression, but you can disclose that he got injured when he went to scout out the enemy's capital. This will allow the Elves to think of countermeasures for whatever those puny mortals can throw at them."

Ezkalor wanted to say that it was a puny mortal that had saved the entire Silvermoon Continent from a Demon Invasion. However, he didn't do that. Drauum was a prideful being, and it would not admit that it was once helped by a mortal man, who had made the world tremble at one point in history.

"You look after him," Drauum said as it turned around to leave.

Since there was nothing it could do for Eneru, the Ancient Golem decided to return to its role of guarding the fortress from surprise attacks.

Ezkalor watched him go with a sigh. He then turned his attention back to the sleeping Qilin, who had lost its right arm. 

The Elder Dragon knew that Eneru had the ability to escape from any kind of attack because he could move very quickly. However, even someone as fast as him wasn't able to prevent himself from getting injured.


Ezkalor frowned as he once again examined Eneru's injury. He hoped that by doing so, he could find the answers that he was looking for. 

Sadly, even after repeated diagnosis, he still couldn't come up with an answer. The only thing that he could do was wait.

Wait for the Qilin to wake up and tell them what exactly happened when he went to the Capital of the Hellan Kingdom to vent out his anger and frustration.




Chapter 483

Two days after the Elven Army arrived at Azure Fortress, Elandorr gave the order to advance towards the capital of the Hellan Kingdom.

The news of Eneru being injured didn't deter the Elven Army from continuing their march. Regardless of whatever vile tactics that the Humans had used to injure their Guardian, The Young Elven Commander, the Patriarch's of the Clan, as well as the High-Ranking Officers of the Elves, knew that there was no stopping the gears of war that had started to turn.

Calum looked through his telescope and observed the countless Elves from afar. A few days ago, William's informant had sent a message to Brendan, which had been passed over to Conner. According to the letter, the Elves numbered over five million.

That was already a twelfth of the overall population of the Elves that lived in the Silvermoon Continent. Unlike the Human race that numbered in the billions, Elves were a race that didn't give birth easily.

Aside from the teenage Elves that were of the Platinum Rank, the required rank to become a soldier of the Elven Army was that of the Mithril Rank.

(A/N: Platinum Ranks are equivalent to Class B Beasts, while Mithril Rank is Equivalent to Class A Beasts.)

This was an army that had surpassed Human standards. It was more than enough to conquer a Human Kingdom, defended by children, and a few thousand members of The Organization. 

Hundreds of Giant Eagles, that were more than five meters tall and had a wingspan of over twenty meters, soared in the sky. They were the Aerial Cavalry of the Elves and all of them were Class B Beasts. 

These Beasts had been summoned by their Riders from the Silvermoon Continent to participate in this war. They were notorious for being on par with Gryphons in one-on-one combat, and were known to take down Wyverns as a group.

On land, the Elves rode on Forest wolves that were two-meters tall. They were Class C Beasts and were very agile in their own right. They were sought after not because of their speed, but for their endurance. Also, they had the natural ability for tactical combat when they attacked in packs.

Over a thousand Ash Golems that were born from the ashes of the survivors from the Zelan Dynasty advanced steadily under the command of the Branch Leader of Deus in the Silvermoon Continent, Alessio. 

These three-meter-tall Ash Golems would serve as the cannon fodders of their army in their battle against the Hellannians. 


Elandorr and the Patriarch's of the different clans sat in armored carriages that were being pulled by Dire Bears. 

Princess Eowyn's carriage was at the rear of the Elven Army protected by six Silver-Haired Unicorns.

When the Elven reinforcements arrived, several royal guards from the Elven Palace also came to serve as the Princess' bodyguards. Among them were the Six Unicorns that lived in the lands that were the personal property of the Elven Royal Family.

These Silver-Haired Unicorns were of the Centennial Rank. Only members of the Royal Family had the privilege of being protected by these noble beasts.

Of course, since Ezkalor and Eneru were part of the Army, Dozens of Qilins and Dragons had also arrived from the Silver Continent to participate in this war. These powerful Beasts were of the Millennial Rank.

This was why Elandorr was confident that even though one of their Guardians had been injured, it would not change the outcome of the war.

With such a powerful army at his disposal, Elandorr believed that only the Kraetor Empire was their match.

Calum eyed the Elven Army for a few more minutes before retreating from his location. He knew that if he stayed any longer, the scouts of the Elves would find him. The war hasn't started yet and he couldn't afford to be captured at this point in time.

After a brief flash of light, Calum re-appeared at the plaza of the City of Gladiolus. He immediately rushed towards the palace where Conner and the other officers of Deus were waiting for him.

According to his estimate, it would only take the elves a week before their armies could be seen from the top of the walls of Gladiolus. Instead of feeling anxious, the Second in Command of Deus had a calm expression on his face.

Just like Conner, he believed that they could still win this war if things went according to their plan. Although the Elven Army was strong, and had the advantage in numbers, the members of Deus were no pushovers.

"What a grand sight," Evexius said in admiration. "I've never seen this many Elves before."


The Grand Archmage of the Kraetor Empire was holding a crystal ball in his hand, as the Army of the Kraetor Empire continued their march. According to his estimate, their own army would arrive at their destination two days earlier than the Elves.

Just like their agreement, the Kraetor Empire wouldn't participate in the war. They would only be there to spectate, and watch who would emerge as the victors between the two parties. Naturally, Evexius was leaning towards the side of the Elves.

He didn't believe that a ragtag group of children and outlaws would be enough to defend a city against millions of Elven Warriors.

Empress Sidonie was currently resting on her own carriage, and had given an explicit order not to disturb her at all cost. 

Because of this, Evexius and Prince Jason took charge of the Army as their Young Empress got her beauty rest.

"Sir, are we really just going to spectate?" Prince Jason asked. 

Although he was the commander of the Kraetor Army on paper, the Grand Archmage was the right hand of the Emperor of the Kraetor Empire. 

He didn't dare to act superior in front of this man who had ensured that their Empire would remain as one of the strongest factions in the Central Continent. 

"That will depend on our Empress," Evexius replied. "If she orders us to spectate then we can only watch from the sidelines. However, if she orders us to charge then you and your men should better be ready to execute her order before she changes her mind. Do I make myself clear?"

A smile appeared on Prince Jason's lips. He had courted many beautiful women in their Empire and one of the things he had learned about them was their fickleness. Even if their lips say no, their body says yes. 

Inside a spacious room, a sensuous lady sat on a couch. Her slender and delicate hands were brushing the hair of two beautiful girls that were resting their heads on her lap.

"I have prepared gifts for the two of you. I will also tell you later the function of the special enchantments inscribed to them," the Sensuous Lady said affectionately. "Make sure to wear them at all times. Do the both of you understand?"


""Yes, Lady Eros,"" Empress Sidonie and Morgana said in unison.

"You are quite daring, Sidonie," Lady Eros said with a smile. "Well, you will need this kind of boldness if you want to profit from this war. Use the second gift that I have given you wisely. If used at the right moment, its effect will have a more dramatic result."

Sidonie nodded obediently and allowed the Goddess of Lust to play with her ears. 

The Goddess of Lust giggled as she pinched the beautiful lady's ear because the grand plan that the young Empress had envisioned was truly unexpected.

"I helped her, too," Morgana protested. She felt left out because Lady Eros was only spoiling Sidonie. 

Lady Eros chuckled as she patted the other beauty who was looking at her with a face filled with injustice.

"You did well, Morgana," Lady Eros praised. "As long as the two of you are together, all the men in the world will kneel and grovel at your feet."

"Except for one," Morgana corrected.

"Yes," Sidonie agreed. "However, I prefer that our charm doesn't work on him. With this, I found someone that can come to love me, not because of my charm, but because of who I am."

The corner of Lady Eros' lips curled up in a smile. The Goddess of Lust was very tempted to tell her beloved daughters that she was the one that trained William to resist their charms. If she hadn't done so, the Half-Elf would have long submitted to them, and would gladly allow himself to be tied up on Sidonie's and Morgana's bed.

"All is fair in Love and Lust," Lady Eros said with a mischievous smile. "The boy you chose is a very sentimental person. As long as you manage to worm yourselves in his heart, he will go to hell and back to protect the two of you from harm."

Sidonie and Morgana glanced at each other. Although what they planned was a little underhanded, it was something that needed to be done.


Even so, they were still worried that not everything would go their way. 

Lady Eros sensed their anxiousness, but there was nothing she could do, except give them words of encouragement. She had already given them her gifts to be used at their discretion. 

Even a Goddess like her wouldn't be able to predict how this war would play out. Only the Fates who weaved the destiny of mortals could catch a glimpse of its outcome. 




Chapter 484

At the First Peak of the Kyrintor Mountains, a loud shriek announced its arrival. 

The barrier protecting Takam's Palace opened up and allowed its entry. The Blood Eagle flew in and landed on a balcony where the Sovereign of the Kyrintor Mountains was having afternoon tea.

"Nice to meet you, Scadrez," Takam said with a smile. "Well, this sure is an ingenious way of talking to me, right, Little Will?"

Scadrez shrieked once, which translated to Will's message of...

"Good afternoon, Your Excellency."

"Good afternoon, to you too."

(A/N: From this point onwards, it will be Will and Takam talking. Since I don't want to bore you with the Blood Eagle's shrieks, I'll just translate them for all of you. Ahem! No need to thank me *wink*)

"Your Excellency, please, tell me. The reason why you asked me to go to the Goblin Crypt, as well as to acquire Five Centennial Beasts for my personal army was to prevent myself from forming an alliance with the Titanic Trollhound, was it not?"

"Prevent? No. I merely gave you an option. You are the one that made the choice, right?"

The Blood Eagle remained silent as if pondering Takam's words. A few minutes later, it raised its head as William took the initiative to restart the conversation.

"Although I don't like working with the Deus, I need them more than the help of a Centennial Beast with hundreds of Trollhounds under its command. If I chose the Titanic Trollhound, I would have had no choice but to fight against the organization, leading to mutual destruction.

"By then, the Elves wouldn't have to do anything. They could have easily conquered the Hellan Kingdom without any kind of resistance."

Takam sipped the tea in his cup and didn't affirm or deny William's statement. Even so, the corner of its lip was raised as it placed the cup on top of the table.

"Little Will, is this the only reason why you want to talk to me?" Takam asked. "It would be best if you get straight to the point. Time waits for no one. Not even to a Demigod."


The Blood Eagle nodded. William knew that no matter how many times he pursued the matter with the errand that Takam had given him, the Demigod would not answer his question. Since that was the case, it was time to ask the other question he had on his mind.

"Are you going to help us?" William inquired. "Will you help us fight against the Elves?"

Takam shook his head.

"Little Will, although I can easily solve your problem for you, I won't do that," Takam answered. "However, that doesn't mean that I will not help you. First, let me tell you how I can help you."

William waited patiently for Takam's words because this was the main reason as to why he sent Scadrez to the Kyrintor Mountains. He needed to know what kind of help the Demigod was willing to give them, and what price they needed to pay in order to acquire its help.

There was no such thing as free lunch in any world, especially when it came to favors done by Demigods.

"One of my abilities is…," Takam started his explanation.

The Blood Eagle nodded its head after the Demigod finished his explanation. Now that William knew the concrete details, and the conditions for Takam's help, he would know what to do when that time came.

"Thank you, Your Excellency. I will not forget this favor for the rest of my life."

"Good. Since both of us have an understanding, it is time for you to hurry up with whatever you are doing."

"Understood."

After William's and Takam's discussion, the Demigod proposed that the Blood Eagle stay for a day inside his palace to rest. William thought that it was a good idea, since Scadrez had been flying non-stop in order to reach the Kyrintor Mountains before the Elves arrived at the Capital of Gladiolus.

With his matter finally settled, William disconnected his connection with the Blood Eagle and slept peacefully. He was still tired from doing the cleansing ceremony and only put off going to sleep because Scadrez was already near the Kyrintor mountains. 

A few days later…


"Sir, they are finally here," Calum reported.

Conner nodded as he walked out of the conference room.

"How is Prince Ernest?" Conner inquired.

The Young Prince would play a pivotal role in this war, and Conner didn't bat an eye when he provided the Prince with Elixirs to aid his recovery. However, even though the Elixir did its work, the Prince was still unable to make a full recovery. 

It was the price that Prince Ernest had to pay in order to use the limited Divinity that the Goddess Astrid had bestowed upon the Hellan Kingdom.

"Prince Ernest is still in a lethargic state. I don't think he will be able to last long if he sits on the Throne of Divinity," Calum shook his head as he gave his report. 

"It's fine," Conner replied. "Have someone take him to the throne. Tie his waist to it if you have to, so that he won't fall over. I'm sure that he will understand and even thank me for it."

"Yes, Sir." Calum bowed before personally going to see the prince. 

This was an important matter and he didn't want to assign it to anyone. 

Ten minutes later, Conner arrived at the defensive walls of the Capital City of Gladiolus. On the edge of the horizon, several black spots--that looked like a swarm of bats--hovered in the sky. Conner looked through the lens of his telescope and saw the Flying Eagles that served as the Elves' flying cavalry.

After checking their numbers, he moved the telescope towards the land. There, he saw the advancing army which looked like a silver tide. It was only two hours away from sunset, but Conner knew that the Elves didn't care whether it was night or day.

They could see easily in the darkness, because it was one of their racial abilities. However, Conner believed that the arrogant Elves wouldn't attack in the evening. They were too proud for that. 

The Leader of Deus snorted because he didn't care whether they attacked in the evening or not. It wouldn't change the results.

Fifty-thousand Defenders, against Five Million plus.


All the members of Deus had gathered in the City of Gladiolus and they numbered thirty thousand. The rest were the teenagers that decided to fight for their kingdom.

Those who were unable to fight had been evacuated days ago. They were sent to the Western Side of the Hellan Kingdom. Although Conner didn't know why Prince Alaric had made this proposal, he didn't pry further. He had no use for non-combatants in a war where they would be fighting for their lives.

Just like Conner had expected, the Elves made camp two miles away from the walls of the City of Gladiolus. 

Elandorr decided to act his part as the Elven Commander and gave the order for everyone to rest. The Elven Army was very tired from many days of traveling, so they happily obeyed his order.

That night, a lively discussion erupted in the Elven Encampment. Most of them were bets on who would be able to kill the most Humans, or who would be able to take down the flag that fluttered at the highest peak of the City.

All of them were thinking that the Hellan Kingdom was already in the bag. They didn't even think for a second that a ragtag group of outlaws and teenagers, that didn't even number past a hundred thousand, would be able to stop their invasion. 

The Three Guardians also felt the same way. 

Eneru had regained consciousness two days ago, and had narrated everything that had happened to his two comrades. He was well aware about his regression because it was the price that he had to pay in order to escape with his life.

After knowing the hidden ace that the enemy was hiding, Drauum and Ezkalor decided to just observe this war, and allow the Elves and Humans to fight it out among themselves. 

Although they were confident in their strength, they were not stupid. They had long lives, but they were not immortal. Any attack that contained a sufficient amount of Divinity could end their lives, just like a sword could end the life of a mortal man.

Eneru had only barely been able to escape with his life. Drauum, as well as Ezkalor, weren't too impatient to test the Defenders to see if they still had more cards up their sleeves.

"Everything will be settled tomorrow," Drauum said softly as it stared at the city in the distance.

Ezkalor and Eneru nodded in agreement. 

The stage had been set.


The curtain had been raised.

It was now time for the actors to play their part.

Empress Sidonie had a sweet smile on her face as she gazed into the distance. When morning came, she would have the best seat in the theatre. A seat where she would witness the beginning, and the end, of a battle that would decide the division of power within the Southern Continent.




Chapter 485

Several flags carrying the emblems of the different clans fluttered in the air, as the Elven Army stood side by side. 

Elandorr stood on a raised platform at the center of the Army Formation along with the important people of the Silvermoon Continent.

"Today is the day where we will show the world that we will not allow ourselves to be hunted down as slaves!" Elandorr shouted. 

""Yes!""

"We will never again allow ourselves to be treated as tools by the Humans!" Elandorr raised his hand. "We will show them that we are the superior race!"

""Yes!""

"Today, we march to war! A war that will make the world tremble when they speak our names! We are the Elves of the Silvermoon Continent!" Elandorr roared. "Glory be to the Elves!"

""Glory be to the Elves!""

Elandorr unsheathed his sword and pointed it at the City of Gladiolus in the distance.

"Victory!"

""Victory!""

"Elves of the Silvermoon Continent! Charge forward!"

""Yes!""

Trumpets resounded in the air as hundreds of Giant Eagles took flight. The Ash Golems advanced under Alessio's command, and half of the mighty Elven Cavalry surged forward like a tide.

The Forest Wolves howled as they charged forward towards the City that was waiting for their conquest.

Princess Eowyn sat on her chair as she questioned whether or not what they were doing was really the right thing to do. 

Kenneth stood on top of a mountain overlooking the battlefield. Beside him was his Beast Companion, Luna, who had insisted that it traveled to Lont with him. 

When he arrived at William's hometown, he was welcomed warmly by Matthew and Leah. He had also played with Eve for a few days before heading towards the Capital City once more.

The reason he had gone to Lont was to see William. However, he was not around when Kenneth arrived. Instead of leaving right away, Kenneth decided to stay for a few days because he understood that, regardless of where William was, he would definitely return as soon as the drums of war resounded across the battlefield.

"Don't die, Will," Kenneth said softly as he observed the battle from afar. He didn't want to participate on either side, because he knew that he would be guilt-ridden no matter which side he chose.

Since that was the case, he chose not to choose either side and to remain a spectator. This way, he could still face William and tell him that he didn't take part in this battle to conquer his homeland.


Conner stood fearlessly on the City Walls with his arms crossed over his chest. The members of the organization had already positioned themselves on the City Walls with their spells at the ready.

Prince Alaric, the Freedom Fighters of the Zelan Dynasty, as well as the students of the Hellan Royal Academy were also on the walls. Conner had personally chosen their positions in order to compliment their strengths and minimize their shortcomings. 

Bows had been armed and loaded.

Crossbows had been wound.

Magic and Spiritual powers flickered in the surroundings as they waited for the Elven Army to come within range. 

"Sir, they have reached our attack range," Calum reported.

"Wait for my order to attack," Conner reminded everyone. He had already briefed them of the battle plan. Regardless of how close the enemy came to the City Walls, none of them would release an arrow or a spell on the Elven Army.

They would wait for Conner's order before they unleashed their deadly attacks on the invaders that would try to get through their defenses.

The Elven War Machines, that were powered by Magic Crystals, made their way to the frontline of the battlefield. This was the Elves' first campaign against the Humans and they were using the City of Gladiolus as a way to test the effectiveness of their War Machines. 

Clearly, they didn't intend to just stop their conquest in the Southern Continent, they were also eyeing the Human Kingdoms in the Central Continent as well.

"Four Hundred Meters!"

"Three Hundred Meters!"

"Two Hundred!"

"One Hundred!"

The Elven Army unleashed a barrage of spells, at the same time that their War Machines propelled fireballs the size of a small carriage towards the city walls. 

The Defenders braced themselves for impact. Conner had still not given the order to attack, so they were doing their best to prevent themselves from releasing the arrows and spells at the enemies that were just a stone's throw away from them. 

Prince Ernest slowly raised his hand as he sat on the white throne. Brendan stood beside him worriedly as he monitored the Prince's condition.

A transparent barrier appeared and enveloped the entire city, just in time to stop the barrage of spells that threatened to fall on it like rain. 

Explosions sounded one after the other, as the magic barrier endured the first wave of attacks that came from the Elven Army.

"Sir…" Calum glanced at Conner who still had his arms crossed over his chest.

"Wait," Conner replied without even bothering to look at his trusted subordinate.


His eyes were focused on the Elven Cavalry that had now congregated at the edge of the magic barrier. The Elves had also erected their own barriers to protect themselves, while they waited for the City's magical barrier to collapse.

They knew that it was only a matter of time before they could scale the walls and unleash a bloodbath on the foolish defenders who stood in their way.

A sneer appeared on Conner's lips when he saw that everything was in place.

"Floyd! Do it now!" Conner ordered.

The Scholar of Deus roared as he threw a red crystal in the air. The crystal flew past the magical barrier, and continued towards the sky before stopping several hundred meters above ground.

A few seconds later the red crystal exploded and a cloud of red smoke appeared on the battlefield. This red smoke transformed into the figure of a Giant Red Skull.

When the Giant Red Skull had finally completed its transformation, several pillars of light shot out from the sky. They came from the altars that had been used to cast the Continental Spell that brought the entire Southern Continent to its knees.

"Foolish and arrogant elves, it's time for all of you to wake up from your daydream!" Conner shouted in a voice that was heard across the entire battlefield. "This will be the place where all of you will die!"

The hollow eye sockets of the Giant Red Skull glowed with power as it opened its mouth to emit an ear piercing scream.

Immediately, cries of pain resounded throughout the battlefield as the eardrums of the Elves ruptured.

Elandorr, Princess Eowyn, the Patriarchs and the other High-Ranking Officers of the Elven Army weren't spared from this attack that was made to target their heightened senses. Almost everyone fell on their knees as blood seeped out of their ears.

The barriers that the Elves had cast to protect themselves shattered into pieces as their casters screamed in pain.

"Now! Attack!" Conner ordered.

Spells poured down on the Elven Invaders like rain. The first to die were the elves that were directly under the City Walls.

The Elven Captains, that led the charge, screamed an order to retreat as blood leaked out of their ears, but none were able to hear him. Not even those that were standing only a meter away from him.

The Elven Battle Clerics tried to activate their Magic Powers to heal their comrades. But, to their surprise, they couldn't channel the Magic Power properly in their bodies. They couldn't even use the simplest of spells in order to protect themselves from the ordinary arrows that pierced their bodies.

"Do it now!" Conner gave another order.

This time, the two Archmages that stood behind him chanted. 

The Ash Golems that had been attacking the Magic Barrier paused in their attacks. They stood in place like frozen statues for half a minute, before they turned around and started to bash the heads of the Elves nearest them.

Alessio, who had sole control of the Ash Golems, had lost his connection with them due to the fact that the Magic Power inside his body had run amok.

Conner was well aware of what his rival was capable of and had prepared a countermeasure beforehand. 


The Altars that had been built around the Southern Continent weren't just for show. They automatically absorbed the souls of everyone that had died since the Continental Spell had taken effect.

Many Human children had died of hunger, torture, and abuse; not only from the Elves, but from their fellow survivors as well. Such was the fate of those that had no strength to fend for themselves in the absence of law and order.

Now, these same pitiful souls were now being used to activate a powerful spell that Conner and Floyd had prepared to teach the arrogant Elves a lesson they would never forget.

The Gates of Gladiolus opened and a horde of Beasts charged out in a mad frenzy. All of them had dark-green skin, and all of their eyes glowed red with bloodlust.

They were the Super Soldiers that Floyd had made. Thanks to Celine's special serum, these Super Soldiers gained the strength of Centennial Beasts!

Hundreds of Centennial Beasts started a one-sided massacre as they feasted on the blood and flesh of anyone within their reach.

Naturally, Celine made sure that The Organization wouldn't be able to abuse these variants that they had created. After applying her special serum, the Super Soldiers would only be able to live for a week, before their bodies would disintegrate into dust.

Although Floyd found it a pity, he was still thrilled about the fact that he could command hundreds of Centennial Beasts that were nearly immortal.

Just like the Titanic-Green-Scaled Trollhound, these Super Soldiers only had one weakness.

Acid that could melt Adamantium. 

None of the Elves knew this, and perhaps, even if they did know, there still might have been nothing they could have done about it. 

The entire Elven Army fell into disarray as the Ash Golems, The Super Soldiers, arrows, and spells decimated their numbers at a rapid pace.

"Such a devious man," Evexius said with appreciation. He then looked at Berthold who had a grim expression on his face. 

Clearly the Leader of Deus, who was stationed inside the Kraetor Empire, didn't expect this kind of counter-attack from Conner. He thought that the Elves could easily break the walls of the city and cut off his rival's head.

This was the scene that he had envisioned.

However, a scene that was completely different from the one-sided carnage that he had painted inside his mind was currently happening in front of his very eyes, and it made him feel cold.

He was not the only one who thought this way. Prince Jason, and the other officers of the Kraetor Empire, felt the same.

Empress Sidonie eyed the battlefield with genuine interest. As a strategist, she admired Conner's resourcefulness and capabilities. 

'This man is very useful,' Empress Sidonie mused. 'What do you think, Big Sister?'

< I think you are right. It will be best if we can make him one of our subordinates. >

The Young Empress smiled sweetly as she scanned the battlefield. She was looking for a certain red-headed Half-Elf whom she missed dearly.


She hoped that her beloved would make an appearance and show her a performance that would make her heart beat wildly inside her chest. 




Chapter 486

"Activate the Second Phase!" Conner ordered.

Floyd and the two Archmages began chanting as the Giant Red Skull in the air changed colors. From red, it turned completely black, and from its hollow eye sockets, a blazing blue flame emerged.

"Let's go!" Eneru shouted as he transformed into his Qilin Form. 

Ezkalor transformed into a Giant Golden Dragon and soared towards the sky along with Eneru.

Drauum stomped its foot on the ground and a giant Earth Spike shot up to the air. It then ran towards the skull with the intention of joining his comrades in destroying the Giant Skull that was looking down on all of them in contempt.

The Hundreds of Giant Eagles, that were flying in the sky, also charged towards the Giant Skull en masse. Their riders barely hung onto their seats, as their magic powers ran amok inside their bodies. 

Even so, all of them had one thing on their minds and that was to destroy the Giant Black Skull before it could unleash whatever diabolical spell their enemy had in store for them.

"Arrogant Guardians, it's time for you to know your place as well." Conner sneered. "Gravity Befall!"

Eneru, Ezkalor, Drauum, and the Flying Eagles froze in place, before a powerful, invisible force slammed down on them like a mountain. Just like flies that were hit by a fly swatter, all of them crashed towards the ground, killing the elves that were unlucky enough to be under them.

"Prince Ernest, Imprison that Ancient Golem!" Conner ordered as he pointed at Drauum who had crashed face first on the ground.

Prince Ernest who was seated on the white throne looked at the Projection in front of him. He gritted his teeth as he reached out to grab the image of Drauum with his right hand.

"Iron... Maiden!" Prince Ernest said with pained breaths.

The Sword on the Statue of the Goddess Astrid glowed brightly as it shot a beam of light towards the sky. This beam of light transformed into a golden chain that descended towards the Ancient Golem that had just risen to its feet.

Immediately, the golden chain wrapped around Drauum's body and pulled the Ancient Golem towards the sky, where it was enclosed in a solid-golden statue with a spiked-filled-interior. 

These spikes pierced into Drauum's body holding it in place. Preventing the Demigod from using its ability, and imprisoning it completely.


Prince Ernest looked at the imprisoned Pseudo-Demigod once, before losing consciousness. He had already forced himself to the limit, and he could no longer participate in this war. Even so, he had done enough.

Conner had only tasked him to do one thing and that was to capture Drauum. As long as the Pseudo-Demigod was out of the picture, their chances of victory increased drastically.

The Dragons and Qilins, that had also been flying a while ago, crashed on the ground as well. 

The Leader of Deus had gotten this idea from the Undying Lands, where the concept of flight was restricted. He knew that as long as the Aerial Cavalry of the Elves was disabled, they would have no choice but to scale the City Walls of Gladiolus where they would meet the fierce resistance of the Defenders who had no intention of letting them have their way.

A powerful roar echoed from within the City of Gladiolus as a Taotie Flew past its walls. He was followed by Hundreds of Gryphons and dozens of Hipogriffs that had belonged to the Gryphon Brigade and Order of the Angorian War Sovereign.

Jekyll opened his mouth and immediately sucked in the Elven War Machines, as well as the Elves manning them. As long as these war machines were secured, the Elves would have to use a different method to break down the City Walls. 

He was only able to fly for a limited period of time, so he chose to prioritize them as his targets.

"Stop, you damn Toatie!" Eneru roared as he fired a lightning blast at his second most hated enemy.

Ezkalor also fired a Dragon Breath to prevent Jekyll from finishing his goal.

Jekyll had already taken ten out of the eighteen War Machines whose sole purpose was to break the rune-enforced walls of Gladiolus. He managed to evade Eneru's attack, but Ezkalor's Dragon Breath grazed him. Even so, he didn't stop. 

The other Dragons and Qilins focused their magical attacks on the Taotie, giving him several injuries all over his body. 

Jekyll didn't stop because he couldn't afford to stop. While the Taotie was enduring the brunt of the Magical Beasts' onslaught. The Gryphons, Hippogriffs, and their riders targeted the fallen Giant Eagles.

The Freedom Fighters from the Zelan Dynasty weren't idle either. Prince Alaric led the charge while riding on a war horse, as the prodigies of the Zelan Kingdom poured out of the city gates to join the fray. 

Their role was to clean up as many Elves as they could within the perimeter of the City Walls, for as long as the Elves were still unable to take full control of their bodies. 

The Super Soldiers, Ash Golems, and even the Deus' Sword Saint, Alfred, swarmed upon the Giant Eagles and their riders, who were gravely injured like ants, killing them without mercy.


This was all part of their strategy. Jekyll would be the bait and lure the concentrated fire of those who were still capable of casting magic, while the rest of the Defenders would hack the Giant Eagles to pieces.

The Elves had finally regained a semblance of order, despite the fact that they weren't able to hear each other, or use their magic.

They nocked their arrows and open-fired at the damned Humans that had taken them completely by surprise. 

Conner eyed the battlefield and raised his hand.

Floyd and the two Archmages once again chanted a different verse of magic and the Black Giant Skull in the sky opened its mouth wide. It emitted a soundless scream that repelled the projectile attacks of the elves, and sent them back into the Elven Army!

Howls of pain reverberated in the air as the Elves did their best to protect themselves from the rain of arrows.

Ezkalor was forced to stop his attack on Jekyll as he used his wind Magic to help shield as many Elves as he could from the unexpected counter that Conner had prepared for them.

Jekyll used this lull in the Beasts' offensive to devour the remaining War Machines before rising up into the air to fire his own Breath of Darkness.

"Sound the bells!" Conner commanded. This was the order for the Defenders to retreat and return to the safety of the City. 

The tolling of bells spread across the battlefield, alerting the Alliance that it was now time to return to the safety of the city walls.

Alfred, cut off the head of the last Giant Eagle before shouting the order to retreat. One by one, the Defenders flew towards the safety of the city in haste. 

"Die!" Jekyll roared as he fired a full-powered Darkness Breath at the bulk of the Elven Army. 

Ezkalor and Eneru hurriedly unleashed their attacks to counter Jekyll's move, but they didn't have enough time to gather enough magic power to match it. 

Suddenly, a bright beam of light, that came from the rear of the army, fused with Ezkalor's and Eneru's attack, and met Jekyll's breath attack mid-air. 

The Unicorns that were guarding the Princess had worked together to fire that beam of light to fight off Jekyll's attack that was meant to reap thousands of lives if it hit its designated target. 


A loud explosion took place sending powerful shockwaves in every direction. 

Jekyll was pushed back, but instead of resisting, he used it to propel himself back towards the city. Although he was regretful that his attack was cancelled, he knew that there was nothing he could do about it. 

As the Taotie flew past the city walls, a loud cheering took place. They had won the first clash against the Elves, and it was an overwhelming victory.

The Giant Black Skull stared down at the Elves as it laughed a soundless laughter. It was as if it was mocking the Elves for their arrogance and stupidity.

The Elves retreated three miles away from the City of Gladiolus in a disorderly manner. Ezkalor, Eneru, as well as the other Beasts guarded the rear, just in case the Humans tried to launch another surprise attack on them.

They had never anticipated that they would lose so badly in the first clash between the two races. They didn't know how many casualties they suffered, but Ezkalor estimated that it was over Three-Hundred Thousand.

Jekyll's gaping mouth had indiscriminately swallowed countless Elves, along with the War Machines that were meant to bring down the walls of Gladiolus. None of the Giant Eagles had survived because they received the concentrated attack of the Allied Defenders.

Empress Sidonie watched this from afar as a playful smile appeared on her lips. She was truly impressed by the one-sided trashing that happened not long ago. However, she also understood that the Defenders wouldn't have it easy the next time.

'They used the arrogance and confidence of the Elves to their disadvantage,' Empress Sidonie praised. 'A truly brilliant move. Even if the city fell, this achievement will certainly be written down in history.'

< Yes. It was very entertaining. The Elves will certainly not be so full of themselves next time and take this war seriously. Also, their Ancient Golem is imprisoned. This will be a blow to their morale. >

Morgana chuckled. Clearly, she was enjoying the show that had happened in front of her. 

'However, I have a feeling that the Ancient Golem will not be imprisoned for long,' Empress Sidonie mused. 'The moment he is released from his prison, it will be the Elves' turn for a counter-attack.'

< True. But, this is what makes it so exciting! >

Empress Sidonie smiled. The Defenders had their taste of victory, but they still hadn't won the war. It would take more than a single loss to deter the Elves from their plan of conquest. 

Evexius eyed the Giant Black Skull in the sky with great interest. He had heard about the Continental Spell that Conner had cast over the Southern Continent, and was very curious how he was able to accomplish this task.


The Grand Archmage then gave Berthold a sidelong glance before shifting his attention to the Young Empress that was seated on the throne.

Evexius didn't know what Empress Sidonie had planned for this war. However, he was sure of one thing. The beautiful lady sitting on the golden throne would definitely make her move before the war's end.

He didn't know why he felt this way, but he trusted his instinct. All he could do was act when that time came and play his role according to the Beautiful Empress' wishes.




Chapter 487

Once the Elves had left the boundary of the Giant Black Skull in the sky, they regained control of their magic. For the past three days, the Clerics, and Spiritualists of the Elves had busied themselves in healing the elves from all of their injuries, including their loss of hearing.

Some of the Elves whose hearing were stronger than others, suffered from shock which caused their bodies to be paralyzed. They had to be carried off of the battlefield by their peers, and this took a great effort on the part of everyone in the army. 

Elandorr, as well as those who had a say in the war, were all gathered inside the Main Tent so they could discuss what they should do next. It would take another three days before the entire Army had been healed from their injuries, according to the Head Cleric and Arcane Spiritualist who were in charge of dealing with the aftermath.

All of them had made several proposals, but none of them managed to get the vote of the majority. They were at an impasse on what to do, because they didn't know if the spell that rendered them helpless could be used over and over again.

Everyone in the room knew that If the Giant Skull could once again disable their hearing, and make their magic inside their bodies run amok then the same thing would happen again. 

While they were at a loss on what to do, Alessio stood up from his seat and spoke his mind. 

"I think I have a way to deal with this problem," Alessio said with confidence.

Everyone in the room faced his direction as they waited for him to continue his explanation.

"I believe that the Giant Skull is powered by the Altars that our enemy built all over the Continent," Alessio stated. "If we destroy those altars, we can prevent them from using that spell over and over again."

No one in the room was able to refute his proposal because it sounded very logical. If they could cut off its power source then the Giant Skull would no longer pose a threat to them.

"Among us, only His Excellency, Lord Eneru, and the mighty Qilin Race, are capable of destroying those altars in a short period of time. I believe that this will deal with the root of the problem and we can continue our assault on the City of Gladiolus."


Alessio then bowed respectfully to Eneru before returning to his seat. As the leader of Deus in the Silvermoon Continent, he couldn't allow Conner to get the upper hand or he would lose face. He could already imagine Berthold's ridicule and contempt going on behind his back, and it irritated him to no end.

"When the altars activated, they shot out pillars of light in the sky," Eneru commented after Alessio's proposal. "Although I have a general idea on their locations, it would be impossible for me to find them all. Unless… you have a way to pinpoint their locations."

Eneru stared at Alessio with a determined expression. Since the Elf had made this proposal, he naturally had a way to find these altars that he had spoken off.

"Of course, Your Excellency," Alessio replied. "I have several artifacts that will help you pinpoint their locations. You can assign them to the members of the Qilin Race in order to finish the job faster."

Eneru nodded. He was itching to do something, and this task suited him perfectly because he could travel at the speed of lightning. The same could be said about the members of the Qilin Tribe, so this assignment was tailor made for all of them.

"Now that the issue of the altar has been dealt with, the next problem remains." One of the Elven Captains sighed. "How do we free, His Excellency, Lord Drauum, from his prison?"

The room descended into silence. This silence didn't last long because Shafel, the Great Elder, spoke his mind.

"I believe that the prison where His Excellency is being held will disappear soon," Shafel said. "A spell that can trap someone of his caliber cannot be maintained for a long time. Perhaps, it might even break at any moment from now."

Everyone in the room looked at the Great Elder with a dumbfounded expression. 

Even Alessio didn't say anything, because he was not aware of the kind of method that the Humans had used to trap a Pseudo-Demigod. All he knew was that whatever it was, they must have paid a high price for it.

Ezkalor had his arms crossed over his chest, but didn't participate in the discussion. He also believed that if the Humans had a way to kill Drauum, they would have already done that, instead of imprisoning it.


Since they chose to imprison it, it meant that they had no way of dealing with ii, which was very different from how they tried to kill Eneru when he challenged them alone.

Seeing that everyone had quieted down, Elandorr scanned the faces of everyone in the room before he ended the conference.

Princess Eowyn wasn't present in the talks because she was one of the Elves that had a very strong auditory perception. The silent scream had knocked her unconscious as her ears bled due to her ruptured eardrums.

Fortunately, her life wasn't in danger and had been personally attended to by the Head Cleric after she had regained control of her powers.

Meanwhile inside the City of Gladiolus…

Conner eyed the Golden Iron Maiden in the sky and saw faint signs of cracks appearing on its surface. He knew that the spell was only a temporary one, and the Young Prince was currently out of commission.

Even if he fed him all the Elixirs in his possession, Prince Ernest wouldn't be able to activate the city's defenses when the Elves came knocking on their doors. 

Conner had made a workaround for that, and used the remaining power of the Giant Black Skull to reinforce the magical barrier of the city.

He also used the power of the altars that they had built inside the city to gather the souls of those that had died during the battle. 

Conner knew that Alessio would think of targeting the altars that were scattered all over the continent, but he was already one step ahead of him. Those altars no longer served any purpose, because he made sure that all the souls that they had gathered had been absorbed by their trump card.

'We can only use the skull one more time,' Conner thought as he eyed the Giant Black Skull hovering in the sky. 'We need to get a decisive win next time.'


The Leader of Deus in the Southern Continent caressed the pendant that hung on his neck. Memories of the distant past flashed inside his mind. 

Happy memories when he was still young and innocent.

Those days were the happiest days of his life. Unfortunately, they didn't last long. Many years later that young and innocent Half-Elf now commanded outlaws, just like him, and was currently the Commander against the Elves that were responsible for taking his beloved away from him.

Conner then shifted his attention to the city where the newly formed Ash Golems, that were born from the corpse of the Elves and the Giant Eagles, stood in formation.

Since the dead bodies of the Elves' and the Eagles' were of high quality, Conner was able to create over a hundred thousand Ash Golems. 

The knowledge to turn corpses into golems was an open secret among the leaders of the Organization. It was one of the pieces of knowledge that had been shared with them by the Supreme Pontifex of Deus that lorded over them all.

To this day, Conner hadn't seen the face of their Supreme Pontifex. In fact, he believed that none of the leaders of Deus actually knew what their Lord looked like. 

Conner chuckled as he pushed away these thoughts at the back of his head.

'Now is not the time to think about His Excellency,' Conner sighed as he eyed the Elven Encampment in the distance. 

If possible, he would like to crush the Elves all at once. Sadly, he was lacking in manpower and the resources needed to make this wish a reality.

It was also at that moment when the image of a red-headed boy flashed inside his head. 


Conner snorted as he looked at the Southeast where the Zelan Dynasty was located.

"Just how long do you plan to make me wait?" Conner muttered. "Where are you? 

"William Von Ainsworth."




Chapter 488

Several new cracks appeared in the golden statue that hung in the air. It had been five days since the Elves made a strategic retreat, and an unnerving peace settled on the land. However, that peace was about to end as the cracks on the statue widened. 

Conner had been resting in his room when his bed started shaking violently. It was still two hours away from sunrise, and yet everyone, who had not been on guard duty, all woke up from their slumber as the tremors intensified.

"He managed to break free sooner than expected," Conner had a grim expression on his face as he hurried towards the command station on the ramparts of the city wall.

When he arrived, he was just in time to see the golden statue shatter into hundreds of pieces. 

Drauum descended on the ground and glared hatefully at the city in front of it.

"You dare to imprison me?!" Drauum roared. "You dare?!"

The Ancient Golem raised iis hand and a ten-meter-wide fist made of Earth materialized behind him. The Ancient Golem was so enraged that he decided to annihilate all the Humans inside the city of Gladiolus.

"Die!" Drauum punched forward and the Giant Fist slammed on the magic barrier. A loud breaking sound resounded in the air as the Earth Fist shattered into pieces. However, Drauum wasn't perturbed.

This time, he summoned not one, but two fists made of Earth, and they were twice as big as the first one he created. 

He punched the magic barrier hatefully with the intention to break it apart. With every punch, the City of Gladiolus trembled. 

With every punch, the anxiousness in the Defender's hearts grew.

Soon, cracks appeared in the Magic Barrier and a sinister smile formed on Drauum's face. It knew that it was only a matter of time before the barrier broke, and when that happened, it would massacre the hateful Humans who dared to imprison it.

Conner raised his hand and the eyes of the Giant Black Skull in the sky glowed brightly. The cracks that had appeared on the Magic Barrier immediately disappeared as the power that supported it was reinforced.

Drauum snorted, but it didn't relent in its attacks. A few minutes later, several cracks appeared once more, and Conner had no choice but to use the power of the Giant Skull to reinforce it once again.


'No good!' Conner clenched his fist. 'If this continues, the power of the souls that we have gathered will slowly be consumed by the Magic Barrier!'

Suddenly, a lightning blast collided with the barrier. Seconds later, powerful breath attacks by the Qilins and Dragons rained down from the sky.

Eneru and the Qilins had just returned after destroying all the altars that were scattered across the continent. They didn't need to destroy many, because most of them had been destroyed after the Continental Spell was activated.

When Eneru felt Drauum's presence, he immediately went to investigate and saw the Ancient Golem trying to break the Magic Barrier that protected the city.

He immediately returned to the Elven Encampment to tell everyone what was happening. Elandorr immediately gave the order to advance, but told the army to remain a mile away from the city.

Ezkalor took off along with Eneru, as well as their kin, to support Drauum's attempt to break the barrier.

The Unicorns on the other hand stood in front of the Elven Army and channeled their magic in their horns. Their target was not the barrier, but the Giant Skull that hung in the sky. After much discussion, they came to the conclusion that the skull could be dispelled by holy power.

Only the Unicorns had such ability in the Elven Army, so Princess Eowyn asked them to help them deal with the current threat.

Naturally, the Unicorns complied to the Princess' request and began to weave a spell that was strong enough to destroy the Giant Skull that tormented all of them.

Conner gritted his teeth when he saw that the Elven Army had stopped their advance. They were too far away for him to activate his Trump Card, and the skull's magic reserves were slowly being drained by the combined attacks of the three Guardians and the Magical Beasts that accompanied them.

Suddenly, a bright beam of light illuminated the darkness. It flew straight towards the skull creating a powerful explosion.

"Noooo!" Floyd screamed when he saw that the spell that he had made along with the two Archmages was destroyed completely.

Moments later, a deafening cracking sound erupted from the barrier. 

Drauum gave it one last blow, and the barrier shattered into pieces.


Elandorr, who saw all of this, raised his sword in the air. He knew that the Humans had lost the upper hand and immediately ordered an attack.

The Forest Wolves, along with their riders, advanced at a rapid pace. This time, Elandorr only sent a quarter of the army, just in case the Humans still had aces up their sleeves. The defeat that they had suffered a few days ago was still fresh in his mind.

He didn't want to take any chances and get caught up once again in a trap that the Branch Leader of Deus had prepared for them.

Unfortunately, Conner's ultimate move had been rendered useless when Drauum regained its freedom. If only the Ancient Golem chose to flee instead of attack then the Magic Energy within the skull wouldn't have been used up. 

Sadly, he had underestimated how much Drauum hated being imprisoned. He didn't anticipate that the Ancient Golem would be so determined to take revenge at all cost.

"Open Fire!" Conner ordered.

The spells of the magicians bombarded the Ancient Golem, but the latter only sneered. With a loud shout, Drauum grew in size until it became a hundred-meter tall Earth Golem. 

The spells landed in his body, making rocks, and pieces of Earth fly in every direction. However, Drauum endured it all, and the land under its feet rose up to patch up the places on its body that had been damaged by the fierce counterattack of the humans defending the walls.

"Regret the fact that you dared to offend me in the afterlife!" Drauum shouted as it pulled back its arm to punch the walls of the city. "Perish insects!"

Drauum unleashed a blow that contained all of its fury. It didn't care if the whole city was demolished by his attack. The only thing it had in mind right now was to vent off its anger.

However, before its punch could even hit the city wall. A gigantic golden staff that was as thick as a castle slammed against the body of the Ancient Golem, sending it hurtling hundreds of meters away from where it stood.

Everyone froze, including the Defenders as they stared at the giant golden staff that had appeared out of nowhere. 

Soon, it retracted and their gaze landed on a teenage boy whose red hair fluttered in the breeze. 

He rested the golden staff on his shoulder as he eyed the battlefield with a serene gaze.


"Have no fear," William said as he raised his chin in arrogance. "The most handsome Half-Elf in the world is here!"

Drauum stood up as it, too, looked at the arrogant Half-Elf whom it hadn't seen for a long time.

"You!" Drauum pointed at William. "I was going to spare your life on behalf of the Saintess, but since you want to court death so much then I will gladly oblige and send you to the afterlife as well!"

William ignored the Ancient Golem as he gazed at the Elven Army that had stopped in their tracks. After a while, he looked at Eneru who was looking hatefully at him from the sky. William noticed that one of its legs was missing, which made him raise his brow in surprise.

"Child, it will be best if you do not get in our way," Ezkalor said. "If you do, I will personally take you into custody and ensure that you will be reunited with your mother."

William shifted his gaze on the Golden Dragon that seemed to hold no hostility towards him. Since he was in his Heroic Avatar form, he could tell whether someone was lying or not. The Golden Dragon had meant what it said, giving William a good impression of it.

"Thank you for the offer, but I already planned on reuniting with my mother when I visit the Silvermoon Continent," William replied with a smile. He then looked in the direction of the Elves' Main Army.

He saw Elandorr standing on a raised platform, and the latter was looking back at him with a glare that matched Drauum's hatred for those that had imprisoned it.

"Now that I am here, I will put an end to this war once and for all," William declared. 

Eneru loudly snorted as it summoned a thunderstorm above the battlefield. He had long wanted to kill William ever since he had realized his true identity. An existence that carried the will of the Eternal Guardian was a sworn enemy of their race.

He would only be able to breathe easy once William's head had been severed from his body. 

"You think that you alone can stop us?" Eneru asked. "How delusional!"

William chuckled as he looked at the Qilin who was missing his whiskers, and an arm on his body. Although he would pay a hefty price for this crime, he was willing to carry that burden on his shoulders. 

"Alone?" William smirked. "Remember this, traitor of the herd, and remember it well… I come as one, but I stand in the tens of thousands."


"I. AM. NEVER. ALONE!"




Chapter 489

Two portals appeared behind William and fourteen goats stepped out from it. They positioned themselves in a line in front of the boy, with Ella taking the lead. 

More portals appeared and the Trollhound Cavaliers, led by Fenrir, flanked William's right side. Mohawk and the Cercopes monkeys flanked his left.

The Centaurs lined up behind William, and hundreds of Rainbow Birds circled the sky above them. Psoglav whistled as he saw the massive army in front of it.

"The rewards should be worth all of this effort," Psoglav muttered as it grinned. It had accompanied William for a very long time, and had gotten used to all the ups and downs of being with him.

Psoglav knew that this time, it would be risking its life, but it was also looking forward to the rewards it would gain after the battle was over. 

Scadrez, the Blood Eagle, shrieked mightily as it hovered in the air. Kasogonaga sat on its back and eyed the Elves with killing intent. 

A beautiful Elf stepped out of the portal and stood beside William as she gazed at the Elves in the distance. She was wearing her black, latex, armor that highlighted the curves of her body, that would make any man look at her with infatuated faces.

Celine summoned her Deathscythe as she stared fearlessly at the army in front of her. Oliver landed on her shoulder, as it too, looked at the Elven Army with a smirk on its face.

Not long after, Wendy also appeared and stood at William's right side, followed by a husky with a lightning bolt stripe on its fur. She held her spear firmly on her hand, and a determined look could be seen on her face.

Est stood beside Wendy and held a plain looking sword in his hand. This was the sword that a Human Hero had wielded during the Era of the Gods to protect the Human Race from complete annihilation. 


Isaac stood beside Est, and beside him was Ragnar, whose tongue lolled outside of its mouth. It was his duty to protect his Young Master, and he wouldn't allow him to fight alone.

"Remember your promise." The apparition of a lady with light-blue hair embraced William from behind. "I will fight by your side, so you can leave everything to me."

William nodded as he raised his hand to caress the side of Ashe's face. The beautiful mermaid had decided to fuse with him in this battle with the Elves. Although his Spiritual World had recovered, she was still worried about a relapse.

William didn't reject her proposal because he knew that his lover was only worried about him. Besides, having Ashe with him put his mind at ease as well.

While the two were showing off their public display of affection, hundreds of portals continued to appear behind them. 

Thousands of Goblins that were mounted on Scavenger Goblin Dogs also arrived at the scene. 

Spire, along with its herd, also appeared. It promised William that it would help him three times, and this was one of those times where it would extend its hand to aid the boy and fight by his side.

The Kelpies, Wild Bisons, and other Beasts that William had tamed in the Anaesha Dynasty also made their appearances. The army grew, in the thousands, and more was pouring out of the portals.

The faces of the Elves remained unimpressed, because a few thousand new enemies wouldn't be able to change the outcome of the war. However, all of their faces stiffened when tens of thousands of portals appeared once more behind the boy.

Lamassus' flew in the hundreds of thousands, covering the sky with their mighty wings. Erchitu, along with the minotaur race, stepped forward and their presence made the Defenders suck in their breaths in anticipation.


Millions of Minotaurs stepped out of the portal; and when the Forest Wolves saw them, they unconsciously took a step back due to the Minotaur Races' passive Intimidation Ability.

Suddenly, Drauum's, Eneru's, and Ezaklaros' expressions became serious when they felt a powerful presence coming out from one of the portals.

Two Minotaurs that were three-meters tall stepped out from a golden portal that appeared in the sky. 

Icarus and Daedalus looked down on the Elven Army while holding their Great Axes with both hands. They were the Two Great Champions of the Minotaur Race and fighting was their forte.

A buzzing sound spread across the battlefield as a three-meter-tall Black Minotaur stepped out of the Golden Portal.

He was none other than King Minos. The Sovereign of the Minotaur Race, and just like Drauum, he was a Pseudo-Demigod.

The Kraetor Empire, that was watching from the side, was dumbfounded by the sudden appearance of the Minotaur Race. They had heard that the Minotaurs had sealed themselves inside their Sanctuary, so they didn't expect that they would appear in this war against the Elves.

William's Passive Skills, Wolf in Sheep's Clothing, Beacon of Hope, and Heroism had all been activated to raise the stats of his entire Herd and King's Legion. Right now, King Minos had given William complete command of the Minotaur Race, so all of them had been temporarily registered as part of his King's Legion.

Wolf in Sheep's Clothing and Beacon of Hope gave everyone +60 to all of their stats. However, Heroism was the skill that trumped everything. This skill increased everyone's stats by 50% if they were fighting against opponents that were stronger than them.

William had assigned Drauum as the strongest opponent in the battlefield, which had dramatically increased the strength of each member of his army.


"Ox's Strength," William said and an orange glow enveloped his forces, increasing their Strength Stat by an additional 20 points.

"Leader of the Herd."

Ella's body glowed faintly as her stats increased by ten.

This was William's very first buff that had made Ella become his main fighting force during his younger years. Although ten stat points didn't seem to make any difference right now, it was still an important buff that made everyone recognize Ella as the Leader behind this mighty Legion.

"Show them the power of the Angorian War Sovereign!" William ordered. 

The fourteen goats bleated in unison and their bodies grew up to ten meters tall. Their massive horns glinted with a deadly hue as they lowered their heads and prepared to charge. 

This was the next form of the Angorian War Ibex, and it was one of the reasons the Hellan Kingdom wasn't able to conquer the Kyrintor Mountains. These Behemoths were all Centennial Ranked Monsters, and their destructive power couldn't be underestimated. 

William jumped onto Ella's back as he looked fearlessly at the opponents whom he had thought to be unbeatable many weeks ago.

Elandorr hastily made an order for the vanguard to regroup with their main army. This was no longer a battle where they could use their numbers to their advantage. The pressure that William's King's Legion presented to them made their hearts shudder.

Drauum, Eneru, and Ezkalor, along with the other beasts also returned to the main army as they prepared themselves to clash with the sudden reinforcements that arrived out of nowhere.


"Trample all those who stand before me!" William pointed his staff at the Elven Army as he activated one of his skills that received a massive upgrade after his King's Legion crossed over the million mark. "Set Forth!"

"Unstoppable... Million Beast Charge!"




Chapter 490

< Unstoppable Million Beast Charge >

(Active Skill)

-- When charging towards the enemies, all members of the Herd and King's Legion gain 80% resistance against ranged attacks.

-- When charging towards the enemies, all members of the Herd and King's Legion gain 80% resistance against magical attacks.

-- Each member of the Herd and King's Legion will receive a magical barrier that can endure up to 1,000,000 Health Points of damage.

-- Any member of the Herd that receives damage that surpasses 1,000,000 Health Points will immediately lose the effect of this buff. 

-- This skill can only be used if the Herd has a million or more members.

Drauum summoned thousands of Earth Spikes and hurled them at the charging Beast Army. Eneru and the Qilins focused their lightning blasts at their target, the red-headed boy riding on the back of the Angorian War Sovereign.

Ezkalor gritted his teeth as he reluctantly summoned wind blades to attack, but he didn't target William. Instead, he focused his attack on the other beasts that were leading the charge. 

A mighty roar erupted from the City of Gladiolus as Jekyll transformed and flew over the city walls. He intended to join William in this charge to fight the Elven Army head-on. The Taotie had long been holding back and wanted to beat the crap out of Eneru.

If not for the fact that there were other Guardians in the Elven Army's ranks, he would have already rushed ahead and rampage to his heart's content. 

The combined magical attack of the Elves, and Guardian Beasts, bounced off the bodies of the Angorian War Sovereigns as they closed the distance. 

Drauum roared as he charged forward with the intention of trampling William and his Beast Army like Ants. However, he had only walked a few steps before he was forced to stop.

A Black Minotaur stood in front of the Ancient Golem with its arms crossed over its chest. Although King Minos was three-meters tall, he was like a small bug in front of a hundred-meter-tall Golem.


Even so, the Sovereign of the Minotaur Race had a calm expression on his face as he hovered in the air.

"Why don't you pick someone your own size?" King Minos challenged before transforming into a hundred-meter-tall Minotaur whose presence made everyone tremble. "Or is your dignity so low that you can only bully children?" 

"Shut up, livestock!" Drauum shouted. 

King Minos chuckled and brushed away the Ancient Golem's taunt. 

"I think the Silvermoon Continent has been too peaceful as of late," King Minos commented. "A puny little golem like you thinks that it can take on the world by itself."

After having the final say, the Giant Black Minotaur grabbed the Ancient Golem's body and threw him in the air. He intended to fight Drauum far away from the two armies because a collision of Pseudo-Demigods could cause friendly fire.

King Minos didn't know if Drauum cared for the Elves or not, but he cared for his people. The thought of accidentally killing them during his rampage would burden his heart.

While King Minos accompanied Drauum to a duel, William's Army had closed the gap by half. Ella then issued a War Cry which further increased everyone's stats by 30%

Conner looked at this scene and clenched his fist. His blood boiled inside his body as he ordered the city gates to be opened. 

He knew that this was a crucial moment and he couldn't afford to hold back his forces. If William and his army fell in this battle, he would be the one to fall next.

The Gates of Gladiolus opened and the Super Soldiers and Ash Golems surged forward. 

Conner whistled and a Black Gryphon landed beside him. He planned to join the battle and kill as many Elves as he could in order to avenge the person whom he had lost.

"Calum, I'll leave the City's command to you," Conner said. 

Calum nodded, "Be careful, Sir."


Conner gave him a brief nod before urging his mount to fly. The Gryphons and the Hippogriffs also took flight and followed him to the battlefield. Over a Hundred Lamassus' flew towards the city wall and landed beside Prince Alaric and the Freedom Fighters.

The Crown Prince mounted the leader of the Lamassus and the rest followed. They were not only fighting for the Hellan Kingdom, but for their homeland as well.

"Glory to the Zelan Dynasty!" Prince Alaric raised his weapon.

""Glory to the Zelan Dynasty!""

Prince Alaric then pointed his sword towards the Elven Army as he, and the members of the Freedom Fighters descended onto the battlefield.

"Kill!"

""Kill!""

Elandorr ordered the Vanguard to brace for impact as the Elven Mages chanted their spells. The volley of arrows by the Elven Warriors fired non-stop, but all of these attacks were deflected by the barrier that was protecting the approaching Beast Army.

"Raise the barrier!" Elandorr ordered.

It was too late to cast offensive skills because William's Army was almost upon them. The Elven Mages then unleashed a magical barrier that wouldn't lose to the barrier that protected Gladiolus from Drauum's powerful offensive.

When the barrier took effect, the Elves that were on the frontline sighed a breath of relief in their hearts because they weren't confident that they would survive a head-on collision with the beasts that seemed to be immune to any kind of damage.

It was at this moment when a powerful shriek, followed by an adorable, yet, hate-filled voice reached their ears.

The Blood Eagle, Scadrez descended like a rocket. It was one of the fastest birds of prey that ever existed in the world of Hestia, on its back was a rainbow-colored Anteater whose grudge against the Elves had burned brightly for thousands of years.

"I'M ROLLING!"


Kasogonaga turned into a rainbow-colored wrecking ball and slammed into the magical barrier of the Elves. 

To the Elves' disbelief, the place where the little Anteater slammed its body cracked. Soon, this crack widened and spread across the magical barrier.

"If you refuse to stop your daydreams then I will shatter it!" Kasogonaga declared. "Just like what happened thousands of years ago. I came here today to break all of your delusions!"

"I'M ROOOOOOOOLLING!"

The Magic Barrier shattered into countless pieces as the Deity of the Sky rolled like it did thousands of years ago.

The rainbow-colored Rolling Calamity.

The Kind-Hearted, yet easily offended, Deity of the Sky who held grudges.

The one and only, Kasogonaga!

"I-Impossible!" Shafel exclaimed as the barrier disintegrated in front of him.

Elandorr froze for a brief moment before he gave his next order.

"Brace for impact!" Elandorr shouted.

The Vanguard hurriedly summoned their shields and braced for impact. All the Elves gritted their teeth as the ground trembled under their feet. The rumbling sounds of Millions of hooves, and paws, created a deadly symphony that was similar to the rumbling of thunder. 

Time seemed to slow down, as Elandorr watched the Angorian War Sovereign, that was in front of the charge, lower its Adamantium-reinforced horns to bulldoze its way towards the Elven Formation.

He watched as the Elves and Forest Wolves in front of the army crashed into the comrades behind them as the Unstoppable Beast Charge's momentum carried them backward.


Blood sprayed into the air as William's King's Legion, mercilessly trampled all those who stood before them. 




Chapter 491

"Die!" Eneru roared as it made a beeline towards William. 

Even though he was injured, his goal of killing the boy still burned inside his heart. However, things were different now… and the arrogant Qilin only realized his mistake after his body met William's gigantic staff head-on.

"Sweep away all adversaries!" William shouted as he raised his staff to swat the Qilin who was charging towards him. "Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

The Legendary Staff that first fought-off the Celestial Army thousands of years ago resonated with William's determination and enlarged itself. This was a weapon that could injure Gods. 

Fighting a Qilin that was only at the Peak of the Millennial Rank was nothing!

Eneru's pained scream reached everyone's ears as the giant staff struck his body like a baseball bat, sending him hurtling several hundred meters away. 

William was about to sweep the Elven Army like a pile of dried up leaves when Ezkalor appeared before him and blocked his attack.

The Elder Dragon had taken his humanoid form and appeared in front of William, kicking him off Ella's back.

Ezkalor may not be as fast as Eneru, or as strong as Drauum, but he had an uncanny ability. He was blessed with Space Magic, which is also called Spatial Manipulation Magic.

Among his skills was the Blink Ability.

The Blink Ability allowed him to appear anywhere within a five-thousand meter radius around him. 

He was also an Ancient Dragon. A race that stood at the peak of the world of Hestia, and was born with one of the strongest bodies in existence. His offensive and defensive capabilities were superb, and this made him the most versatile Guardian of the Silvermoon Continent.

William spun in the air as his feet landed on a white cloud. 

Ezkalor appeared once again in front of him and delivered a powerful punch that sent him flying towards the sky. 

'As expected, fighting against a Myriad Beast at its peak is a pain,' William thought as he once again summoned the cloud to regain his balance.

Due to the Monkey King's powerful body, he received very minimal injuries from Ezkalor's attack. In fact, those injuries had already healed due to Sun Wukong's powerful regeneration abilities.

"Come, Child." Ezkalor made a taunting gesture as he stood in front of him. Clearly, he was preventing William from going back to the battlefield. "Why don't you play with me for a while?"


"Are you sure you want to keep me company?" William inquired. "Jekyll is down there you know. He will just swallow your entire Army if you don't go down there to stop him."

"Your threat is bigger than that of a Taotie right now," Ezkalor answered. "If I were to choose between the two of you, I'd always pick you."

"Should I be honored then?"

"You should be."

William glanced at the chaotic battlefield on the ground. Right now, the Beast Charge had stopped and it was now a complete mess in the battlefield.

He was supposed to be the Commander of the Beast Army, but now that he was out of the picture, he would find it hard to command his King's Legion while fighting against Ezkalor at the same time.

Fortunately, he had already taken this matter into account and appointed someone else to take his place.

A Golden Winged Serpent, that was seven-meters long, rose up in the air. Mounted on her back was Est, who took charge of commanding William's army. 

Thor streaked past across the Elven Army as Wendy used her Runemaster Job Class to fight alongside Isaac, who was currently mounted on Ragnar that had taken the form of a Grand Cerberus.

Blade Xolotl, Grand Cerberus, and Golden Winged Quetzalcoatl. 

These were the three Centennial Forms of Thor, Ragnar, and Dia under the power of Kinship Evolution.

For some reason, even though Est was still not part of William's Familia, Dia's bond with her had unlocked the Kinship Evolution ability. Because of this, the Golden Serpent had transformed into the Golden-Winged Serpent that now slithered across the battlefield as Est gave orders left and right.

"Are they your lovers?" 

William's attention snapped back to the Ancient Dragon in front of him after hearing the latter's question. He then narrowed his eyes as he gripped his weapon in his hand with the intention to go all out if the Myriad Beast dared to touch any of his lovers.

"Don't worry, as long as you stay here, I promise that I won't attack any of them. However, if you leave…"

"Is that a threat?" William asked.

"I, Ezkalor, don't make threats." Ezkalor smiled as he raised his chin, "I'm merely stating a fact."


The golden staff in William's hands gave a metallic sound and William took a fighting stance. "Very well, since you want to play, I will play with you. Don't regret it later."

Ezkalor smirked as he summoned a red blade that glowed faintly. "Come, Child. I will show you that there is always a Heaven beyond the Heavens."

A series of powerful explosions raged in the heavens as William and Ezkalor clashed. The Ancient Dragon was holding a weapon that was on par with Ruyi Jingu Bang, and that was none other than the Dragon God Sword.

"Exceed Break, activate!" William's extra sensory perceptions became heightened as he fought against Ezkalor.

He had no choice but to go all out because his enemy was a whole rank stronger than him. Aside from his Blink Ability, Ezkalor was able to solidify the space around him. He had tried to trap William in a spatial cube, but the latter had used brute strength to break through his invisible prison.

"Hah!" William managed to arrive at the blindspot of the annoying blinking Dragon and executed a killer strike. 

However, to his disappointment, the latter just blinked away, effectively evading his attack. 

The two criss-crossed across the sky as they fought against each other. William was at a disadvantage because of Ezkalor's rank, but thanks to Sun Wukong's strong abilities and weapon, he was able to fend off most of the Ancient Dragon's attacks.

Meanwhile on the ground…

"Stupid Anteater! Don't go too deep into the enemy lines!" Psoglav shouted as he parried and pierced the eye of a Forest Wolf that had tried to sneak attack it from the back. "Oi! Come back here you dumb Kasogonaga!"

The battlefield was in chaos, and although Psoglav shouted with all of its might, its voice was drowned out by the shouts, roars, yells, and pained screams that spread across the battlefield.

Kasogonaga wasn't able to hear the Demonic Dog's warning. However, even if it did, it wouldn't stop. It was too blinded by rage and the only thing in its mind was to kill as many Elves as it could.

"This is the payback you owe me for thousands of years!" Kasogonaga screamed as it shredded everything that blocked its path. After regaining a bit of its powers, it was able to add sharp spikes to its Wrecking Ball form.

Still, the Elves weren't pushovers either. After the rainbow-colored Anteater had gone deep within their ranks, they bombarded it from all sides with magical attacks, and those that had strong physical abilities confronted it head-on.

If the Sky Deity had been at its peak, only the Demigods could stop his rampage. Unfortunately, it had regressed and the Elves were able to finally stop the Anteater from its advance.

Kasogonaga then experienced a magical bombardment from all sides which made it grit its teeth in frustration. Thanks to its rainbow-colored platings, the damage it received was mitigated to a certain extent.

However, after being bombarded by hundreds of magical spells at the same time, the Anteater was starting to suffer from internal injuries, despite its solid outer shell. 


When the Anteater was about to reach its limit, a powerful warcry stopped the elves from their magical bombardment.

Sharx, the Goblin Marauder along with its Mount, Sparky, broke through the enemy lines along with its Goblin Cavaliers.

Erchitu was at the front of this charge, with Psoglav riding on its shoulders. 

Psoglav saw how the Anteater was being suppressed with its Demonic Eye and hurriedly went to find Erchitu to ask for help.

Upon hearing that their friend was in danger, Erchitu called out Sharx and asked for its powerful Goblin Cavaliers to help it break through the Elven Formation.

"Don't fall back!" one of the Elven Captains ordered. "Engage them!"

The Wolf Riders and the Goblin Cavaliers clashed, sending blood flying in every direction like rain. 

Erchitu bashed, and kicked the Wolf Riders that blocked its path, while Psoglav and its Doppelganger worked hand in hand to cover the Giant Ox's blind spots.

"Kasogonaga!" Erchitu yelled as he arrived beside the curled up Anteater. "Are you alright?"

"E-Erchi...tu," Kasogonaga replied weakly. It had suffered serious injuries and was barely able to maintain its curled up form. The moment its friends arrived, the Anteater finally undid its transformation and collapsed on the ground.

Psoglav jumped down from Erchitu's shoulder as he picked up his unconscious friend. 

"Let's go back!" Erchitu unceremoniously grabbed Psoglav and placed it on its shoulder as it unleashed a deafening roar that sent a shockwave around them. 

"Sharx!" Psoglav shouted. "Let's get out of here!"

The Goblin Marauder gave out a guttural cry and rallied its riders for a hasty retreat.

"Don't let them escape!" the Elven Captain ordered as the Wolf Riders closed in on the retreating Beasts.

Erchitu knew that they would be annihilated if he didn't delay the Elves' advance. Sharx had lost a quarter of its riders during this rescue mission, and more riders were dying in order to clear up their path to retreat.

"Psoglav, I'll leave everything to you," Erchitu said.


Before the Demonic Dog could even say anything, the Giant White Ox had grabbed it and threw it with all of its might, back to the side of the Alliance.




Chapter 492

"Erchitu!" Psoglav shouted as it was helplessly thrown away by one of its friends.

After ensuring his friends' safety. 

Erchitu turned to face the Elven Riders alone. 

"Come!" Erchitu roared. "Accompany me to the afterlife!"

The Giant Ox summoned his weapon. It was a giant Axe that William had personally made for him after the Half-Elf had acquired the Adamantium Mine from the Anaesha Dynasty.

Erchitu brandished his weapon, slicing everything around him. He needed to buy time for Sharx and its Goblin Cavaliers to make their escape. 

Arrows, and spells landed on the Giant Ox's body. Its pristine white fur was now dyed in blood, but Erchitu didn't care. It held back the Elves for roughly five minutes, before its body was hit by a Dragon Breath by one of the Dragons that had accompanied the Elves in the war. 

Erchitu survived the attack, but it was gravely injured. Its legs were already sharking, due to its injuries, but the Giant Ox refused to yield. 

"Will,… take care of the rest," Erchitu said softly as one of the Elven Blademasters pierced his chest with his blade.

The Giant Ox's eyes lost its luster as it collapsed on the ground. The Wolf Riders were about to let their mounts feast on it, but the Blademaster prevented them from doing so. 

Perhaps, out of respect for its bravery, or perhaps it was due to pride, but he didn't allow anyone to disrespect the body of the Millennial Beast that had risked its life to save its comrades.

"A valiant warrior shouldn't be treated as food," the Elven Blademaster stated. "Go. There are plenty of Beasts to kill. You can have your fill by eating them. Leave this Ox alone."

The Wolf Riders knew that there was no room for negotiation so they charged forward to reinforce the vanguard.

Blood flowed on the ground like a river as the battle continued. Humans, Elves, and Beasts, none were spared from death as the fervor of the battle intensified.

Icarus and Daedalus were both Pseudo-Myriad Beasts. Although their bodies were littered with wounds, and other injuries, they never stopped swinging their Great Axes as they fought for their Sovereign, and their race.

They had joined this war to uphold the vows they had made, and to atone for the one that they had broken. 

Flaming Bulls, Minotaurs, Lamassus, and other members of the Minotaur Race fought not like wild beasts, but warriors.

Above them, the Rainbow Birds dove down and showered the Elves with the Magic Missiles that came from William's lollipops. Some of them hurled the Acid Bombs that William had crafted to compensate for their lack of offensive attacks.

The Acid Bombs exploded in the air, showering the Elves with a powerful acid that made them cry out in pain. Those that were hit in their eyes were immediately blinded, and smoke rose up from their bodies as the acid ate away their flesh. 

"Fck all of you!" The Red Bird whom William had given the nickname, B1, dropped all the Acid Bombs in its equipment slot like a Carpet Bomber Plane. 


The Blue Bird, B2, waited until the bombs were only a few meters above the Elves before it shot them with magic missiles, creating a powerful chemical explosion that razed those who were unlucky enough to be at the point of impact.

After doing this deed, an arrow pierced its body causing it to fall from the sky. 

"Fck… you," B2 said as it unleashed the acid bombs in its possession before detonating itself, causing a powerful explosion that scorched everything within a twenty-meter-radius.

William's Angray Birds fought bravely, but after realizing their threat, all the Elves targeted them. This caused the Rainbow Birds no other choice but to detonate themselves, bringing down as many Elves as they could.

Bastian, and the other Centaurs shot Elemental Arrows at the Dragons that were attacking them from the sky. 

Thanks to William's Quiver Trees, the Centaurs were able to get their hands on Elemental Arrows that were strong enough to damage Dragon Scales. 

The Qilins were also a problem, and they had no way of dealing with them due to how fast they moved. Fortunately, there was someone in William's Legion that was capable of harassing these nimble Magical Beasts.

Xerxes, the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor, stood on top of its Black-Scaled Salamander and cast Void Arrows left and right. These Void arrows were different from the usual ones, because they were Homing Void arrows.

After joining William's Legion, the Hobgoblin Witch Doctor had also been Knighted by William and transformed into a Hobgoblin Arcane Doctor. With its Dual affinities of Dark and Life Magic, Xerxes was able to create powerful spells that had homing capabilities.

Among them were the Void Arrows that it could fire in the hundreds. 

Rex, the Hobgoblin Chieftain, stood by its side as a bodyguard. Many had tried to attack Xerxes, but were unable to due to the Black-Scaled Salamander's powerful body and breath attacks. After being knighted, Xerxes, and his Beast Companion's rank had jumped to the initial stages of the Millennial Rank.

William didn't know how it happened, but it just did, and was quite thankful because he had acquired not only one, but two Millennial Beasts with one Knighting Ceremony.

Xerxes' rank was equivalent to a Human Archmage. Because of this, he was a force to reckon with when it came to the Arcane Arts.

Ella had been paying close attention to William as she continued to help and protect her allies. Right now, she was watching over Spire who was recovering from a serious injury it had received from one of the Qilins that had focused its attention on it.

Spire had just entered the Centennial Rank, and was no match against a Beast of the Millennial Rank. If not for Ella's intervention, the Qilin might have already killed one of William's first allies. 

Right now, Ella was also a Centennial Beast, but a Millennial Beast was nothing to her. Naturally, she couldn't use her full powers because it would break certain Laws that the Gods had imposed upon themselves.

Also, her current vessel was not strong enough to handle her full powers. If she were to unleash it, her current body would disintegrate due to the power of her Divinity.

Time passed as each side fought for supremacy. Although they were outnumbered, William's Herd and King's Legion had their stats doubled and were able to resist to a certain extent.

Seeing that they were unable to annihilate their enemies, Elandorr decided to use the trump cards that Ezkalor had given him earlier.

"Let's see if all of you will survive after this," Elandorr sneered. He took out two golden tokens from his storage ring and threw them towards the sky. It was time to end this war, and give the Elves the victory that they deserved.


"You need to try harder than that, Child." Ezkalor taunted as he sent William tumbling in the air after a powerful clash.

"Okay, I will try Harder." William replied as he wiped away the blood that spilled at the corner of his lips. 

The Sword of the Dragon God was truly very formidable and each time he clashed with Ezkalor, William felt that the bones on his hand, and arms, were about to break.

Seeing that he had no other alternative, William summoned Stormcaller. 

Eneru was currently fighting against Jekyll and the Qilin had summoned a Lightning Storm and was planning to use it to attack The Alliance, while Jekyll was occupied.

William wouldn't allow such a thing to happen as he pointed Stormcaller's tip at the Dark Cloud that hung in the sky. Lightning bolts fell down on Stormcaller and it greedily absorbed it all. The Half-Elf had decided to go all out, and decided to no longer hide the fact that he could wield lightning.

Also, he was planning to use the Trump Card that he had recently developed while increasing his levels in the Dungeon of Atlantis. 

"Lightning God War Art and Quick Shot Shepherd Fusion Form!"

"Strike with unparalleled precision, Gungnir!"

Stormcaller glowed as William imbued it with the power of his Lightning God War Art. However, he didn't hurl it towards the Ancient Dragon, because he was still not finished with his preparations.

A new power was imbued in Stormcaller and the lightning bolts that crackled on its tip intensified.

"Destroy everything in your path," William roared as he threw the spear forward. "Railgun!"

Ezkalor was about to dodge to the side when his battle sense that had been honed for thousands of years kicked in. The Elder Dragon immediately vanished into thin air, and Stormcaller stopped in place, hovering at a location.

Sensing that he was facing something that had the ability to threaten his life, Ezkalor subconsciously entered his own Domain, which saved him from experiencing one of William's most deadly combination attacks.

This War Art Fusion was something that he had suggested to the system, and the latter recommended that he use God Points in order to upgrade the capability of the CPU Core. 

William had long wondered if his different War Arts could be combined into one, so he didn't hesitate and did the System Upgrade. After experimenting with it in the Dungeon of Atlantis, William had created several powerful combinations using his Lightning God War Art and his Quick Shot Shepherd War Art.

Unfortunately, his opponent had sensed the danger that he was in and chose to hide for the time being.

William took this opportunity to descend to the battlefield, just in time to see the two Golden Portals that Elandorr had summoned.

A twenty-meter long Winged Serpent emerged from the Golden Portal and roared in the air.

It was followed by a five-meter tall Deer, whose antlers shone like the colors of the rainbow. 


The Winged Serpent, Drakon Nalzrig and the Guardian Deer, Zyphon, had appeared on the battlefield

The two Guardians had given their tokens to Ezkalor and told him to only summon them if the Elves were in dire need of help. 

Although he was reluctant to do so, he still decided to entrust the summoning tokens to Elandorr since he was the Commander of the Elves. 

He made sure that the young commander understood the repercussions for summoning them without proper reason. 

Since the Elves were currently at a disadvantage, Elandorr didn't hesitate and used the two tokens of the Guardian Beasts to allow them to be summoned from the Silvermoon Continent and make an appearance on the battlefield.

Jekyll was busy fighting off against Eneru, while Icarus and Daedalus fought alongside their brethren and dealt with the Magical Beasts of the Elven Army.

Drakon Nalzrig saw Dia, who was at the center of the millions of the beasts, and frowned. He could feel that the Golden-Winged Serpent was still young and had only finished her first growth phase. 

Nalzrig roared towards Dia, commanding her to submit to his will. However, to his surprise, the latter roared back in rejection.

Dia was born from William's blood and the power of the Dungeon Cores. She was not a Winged Serpent that would just follow anyone's orders. William was her one and only Master, aside from him, and her chosen partner, Est, Dia would not submit to anyone.

"Foolish child," Nalzrig bellowed. "Allow me to educate you!"

However before Nalzrig could even do what he wanted, he felt something dangerous coming from the sky and immediately coated his body with a screen of draconic energy.

A powerful explosion took place in the sky as William unleashed his Grand Bazooka at the Winged Serpent who dared to attack Dia.

Zyphon, the Guardian Deer of the Elves, raised its head and looked at William in shock. It clearly felt the power of a familiar Divinity inside William's body.

It then gazed around and confirmed the hunch that formed inside of his head.

'The Minotaur Race,' Zyphon thought. 'There's no doubt about it. This child is…'

William arrived beside Dia and patted her head. "Don't worry, I'll deal with him. Est, command the army from the rear." 

"Understood," Est replied as Dia flew back near the rear of the army. 

William stood firmly on top of a cloud as he gazed at the new threats that appeared in front of him. Earlier, although they were still at a disadvantage, it was still fine. However, the arrival of the two other Guardians had destroyed the balance that they fought so hard to achieve. 

Although Drakon Nalzrig and Zyphon still hadn't done anything, the pressure on the Alliance's side grew the moment they made their appearance. The Elven Army, the Alliance, and the Beast Army, had all backed away and separated from each other.

Around them, the dead numbered in the hundreds of thousands. Humans, Elves, and Beasts alike laid on the ground, bereft of life.





Chapter 493

With just a glance, one could tell the number of Elves that died were greater. The Unstoppable Million Beast Charge had broken through the Elves' formation and instantly killed most of the vanguards that blocked their path.

William scanned the bodies of those that had fallen and his heart ached because he recognized some of them.

Kasogonaga was bawling its eyes out as it gazed at the body of the Giant White Ox that had died protecting it, Psoglav, Sharx, and the Goblin Cavalry from their enemies. 

It blamed itself for not being able to control its bloodlust that had caused the needless sacrifice of its friends' lives. 

The Demonic Dog that always had a composed smile on its face was no longer smiling. Instead, its bloodshot eye gazed at the Blademaster that was standing beside its friend's dead body in the distance. 

If iis single eye could kill then Psoglav had already killed the Blademaster, who had taken its friend's life, a thousand times over.

"Well, I guess this is what you call checkmate, boy," Ezkalor appeared beside Nalzrig with his arms crossed over his chest. "Surrender while you still can. Enough blood has already been spilled, no?"

Stormcaller returned to William's side because the effect of his combined fusion art had lost its effect. 

The Half-Elf stared at the three Myriad Beasts in front of him with a serious expression. The initial advantage they now had was gone, and the battle once again leaned in favor of the elves.

< That was an unexpected development. >

Morgana chuckled as she gazed at the Giant Deer and Winged Serpent that had been summoned out of desperation. 

< Poor Darling. I guess he is in serious trouble now. >

Empress Sidonie looked at this scene calmly. Drakon Nalzrig's, and Zyphon's appearance was indeed unexpected, and was not part of her plan. Even so, she still believed that the outcome that she had envisioned would still become a reality.

'What are you going to do now, Sir William?' Empress Sidonie thought as her eyes focused on the Half-Elf who stood at the very front of the Allied Army.

King Minos and Drauum had also stopped their battle and returned to their normal sizes. Drauum was surprised to find a being that it wasn't able to beat using brute force. King Minos didn't even bother to look at the Ancient Golem as he returned to the side of his people.


A unicorn landed in front of the Elven Army. seated on its back was Princess Eowyn who looked at William with a complicated gaze.

"Sir William, we don't need to continue this war," Princess Eowyn said. "Like I said before, we can reach a compromise. You can be the King of this country, while it goes under the Elves' rule. No one needs to get hurt anymore, so, please consider it, Sir William."

William gave the Princess a side-long glance before shifting his gaze to Zyphon.

The Guardian Deer of the Elves felt a shudder run down its spine when William looked straight at it. 

"Princess Eowyn, your offer is good, but I already said that I do not wish for dominion," William replied. "Also, you're not the one that has the final say in this negotiation. What you wish for, is not what those who have instigated this war wish for. I would appreciate it if you would just stand to the side and not involve yourself in useless politics."

Princess Eowyn felt her cheeks burn from embarrassment after hearing William's reply. She was still the Princess of the Elves, and for the red-headed boy to tell her that she didn't have the final say in negotiations made her heart ache.

Elandorr who saw this found it the perfect opportunity to get into the Princess' good graces. He immediately stepped forward and berated William for his crashness.

"How dare you insult Her Royal Highness?" Elandorr asked. "She is our princess, naturally she represents us all."

William frowned as he shifted his attention to Elandorr.

"You. Can you stop talking?" William pointed his finger at the young Elven Commander. "I don't know what kind of idiot placed you in your position, but you are as useless as that princess in this negotiation. What you say doesn't matter." 

"Y-You!" Elandorr couldn't believe that William had the guts to tell him that he was as useless as the Princess. "I am the Commander of this expedition!"

"So?" William snorted. He then raised his chin arrogantly and pointed it at Shafel who was standing not far away from Elandorr. "Then tell me, can you order that old elf beside you to go to the back of your army while you handle the negotiations?"

Elandorr was about to say more, but he almost choked when he heard William's words. The old Elf that the red-headed boy referred to was the Patriarch of his clan. Even if you gave him a bottle filled with courage, he didn't dare order his Patriarch to go to the back of the army while the negotiations were being held.

"See?" William sneered. "You're just a prop to make your clan look good. Since you don't have a say in this matter, then shut the f*ck up."

Conner, who had his arms crossed over his chest, laughed out loud at William's statement. Although he and William were only temporary allies, he liked how the boy made the Princess and the stuck-up Commander of the Elves know their place.


Elandorr used all of his willpower to prevent his expression from distorting. The Half-Elf had announced that he was merely a Prop Commander. Although he wanted to refute his words, he felt that William would say something else that would make him lose face even more.

Instead of saying anything, Elandorr raised his hand and the Elves parted to make way. Erchitu's body, that was stained with blood, was carried by magic and placed beside Elandorr.

The Young Commander sneered at William as he stabbed his sword into the head of the Beast that sacrificed its life to protect his comrades.

William's eyes widened because of Elandorr's action. Kasogonaga shouted, and Psoglav growled. The residents of the Thousand Beast Domain glared at Elandorr hatefully, but the Elf didn't bat an eye and continued what he was doing.

After a while, a core that was as big as a bowling bowl had been dug out from Erchitu's head. It was purple colored and contained vast amounts of energy that people use to increase their ranks in the world of Hestia.

Shafel smirked from the side because he approved of his grandson's counter-attack. William's face that had contorted with anger was the perfect proof that Elandorr had succeeded in making him angry.

"This Beast Core is good," Elandorr said with a smile. "I'm sure that my rank will increase after I have absorbed all of its energy."

Icarus and Daedalus gripped their weapons and were about to take a step forward, but King Minos grabbed both of their arms and shook his head.

"Do not do anything," King Minos said. "Someone else will do it for you."

Elandorr patted the Beast Core in his hand and gave William a smug smile. Killing intent overflowed from William's body, but the Elven Commander wasn't scared. There were Five Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent around him, so there was no reason for him to be scared.

Eneru smirked because he hated William with every fiber of his being. Anything that would make the Half-Elf mad was welcomed in his book.

"You just had to do that didn't you?" William said through gritted teeth.

"Yes? What's wrong?" Elandorr chuckled. "Isn't it the victor's duty to enjoy the spoils of war? Everyone, tonight we will be having beef jerky. There are so many freshly slaughtered cows here. I'm sure that we will all have our fill."

The Elves cheered in unison to back up their Commander's words. They then eyed the tens of thousands of flaming bulls and Lamassus' that had died. The Beast Cores inside them were still in place, and the Elves would process them later after their important parts had been dismantled and stored properly. 

William's face returned to its normal expression as he looked at Elandorr as if he was looking at a person that was about to die. There were things that he could brush off, and things that he couldn't.


He had almost lost control when he saw how Elandorr desecrated Erchitu's body and was now even thinking of eating the members of the Minotaur Race that had fought hard, and died fighting for him.

"Unforgivable," William muttered as he plucked out a few strands of his hair and blew on it. Immediately those strands became seven clones who somersaulted in the air and landed on white clouds. 

William pulled a few more strands of hair then more, and more.

He blew on them all and now, thirty clones floated in the air above William. With a loud shout, these clones released their Aura which made Drauum frown. 

All of the Clones had the rank of a Saint. This rank wasn't a match to any of the Guardians beside it, but somehow, he felt that something was wrong.

"Drauum and Eneru, do you remember the first time we met?" William asked as he gripped the staff in his hand firmly. "Do you remember the parting gift I gave both of you last time?"

Drauum's and Eneru's expressions immediately turned serious. How could they possibly forget that scene when William had left a two-mile-wide scorched Earth when he made his escape with Jekyll.

""Quick Shot War Art… Fourth Form!""

All the clones aimed their staff at the Elven Army in front of them.

Drauum roared and stomped its feet on the ground. Several walls of Earth stood in front of the Elven Army.

"Quick cast your barriers now!" Eneru ordered.

William pointed his own staff at the Earth Dome that had risen up to protect the Elves from his overflowing emotions.

Emotions that could no longer be held back, for his heart screamed in anger.

The tip of the golden-metalic staff in William's and his clones' hands glowed brightly. They were about to unleash William's answer to the Elandorr's provocation. 

""Grand Bazooka!""





Chapter 494

A series of loud explosions erupted as Drauum's Earth Dome blew up. William didn't let his clones fire all at once. Six clones fired one grand bazooka every second, which resulted in a non-stop barrage of one of William's deadliest attacks. 

William had already messaged King Minos to take everyone to safety before he fired his first shot. 

Just like William, and Ezkalor, King Minos had his own domain. He forcefully teleported everyone inside it before vanishing from where he stood. He reappeared seconds later on the ramparts of Gladiolus and watched William's answer to Elandorr's vile action.

William could create clones, but making them had a price. It would lessen the duration of his Heroic Avatar drastically. Right now, he only had half a minute before his transformation was undone, but he didn't care.

He would use it all up and give the Elves a taste of their own medicine.

Empress Sidonie, Prince Jason, and Evexius stared at this scene with varied emotions. They were the three leaders of the Kraetor Army, and right now, they were witnessing something that they had never seen before.

King Minos waved his hand and William disappeared from where he stood and made the boy reappear beside him.

Thick smoke covered the sky as William's clones disappeared one by one. 

When the smoke cleared up, a blazing sea of fire and magma appeared on the battlefield. 

Drauum's Earthdome had shattered, but the combined effort of the four other Guardians had kept the Elves safe, or at least, kept them from dying.

Drauum, Nalzrig, Ezkalor, and Zyphon then worked together to deal with the magma that had formed around the Elven Army.

William looked at the body of the Giant White Ox, and raised his hand.

"Legion Recall."

Erchitu's body turned into a beam of light and shot toward William. Suddenly, more beams of light that numbered in the hundreds of thousands shot out from the Elven Formation and flew towards him. 

Although it was only temporary, all the Beasts that had joined him in this battle were now members of his King's Legion. Even though they were dead, William was able to recall their bodies and send them back to his Thousand Beast Domain.

King Minos looked down at the Half-Elf beside him with gratitude. 

No decent Sovereign wanted to leave their brave and honorable warriors to be treated as freshly slaughtered meat in the market, and be cooked at a later time to fill one's hunger.

When the last beam of light pierced William's chest, the Elves had also finished stabilizing their surroundings. 

"Did you run out of steam?" Eneru sneered. "Is that all you've got?"

William looked at him indifferently as his gaze landed on the Elves. 


"Yes. that's all I got," William replied. "Did you like it? Relax, there's more where that came from. Let's see if you will always be there to protect these elves from my wrath."

Princess Eowyn, who had just experienced a bombardment that could have easily wiped out the entire Elven Army if their Guardians weren't there, shivered at William's words. If the Half-Elf wasn't lying then they would really be in big trouble if they were to step out of their Guardian's protection.

A week.

William could only use Sun Wukong's power an hour every week. However, in that one hour, if he wished for it, he could deal catastrophic damage if he threw his morals to the wind. 

Shefal frowned when he heard William's words. His ears were still ringing from the explosions that had continued non-stop for half a minute. 

At first, he looked down on the boy because he didn't think much of him. He even wanted to capture William, and use him as a hostage to blackmail the Half-Elf's family in the Silvermoon Continent. 

Now that he had seen what he was capable of, he changed his mind and wanted to nip him in the bud to prevent him from growing up and becoming a threat, just like his father. 

"Do you think that we will allow you to leave?" Drauum asked.

William snorted. "Do you think you can catch me? Come. I'd like to see you try."

He had already made adequate preparations. If Drauum really did make a move to capture him, he would immediately open his domain and hide inside. If the Ancient Golem, or anyone else was foolish enough to follow him inside his domain then they would be in for a nasty surprise.

After that episode with Cernunnos, William had prepared a trap for those who attempted to enter his domain without his permission. 

The Half-Elf then stared at Elandorr and marked him. He would be the one to personally kill the bastard Elf who dared to commit that vile act to his friend.

"Talking is futile," Eneru stated. "Go! Let's finish what we started."

The Elves looked at their Guardian then back at Elandorr who was their appointed Commander.

Elandorr took a deep breath as he stored Erchitu's Beast Core inside his storage ring. He then raised his sword and ordered the Elves to attack.

At least, that was what was supposed to happen. 

Four beings stood in front of the Elven Army, and blocked their path of advance.

"What are you doing?" Eneru snapped. He glared at the teenage boy with light-blue hair that had forcefully taken his whiskers from him. "We had an agreement. Why are you getting in our way?"

The teenage boy chuckled as he crossed his arms over his chest.

"This battle ends today," the teenage boy replied. "You can continue it tomorrow. Our Empress is now tired and wants to take a nap. 


"And what does your Empress taking a nap have to do with our war?" Shefal asked. "Surely, she can continue to nap while we finish our business here, right?"

The teenage boy shook his head and gave Shefal a weird look as if the Old Elf lacked I.Q.

"Orders are orders," Nero, the White Tiger replied instead of the teenage boy. "Our Empress wants to see the entire battle unfold. How can she do that if you fight against each other while she is taking a nap? This won't do. You should do as our Empress wishes."

"And why must we follow your Empress' desire?" Drauum challenged. "This isn't part of our agreement?"

"Our Agreement stands only because our Empress agreed to it. If she no longer agrees then there is no longer an agreement."

The purple-haired lady beside Nero giggled. She then glanced at the Ancient Golem with a teasing smile as she supported his colleague's statement. 

"Because, if you continue to fight today… our Kraetor Empire will have no choice but to stop you by force. Our Empress gave her orders, and they must be followed. Since you don't want to follow then we have no choice but to… make you follow by force."

The purple-haired beauty then glanced at William and waved at him. 

William played along and waved back at the girl, which made Drauum and Eneru exchange glances.

"Well, if you think your Elven bones are strong enough to handle our combined armies then we can continue this war," the teenage boy with light-blue hair proposed. 

Clearly, he was itching to fight after watching William's dominating performance.

Ezkalor stepped forward to face the Three Protectors of the Kraetor Empire. As for who the last person was, he had no idea. The man or woman was covered in a black robe, and their face was hidden from sight.

Even so, Ezkalor could tell that the latter was a Pseudo-Demigod, just like Drauum and King Minos. 

"Let me confirm something," Ezkalor said before his colleagues accepted the Kraetor Army's provocation. Although they could fight them in a one-on-one battle, William and his army were still very much alive.

If these two armies were to ally themselves with each other then they would be forced to make a hasty retreat back to the Zelan Dynasty and their campaign would end as a failure.

"You said that the battle ends today, but we can continue tomorrow, is that right?" Ezkalor inquired.

"Yes," Nero replied. "That is what Her Majesty wishes."

"Then, if we continue this battle tomorrow, you will no longer interfere?" Drauum asked.

"No," the teenage boy answered. "You can fight all you want and we will not lift a finger to stop it."

Ezkalor then raised his head to look at the Half-Elf who was standing on top of the City Walls.


"When the sun rises tomorrow, this fight will continue," Ezkalor declared. "Use this time to think about our Princess' offer. Although she might not hold any authority in this expedition, she is still the daughter of the Elven King."

Ezkalor turned around because he had already said what he wanted to say. He wished that William would come to his senses and just accept Princess Eowyn's compromise.

Zyphon stared at William long and hard before it turned its head to return to the Elven Encampment along with Ezkalor. If possible, it didn't want to fight against William because it had already determined who he was.

Drauum stared at King Minos before merging with the ground. Although it didn't show on its face, the battle against the Minotaur King had exhausted it. 

It never thought that a mere Beast King would be able to fight it on even ground, even though the Ancient Golem had already been using the power of the Earth with all its might.

Elandorr reluctantly gave the order to return to the Elven Camp. He knew that William wasn't going anywhere, and the Guardians had already made their stance clear. Fighting was no longer an option, so he decided to give the order to retreat.

King Minos waved his hand and released all those that he had forcefully taken inside his domain. They had all seen what happened outside because King Minos allowed them to see it.

Conner snorted as he returned to his temporary residence inside the palace. They had been given a day to prepare for the next fight, and he would use that time to scheme and find a way to get the upper hand.

Ian materialized behind William and supported his body. 

The Half-Elf was only barely able to stand due to her support inside his Spiritual World. He didn't want to show the enemy any signs of weakness, so he endured and stood tall until they had safely returned to their camp.

"Rest for now," Ian said. "I'll wake you when it's time for dinner."

William weakly nodded as he closed his eyes.

Frankly, he was still exhausted from dispelling the weakness that had befallen the Minotaur Race.

Doing it day after day had taken a toll on his body, and mind. Even though he was able to rest, the exhaustion never went away completely. Ian sighed when her lover had finally fallen asleep in her embrace.

To be honest, she was tired as well, but her exhaustion was nothing compared to William's. 

Wendy, Est, and Celine checked his condition in turns to see if he was seriously injured during the battle. Fortunately, that wasn't the case so they decided to bring William to one of the rooms in the palace to rest.

King Minos watched as the red-headed Shepherd was carried away by his loved ones. 

"Ariadne, what are our chances of winning?" King Minos asked. "What is the possible future that you see?"

A portal appeared beside him and the young lady that took care of William inside the Minotaur's Sanctuary stepped out of it.

"There are several possibilities, and all of them lead to one ending except one," Ariadne replied as she stared at the dark-gray clouds that hung in the sky. "However, that future is only a possibility, and the price that needs to be paid for that future… will affect the entire world."


"Is it that bad?" King Minos asked once again.

Ariadne smiled faintly and shook her head. She didn't see that far in the future. More like, she couldn't see that far in the future. The only thing she knew was that before morning came… a decision had to be made.

A decision that only the sleeping Shepherd could make.




Chapter 495

Within the Kraetor Army Encampment, the Young Empress tossed and turned on her soft bed. For some reason, she was feeling anxious. 

She had asked the Protectors of the Kraetor Empire to interfere with the war in order to give William some breathing space. This would allow the Half-Elf to feel indebted to her, and would become the foundation with the follow up she was preparing when morning came.

Although the Elves' had acquired two more powerful Guardians by their side, she was confident that the plan she had in mind would still be doable. However… a sudden feeling of anxiousness crept over her heart, and she didn't know where it was coming from.

< Can't sleep? >

Morgana hugged her other half who seemed to be feeling restless. Both of them shared the same body, so it was only natural that she could sense Sidonie's current mood.

'I'm feeling restless,' Sidonie replied. 'I feel like something unexpected is going to happen tomorrow.'

Morgana nodded her head. Things had really taken a different turn from how this war was supposed to turn out. The first variable was William acquiring the help of the Minotaur Race. 

The second one was the arrival of the Two Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent.

< Everything that happens once can never happen twice. But everything that happens twice will surely happen a third time. >

'Big Sister, you're not helping.'

Morgana chuckled and lightly pinched Sidonie's ear inside their shared mindscape. 

< Worrying about things outside of your control is a waste of time. Just focus on the things that you can control. Regardless of what happens, we will know when morning comes. For now, rest. You will be able to think clearly once you are properly rested. >

'Big Sister, take over for me.'

< Okay. >

Morgana took over Sidonie's body while the latter weaved a cocoon inside their shared mindscape. This was the only way to forcefully get herself to sleep at night without worrying about the outside world. 

Since her other half was manning the helm, she could rest easily without any worries. 

Morgana hummed a lullaby as she lay on the soft bed. It was not only Sidonie who was feeling anxious. She was only able to hide it better since she was the Young Empress' pillar of support. 


"Darling, don't do anything stupid," Morgana said softly, as she closed her eyes to rest. 

Inside the Royal Palace of the Hellan Kingdom…

William, Conner, King Minos, Prince Alaric, and a few others gathered inside the conference room. 

A few minutes ago, the discussion had been heated, but now, everyone was silent. Although the walls of the city were strong, it wouldn't take long for the Elves to break them. 

Conner had come clean and admitted that the only spell that they could use at the moment was the restriction of flight. This included Flight Magic.

So, they didn't have to worry about the Magical Beasts, or the Elves, using their wind Magic to soar past the walls and engage them in combat. 

Even so, that didn't change the fact that they could just bombard the walls with strong magical attacks from afar. 

King Minos may be able to keep Drauum occupied, but there were four more Guardians to worry about. William had also used up his Heroic Avatar, and had to wait for a week before he could use it again.

"Looks like a battle inside the city is imminent," Jekyll said as he leaned back in his seat. "Still, I don't understand. Why are the walls protecting the Second Level of the city more sturdy than the city gates?"

"It is because the third King of the Hellan Kingdom was paranoid and was afraid of a Coup D'etat," Conner smirked. "In case the masses were swayed by his younger brother, he decided to reinforce the secondary walls that separated the noble district from the commoners. 

This way, he would be able to hold back any kind of rebellion and still come out on top. Well, I guess the genes of betrayal are part of the Royal Bloodline."

Conner had dealt with both princes of the Hellan Kingdom, so he knew what he was talking about. Lionel and Rufus were perfect examples of brothers who wanted to topple each other in order to gain the throne of the Kingdom.

William listened to the discussion half-heartedly because he was thinking of something else. The bodies of Erchitu, and the members of his Legion were now inside his Thousand Beast Domain. 

He had visited a few hours ago and saw Kasogonaga's and the others' sad expressions, as they mourned beside the bodies of their comrade at arms. It was a heartbreaking scene, and William had to use all of his willpower to prevent his tears from falling.

Aside from Erchitu, Bastian had also died. 

Spire barely managed to survive due to Ella's protection, and was currently recovering from its injuries. William knew that when morning came, the proud Guardian would once again rise to its feet, and fight with its head held high.

This time, William had a feeling that Spire and the others would also depart from the land of the living and it made him feel helpless.


While he was deep in his thoughts, the meeting continued. It was Conner, Prince Alaric, and King Minos that steered the conversation. However, the Leader of Deus needed everyone's cooperation, so William was not spared from his inquiry.

"William, you already know our current state," Conner said. "Do you have any suggestions on how we can live past tomorrow? If you don't have any then that girl seated beside you might be the next one to die."

Wendy glared at Conner, and the latter just smirked. 

She was seated on William's right, and Est was seated on William's left. Since Conner didn't know Est's secret, the Leader of Deus was referring to no one else but her.

"Next to be dead…," William muttered softly. 

It was at that moment when an idea materialized inside his head. An idea that he had buried for the time being because he was too busy for the past few weeks. 

William knew that what he planned to do might come back to bite him in the future. But, would there still be a future if he didn't survive when morning came?

"I need to go somewhere," William said as he raised his head to look at Conner. "It might take a while before I return, but I promise that I will return."

"Meaning, you want us to buy you some time?" Conner frowned. "How much time do you need? An hour after sunrise? Two hours?"

The Leader of Deus smiled wryly as he eyed William. He was hoping that the boy still had other tricks that he was still saving for tomorrow's battle, but the latter only said that he had to go somewhere.

As someone that had climbed up in his position, Conner was not unfamiliar with betrayal. Although he knew that the possibility was small, he still couldn't shake the feeling that William was just saying these things, so that he could escape.

Right now, the Elves wanted him dead, except for a few like Ezkalor, Zyphon, and Princess Eowyn. All of them wanted to get their hands on William, so that they could torture him and lock him up.

"I don't want to say this, but, are you planning to escape?" Conner inquired. 

"William is no coward," Est replied as he stared fearlessly at Conner. "You don't know the battles that he has fought. Battles where his chances of winning were next to nothing. He-"

"Hold there young man. I'm not saying that William is a coward," Conner stopped Est on whatever he was about to say next. "I just want to know what he plans on doing while we die to buy him some time. Am I asking for too much? I think not."

Conner didn't care about William's accomplishments. He had seen many upright individuals that had turned coat in order to save their own hides. In Conner's eyes, no one was innocent, not even the Saintess of the Silvermoon Continent. 

"I'm sorry. But, I can't tell you," William said after organizing his thoughts. 


Conner nodded his head. "I see. Well, in that case, we don't have anything more to talk about. If you want to escape then go ahead. I will not stop you. My men and I won't die for your sake."

Conner stood up from his seat and prepared to leave the room. But, before doing so, he gave William one last glance and left his parting words.

"I expected more from you," Conner stated. "Looks like I overestimated a child."

He then walked towards the exit of the conference room and never looked back. Conner had spent hours thinking about how they could win against the Elves, but nothing came to mind. In truth, he was just looking for an excuse.

The Leader of Deus had already made up his mind before he gathered everyone to have a meeting. Since there was no chance of victory then he would just do what he needed to do and that was to… survive.

"Humans are truly interesting," King Minos said a minute after Conner had left the conference room. "They like to put on an act in order to justify themselves. That man had already decided to leave from the start. He is a very smart person."

The King of the Minotaurs then raised his hand to cast a soundproofing barrier inside the Conference Room. no matter what was discussed inside, no one would be able to hear, nor see it, even if they used scrying magic.

"Tell me what you have in mind," King Minos said. "We have already made an oath to you. Regardless of what happens, we are on your side."

William stared long and hard at the King of Minotaurs before nodding his head. However, he didn't say anything inside the conference room. 

Instead, he asked for the two of them to talk in private. 

Prince Alaric was also inside the room, and there were things that William didn't want to share with his distant cousin, who was also the Crown Prince of the Zelan Dynasty.

"... Are you serious?" King Minos looked at William with a dumbfounded expression. 

The two of them went to William's private quarters. There, the Half-Elf told the King of the Minotaurs about the Undying Lands, and the floating island where Avalon stood.

"I am serious," William replied. "However, I don't know if I will be able to succeed. If I fail, our Plan B is to return to the Minotaur Sanctuary. We don't need needless sacrifice anymore. If the walls of the city are breached, gather everyone to the second level of the city."

King Minos didn't say anything and simply stared at William with a serious expression.

"Are you sure about this?" King Minos inquired. "That thing may destroy the world, you know?"

William sighed. He also didn't want to do this. The only reason why he was doing so was due to Takam's advice when the two of them had communicated through his Blood Eagle, Scadrez. 


As long as a possibility existed, William was willing to take it.




Chapter 496

"Halt!" The guard that was keeping watch on the Kraetor Army's camp stopped a dozen black-robed men from entering their encampment. "State your business."

The leader of the black-robed men removed his hood, and smiled at the guards who had their weapons aimed at him.

"My name is Conner, and I would like to have an audience with her Majesty, Empress Sidonie," Conner said politely. "Can you please, pass the word that I am here to see her?"

The guards exchanged glances at each other. Their captain then stepped forward to appraise Conner from head to foot before giving his reply.

"Wait here, I'll inform Her Majesty," the Guard Captain replied before turning around to leave.

Earlier, one of the aides of their Young Empress, Priscilla, had given him a hand written letter from the Empress. The letter had said that if anyone named Conner, William, or Elandorr, came to ask to meet her then they should inform her right away.

The Guard Captain thought that this message was weird, but still decided to stay vigilant just in case the message of the Empress came to pass. He just didn't expect that these unexpected guests would arrive at midnight, when almost everyone in their camp was asleep.

Meanwhile… back in the Royal Palace of the Hellan Kingdom.

"Do you really have to go?" Wendy asked. 

"I do," William replied as he hugged the blonde beauty in his arms. "Don't worry. I will definitely come back."

William then stared at his lovers who were looking at him with anxious expressions. Ashe was more worried than the rest because she had ventured in the Undying Lands with William.

She had proposed to go with him, but William firmly rejected her offer. What he was about to do was dangerous, and he didn't want to bring Ashe along, just in case something unexpected happened.

He had already asked King Minos to look after his lovers and make sure that they were safe from harm. William added that if he was not back before the second wall of the city was breached, King Minos would take everyone and return to the Minotaur's Sanctuary. 

The Gate of the Beginnings were still shut tight, but William had created a small gap that allowed a single person to pass. This was the backup plan that they had prepared if ever they failed in their war against the Elves. 

William was about to go when he heard a knock on the door of his room. Est opened it, and frowned.

Ariadne stepped inside the room to tell William that Conner and the members of his organization had left the city.

"Conner left this letter for you, along with the command token for the Super Soldiers and the Ash Golems," Ariadne said as she handed Conner's letter and two black tokens with different markings embedded on their surface.

William thanked her and read Conner's letter. The letter from the leader of Deus was brief and only told William that he had joined the Kraetor Empire.


Conner also mentioned that since they were in a hurry, the Altar that they had built inside the palace had not been dismantled. He even joked that the souls of the Minotaur Race might still be there, since no more than two days had passed since the battle. 

Lastly, the Leader of Deus wished him luck in the fight against the Elves and told him that the red-headed boy was lucky enough to survive the war, he would like to collaborate with him more in the future. 

"What a vile person," Wendy said after reading Conner's letter. "I knew I should have planted a lightning rune inside his room."

William chuckled as he patted the head of the raging Wendy who had thrown the letter in the fireplace. 

"Actually, I think this is a good idea," William said. "You all should leave this place as well. Return with King Minos to their Sanctuary. After I'm done here, I will follow all of you there as well."

"I won't go," Wendy replied in a heartbeat. "I already told you that I will fight by your side. I will only go if you leave with me."

William smiled as he looked at Ashe. 

His lover who had given him half of her heart and ensured the fast recovery of his Spiritual World. Thanks to her, he was now able to fight for an extended period of time without worrying about a Spiritual Collapse.

"I will also stay," Ashe declared. "I feel the same way as Wendy. We will only leave, if you leave with us."

William nodded. He had shared many intimate moments with her and knew that the mermaid had a surprisingly feisty side on her. 

"Same goes for me as well," Est commented from the side. "On behalf of the Hellan Kingdom, thank you, Will. I am honored to have you in my life."

"Oi, don't say such ominous things. Didn't your mother ever tell you not to raise a flag?"

"Raise a flag? What flag?"

William scratched his head as he looked at the handsome boy who was tough on the outside, but a softe on the inside. He had known this secret after he had spent some time in training the passive, silver-haired beauty, in his Spiritual World.

There were even times during their training when William felt that he was corrupting a pure and innocent girl. Still, he had already accepted Est as his third lover, and she was very precious to him.

Ariadne watched all of this from the side with a smile. She was someone whose face was meant to be forgotten, so she felt jealous of how intimate William was with his lover and friends. 

'So, he chose this path,' Ariadne thought. She had seen a glimpse of this future, but she didn't know how it ended. Even so, according to what she saw in that future, William will go to that place.

And she would be waiting for him there.


"Are you sure about this, partner?"

"Oh? I'm your partner now?"

"Of course," Psoglav said. "I'm still waiting for more juicy rewards in the future. You still haven't paid me for my participation in this war. I expect that I will be rewarded handsomely for my efforts."

William eyed the Demonic Dog with an understanding gaze. Although Psoglav was joking, and even smiling, its smile never reached its eye.

There was sadness and hurt in Psoglav's single eye that looked at the world for what it truly was. 

"What do you want as payment?" William asked. He knew that Psoglav wouldn't approach him without a good reason. 

"This is what I like about you," Psoglav replied as he patted William's shoulder. "You're fast on the pickup."

"Spill it out."

"I want Elandorr's head."

William narrowed his eyes. Elandorr was someone he had planned to kill, but it seems that the Demonic Dog was also thinking of the same thing. 

After a staring contest that lasted for two minutes, William closed his eyes as an internal battle waged inside his heart. In the end, he sighed and reluctantly nodded his head.

"Fine. But, on one condition," William said.

Psoglav crossed its arms over its chest. "What is it?"

"Don't make it swift."

"I have no intention of doing that. It is not only me that wants a piece of him. I'm afraid that Kasogonaga might call dibs on him first, so I decided to talk to you before our rainbow-colored friend finished mourning."

William nodded as he placed his hand over the monument that would take him to the Undying Lands. However, he didn't leave right away. He glanced at the Demonic Dog who still had its arms crossed over its chest.

"Do you eat Elves?" WIlliam inquired out of curiosity. 

"I don't," Psoglav replied. He then grinned and showed his razor sharp teeth to make a point. "But this time, I will make an exception."


William smirked as he took out the Relic of the Oathkeeper from his storage ring. A few moments later, he vanished without a trace.

Unlike the darkness in the real world, the Undying Lands were blessed with sunlight and clear skies. William stood in front of Avalon, as he took in the scenery of the ancient fortress. 

The last Bastion of Mankind.

The Fortress that withstood the Era of the Gods.

Avalon.

"You… finally… returned."

A hoarse voice said from within the depths of the Fortress. William's face remained calm as he listened to the voice, while watching giant gates of the fortress open wide.

"This time… you… will not be… able to leave. How dare you… steal the treasures… of Humanity?!"

The last words were said with such intensity that the Undying Lands trembled. Soon, the sky darkened as bone dragons, bone wyverns, and other flying beasts that had died thousands of years ago came to life.

Seated on their backs were flaming skeleton riders that looked down on William with the indifference of the undead.

Three Bone Dragons that were different from the others hovered above Avalon. Mounted on top of them were three High-Tiered Undead that William had seen for the first time.

Millions of undead swarmed out of the fortress. Skeleton Soldiers, Ghouls. Draugr, Revenants, Wraiths, Banshees, and other beings that William was now seeing for the first time. They came out like a tide and they were endless.

While this was happening, The System was giving William a series of notifications on the composition of the Undead Army. The Half-Elf thought that he was just seeing things when he saw that the number of the undead were over twenty million. 

But, that was not all. The undead horde parted and three Gigantic Beings stepped out from the gates of the fortress.

One was a Giant Skeleton, over twenty meters tall wearing a crown on its head. It was holding a shield and sword that seemed to be made from pure adamantium. 

The other, a Dark-Skinned Draugr holding a massive black sword. Its glowing blue eyes stared at William as if it couldn't wait to slice him in half.

Lastly, a being who seemed to be riding on an undead horse holding a bloody red spear in its hand. Among the Beasts in the undead horde, it was giving off the most powerful presence.

A presence that wouldn't lose to Drauum and King Minos.


The second strongest being inside the undying lands.

The Devil of the Sea.

Nuckelavee.




Chapter 497

William gazed at this overwhelming lineup that would make the hearts of anyone who saw it tremble where they stood.

The millions of Undead Monsters encircled the red-headed boy, giving him no place to run. The Dracolich knew that William had the ability to summon Beasts to fight by his side. In fact, it was even anticipating it.

It wanted to see the look on Wiliam's face when his precious companions became part of its undead army.

"What's... wrong? Aren't you… going to… call for help? Why don't you… summon… your… Beast… Army?"

The hoarse voice asked in a teasing manner. Above the fortress of Avalon, a hundred-meter tall spectre appeared in the sky. It gazed down on William with ridicule and contempt as he waited for the boy's answer to his question. 

"I didn't come here to fight, Malacai," William replied. 

"Hah… to think… there are still… those who remember… my name," Malacai said hoarsely. "However… knowing who I am… won't save you. You didn't… come here… to fight. You… came here… to die."

"No." William shook his head. "I came here to bargain."

"Hah?" 

"I came here to bargain."

Malacai stared down on the boy before uttering a long, and hoarse, laughter.

"Ha… ha… haha.. Ha… Bargain?" Malacai chuckled. "You… came here to… bargain? Haha… haha…"

The millions of undead joined their Lord in laughter. The clattering of bones resounded throughout the Undying Lands, and it was enough to make anyone who heard it run away in fear.

"Yes. I came here to bargain," William repeated. 

The giant spectre in the air continued to chuckle. Thousands of years had passed, and it had no opportunity to talk to anyone except the souls that had been trapped inside the Undying Lands. Hearing his visitor's request to bargain tickled its heart that had long stopped beating.

While the Dracolich was laughing, William appraised the monsters that seemed to be the generals of the Undead Army. He first looked at the three High-Tiered undead that were mounted on top of the Bone Dragons. 

< Primeval Bone Dragon >

-- Undead Dragon

-- Threat Level: SS

-- Millennial Undead (High)

-- Cannot be added to the Herd

< Diabolical Death Knight >

-- Undead Heroic Champion


-- Threat Level: SSR

-- Myriad Undead (High)

-- Cannot be added to the Herd

< Grim Nightmare Revenant >

-- Vengeful Revenger

-- Threat Level: SSR

-- Myriad Undead (High)

-- Cannot be added to the Herd

< Arcane Spectral Lich >

-- The First King of the Hellan Kingdom

-- Threat Level: SSR

-- Myriad Undead (High)

-- Cannot be added to the Herd

William's gaze stayed at the Arcane Spectral Lich for half a minute before shifting his attention to the three Goliaths that stood in front of the gate of Avalon, and appraised them.

< Monstrous Skeleton Sovereign >

-- Primordial Skeleton King

-- Threat Level: SSR

-- Myriad Undead (High)

-- Cannot be added to the Herd

< Giant Slaying Draugr >

-- Re-animated Warrior King

-- Threat Level SSR

-- Myriad Undead (High)


-- Cannot be added to the Herd

< Nuckelavee >

-- The Devil of the Sea

-- Vile Hybrid of Man and Beast

-- Threat Level: SSR+

-- Pseudo-Demigod

-- Cannot be added to the Herd

-- Of all the supernatural beings that once roamed the land, none was as feared as the being known as Nuckelavee.

-- This was a creature that was born part human, part beast, and a monster that was known to terrorize mankind. 

-- However, during the final war of the Gods, this creature of sheer Evil fought on the side of the Humans. Perhaps, that was due to the reason for its existence. If the other races succeeded in wiping out the very beings that it was born to slay then its existence would no longer serve its purpose. 

Thus, in that final battle, where Gods, and the different races, fought for supremacy, there was a lone demonic beast whose mere presence made all the races' skin crawl.

-- A being that even the Demigods feared.

William wasn't able to stop himself from sucking his breath after reading Nuckelavee's information. He didn't think that the Devil of the Sea had such a background. 

It was also at that moment when the spectre of the Dracolich stopped laughing. It then moved closer to the Half-Elf as its size shrunk to over three-meters tall. 

"You said… you came here… to bargain," Malacai said. "Give me… one good reason… why I shouldn't kill you… right here… right now…"

"Because killing me will not benefit you in any other way," William replied. "At most, you will just gain one handsome Undead-Half-Elf that will annoy you for eternity."

"Hoh… you only... spoke... half-truths."

"Because the truth is embarrassing."

The Dracolich stared long and hard at William. Being locked up for thousands of years, while waiting for the day the seal was undone was pure torture. Although it estimated that it would take no longer than three to four years before the seal disappeared completely, it still made the waiting unbearable. 

If the seal could be undone sooner then wouldn't that make its life easier? Unfortunately, it couldn't be done. Even if he forced William to break the seal, it would be impossible, for no mortal could break it.

Only a God could release it from its binding.

"You… came here… to bargain." Malacai took a step forward until its spectral face was mere inches away from William's face. "Bargain… what… exactly?"

"I came here to borrow your scepter for a day," William replied.


Malacai's expression froze before it raised its head and laughed once more.

"Borrow… my scepter?" Malacai asked. "You really… came here… to die… didn't you?"

William looked at the Dracolich with an unwavering gaze. Takam had said that there was a very small possibility that Malacai would agree to his request. If he failed to convince the Dracolich, he would immediately become part of its undead legion.

Of course, William didn't come to the Undying Lands to die. He had already prepared a Plan B that ensured his escape if the negotiations failed. 

He would then go back with King Minos to the Minotaur Sanctuary, and do guerilla warfare with the Elves, once his Heroic Avatar had reset its cooldown. 

"What do you want in return?" William asked. Right now, this was the only option he could think of to finish this war, once and for all.

The Dracolich extended its spectral hand and reached out to grab William's heart. The red-headed boy didn't resist, because his heart had been linked with the jewel embedded in his chest. Right now, that jewel had been hidden.

Even if the Dracolich were to crush his heart, he wouldn't die from it. William would use that brief moment of time when the Dracolich had relaxed its guard to escape.

The Spectral Hand firmly held William's heart, and it felt very cold and uncomfortable. Malacai's glowing eyes stared straight into the Half-Elf's own eyes and looked at their depths. 

Malacai wanted to see William's despair, fear, and helplessness.

Unfortunately, he didn't see any of them in William's eyes. Instead, what he saw was an unyielding determination that stared right back at him. 

"Do you know… what my scepter… can do?"

"Yes."

"Do you know… the price… for using it?"

"No."

Malacai released William's heart, and the Half-Elf sucked in a cold breath. Traces of the Spectre's touch lingered inside his body, and it sent shivers down his spine.

"My scepter… can only be used… by the dead," Malacai said. "If you want… to use it… you need to… die first."

"I don't intend to die. I have lovers waiting for me."

"Ha… ha… haha. Very… funny."

The Spectre raised its hand and a scepter made of bones appeared in front of it.

It was a meter long, made with dragon bones, that seemed to emit a faint bloody light. Malacai presented the scepter in front of William and sneered. It didn't lie when it said that only the dead could wield it.

Malacai's scepter would literally suck up the wielder's entire life force, forcibly changing their body into the undead. A mortal's body wouldn't be able to wield such power. Not even Malacai had escaped from its fate when it used the staff during the Era of the Gods. 

William looked at the scepter in front of him and back to the spectral Dracolich that was eyeing him with a devilish smile. 


"Only the dead… can use it…," Malacai said in a teasing tone. "Would you like… to try… dying once?"




Chapter 498

Est stood at the ramparts holding the two tokens that commanded the Super Soldiers and Ash Golems that Conner had left behind.

Although his decision to side with the Kraetor Empire at the last moment made The Alliance curse his name, Est had to admit that he was someone that could come and go as he pleased.

'At least he still had a bit of conscience,' Est thought as he looked at the hundreds of Super Soldiers, and Thousands of Ashe golems that were gathered near the main gate of the city. 

Their purpose was to engage the Elves once they got past through their defenses, and be used as cannon fodders as they escaped to the Second Level of the city.

What Est didn't know was that Conner did it this way, so that he wouldn't burn the bridge between Deus and Celine. Naturally, the Leader of Deus also didn't want to burn his bridges with William, just in case the latter miraculously managed to make a comeback against the Elves.

Est watched the Elven Army stir in the distance. It was only an hour until sunrise, and although the sun couldn't be seen due to the clouds that had blanketed the continent, it could still be felt by the Defenders, who were about to face a battle that they had no hope of winning.

Surrendering was an option, but Prince Alaric had been told of the torture that the survivors of the Zelan Dynasty had faced under the rule of the Elves. He would rather die than be shamed in front of his people.

King Minos and the Minotaur Race were fighting for the oaths that they had pledged long ago. They would only leave if William had left the battlefield. Although the Half-Elf wasn't with them right now, the King of the Minotaurs knew that the latter was fighting a battle of his own, and risking his life in the process.

This was why he stood proudly at the top of the city walls, and stared at the Elven Army that was slowly making their way towards the city. They were a race that was born to endure hardships.

A race that had stood with the God of Shepherds against all adversities when the world was still newly born and uncertainties plagued the land.

Wendy, Ashe, and Isaac stood beside Est as they looked at the enemies they would face. William had given them a promise that he would return. In order for that promise to come true, they must survive and live to see one more day.

Celine and Jekyll stood not far away. They were the oldest among the Defenders, if King Minos and the rest of the Minotaur Race were excluded. 

"I hate to say this, but I wish James was here." Jekyll chuckled. "If he was here, I'm sure that this war would be more interesting."

Celine smiled and nodded her head in agreement. If the old coot of Lont was here, the Elves might be running away for their lives right now. 


'Mistress, should I remove my limiter?' Oliver asked through telepathy. 'That way, I can at least block one of those Guardians for a period of time.'

'No,' Celine replied. 'We can always return to Lont if things turn out for the worst. I doubt the Elves would have the guts to annoy a Demigod.'

Celine didn't want Oliver to remove his limiter because that would make her loyal retainer shorten his lifespan. Oliver had accompanied her all the way from the Silvermoon Continent. 

She couldn't find it in herself to let the Parrot Monkey sacrifice himself when they could escape and hide under the protection of Vlad.

'Understood.' Oliver nodded his head. 

The Parrot Monkey glanced at the Elves with an indifferent gaze. The only Elves he cared about could be counted on one hand. He had no guilt in killing them as long as they dared to hurt the Mistress he served.

"It's almost time," King Minos said. "Everyone, brace yourselves!"

King Minos threw a crystal towards the sky where it exploded. It was one of the parting gifts that Conner had left them, aside from the tokens that controlled the Super Soldiers and Ash Golems. 

It was the crystal that contained a spell that restricted everyone from using flight, including any form of magic that allowed flight.

A powerful pressure descended on the battlefield as the spell activated. 

Conner, who was watching all of this from the Kraetor Empire's encampment, smiled. He didn't regret his decision because he was someone that valued his life more than others. 

Empress Sidonie had accepted his allegiance, which made Berthold resentful. However, Evexius supported her decision and was quite happy with having a capable subordinate serving under their Empress.

The Elves had come to know about Conner's desertion and it made them sneer internally. It was the sign that the Alliance had an internal feud among their members, which proved that they were fearful of their inevitable demise. 

Now that the troublesome man was gone, Elandorr felt more confident in dealing with the remnants of the Alliance.


Drauum appeared at the very front of the Elven Vanguard and summoned a giant boulder, which it held with both hands. Since their War Machines had been devoured by Jekyll, it decided to break the walls of the city itself.

It didn't want to get too close because it knew that King Minos wouldn't allow it to do as it pleased. Since that was the case, it would join the Elven Archmages in a magical bombardment until the walls of Gladiolus had turned to rubble.

"Break!" Drauum shouted as he hurled the giant boulder towards the city wall.

King Minos was about to make his move when he noticed a black mist head towards the giant boulder. 

The mist then turned into a black-robed man, who fearlessly extended a hand to grab hold of the giant boulder, which had been thrown by the Second Strongest Guardian of the Silvermoon Continent.

"He sure took his sweet time," Jekyll commented.

Celine nodded.

She recognized the man who was wearing the black robe. Many thought of him as James' shadow, but very few knew what he was really capable of.

He was also one of the very few individuals that weren't affected by the Continental Spell due to his special constitution. A man of few words, for he thought that his actions would speak louder.

The moment that blood-stained hand touched the boulder, that was a hundred times the man's size, it immediately disintegrated into dust.

Drauum watched the man as he landed on the ground without even making a sound. The Ancient Golem recognized who he was, for this was not the first time that it had met him.

"Ezio… I should have known that you were still alive," Drauum said.

The Guardians also looked at Ezio for they knew who the man was. Ezio had been there during the war against the Demons and helped the elves resist their invasion. He had been one of Maxwell's companions during that war many years ago.

Hundreds of steel threads extended from Ezio's body and collided with the spells that had been cast by the Archmages. Naturally, he couldn't possibly block all the spells of the Elves, so he focused on the High-Tiered ones, nullifying their effects.


"I hate Antimages," one of the Elven Archmages gritted their teeth in frustration.

"Don't worry, he can't possibly block all of our attacks," another Archmage commented from the side. "Let him do as he pleases, he is only delaying the inevitable."

Just like the Archmage had said, the walls of the city were slowly breaking due to the extreme bombardment that the Elves had initiated. Hundreds of Thousands of spells that acted as catapults battered the city walls like hail.

Suddenly, giant fireballs fell towards the Elven Formation, but were blocked by the Guardians standing by their side.

"These are…" Ezkalor frowned.

"That Damned Toatie!" Eneru growled. "He is using our War Machines against us!"

"Fire!" Jekyll ordered and the Freedom Fighters fired another volley of fireballs that were meant to destroy city walls towards the Elven Army.

Jekyll had devoured the War Machines, but he didn't destroy them. He just stored them in a separate dimension inside his stomach, and was planning to use them against the Elves to give them a taste of their own medicine.

Dozens of fireballs the size of two or three carriages rained down on the Elven Army. Although the Guardians blocked all of them, they found it an annoyance. 

The Alliance had no archmages among their ranks, so the War Machines served as their main source of offense. 

The City of Gladiolus also had Magic Cannons that could be used as defensive weapons. However, Prince Ernest was currently in a coma and unable to activate them at the moment. This forced the Defenders to use whatever means that they had at their disposal, but it had borne no fruit so far.

The Spells descended unimpeded.

With each strike, parts of the walls collapsed. 

Est's and everyone's faces became grim because they knew that it was only a matter of time before the walls gave in completely. When that moment came, they would have no choice but to abandon their posts, and ambush the invaders inside the City that had once been lively, before the Continental Spell hit.





Chapter 499

Finally, after half an hour of bombardment, Ezkalor, Eneru, Nalzrig, and Zyphon joined the fray and cast High-Level spells that made things difficult for Ezio. 

They could have swarmed in using their overwhelming numbers to overpower the defenders, but after the Kraetor Empire's interference, the High-Level officers of the Elven Army decided that they should conserve their manpower just in case the Young Empress changed her mind and attacked them from behind. 

Soon, one of Drauum's Giant Boulders landed squarely against one end of the City Walls, destroying it completely. The Elves didn't rush in immediately, but continued their bombardment. King Minos was greatly disappointed by the Elves' cautiousness because it prevented him and the Minotaurs from fighting them in close combat.

He thought that the Elves would swarm the destroyed wall and use it as an entrance, but they seemed to really want to create as many gaps in their defenses as possible, which made the King of Minotaurs helpless.

"Hah, what a bunch of cheapshots," the teenager with light-blue hair commented as he crossed his arms over his chest. 

"Winning without losing a single soldier is also a strategy," Nero stated. "However, although it looks so one-sided right now, the Elves are also exhausting a lot of magic power to continue this bombardment. Even their Guardians are aiding them in this war. 

"You can even say that the Defenders have made them realize that they were not an easy bone to chew. I guess this could be counted as a victory for the Defenders, albeit a useless victory."

The teenage boy still wasn't convinced and voiced his opinion. "Isn't this what they call bullying?"

The purple-haired lady by his side chuckled. "It is the advantage of the strong. Even the Kraetor Empire would be bullied if it was weak. Why wouldn't you use superior power to suppress a weaker opponent? That will just be wasting your advantage."

Empress Sidonie had a calm expression on her face as she listened to the Protector's argument from the side. She planned to make her move at the last minute and be a heroine in William's eyes.

This way, not only will the boy feel indebted to her, the Hellan Kingdom would also owe her a favor. A simple strategy to profit in a war that she could easily end with a few words from her luscious lips.


Seeing that many portions of the wall had been laid to waste, Elandorr finally gave an order to advance.

A powerful roar came from the Wolf Riders as they stormed towards the gaps in the walls to enter the city. 

Drauum, Eneru, Ezkalor, Nalzrig, and Zyphon had taken humanoid forms and advanced as well. The moment they entered the city, they immediately heard intense fighting between the two sides.

The Super Soldiers and Ash Golems rampaged and fought the invaders head-on. The Minotaurs were also at the midst of the battle, and their weapons were all stained with Elven blood.

Drauum smashed a super soldier's body and turned it into meat paste when it blocked its way. It had only traveled halfway into the city when a fist appeared out of nowhere and sent him flying towards the city gates. 

King Minos materialized out of thin air and glared at the Ancient Golem. 

"Let's finish what we started yesterday," King Minos declared. "Of course, if you are scared, feel free to run away."

Drauum stood up from the rubble and sneered at the King of the Minotaurs. "I'm not afraid of livestock."

"Good." King Minos summoned a golden plated War Axe that was inscribed with magical runes. "Breaking you will not be fun otherwise."

The two powerhouses charged at each other and collided in one powerful clash. King Minos fought Drauum in the middle of the City in order to involve the invaders in the destruction that they were causing.

Because of this, the Elves were forced to steer clear and make detours off to the sides to prevent themselves from getting caught in the crossfire. 


Past the Center of the City was where the other members of the Minotaur Race were hiding to ambush the Elves. Est and the others were with them, as well as the remnants of the Freedom Fighters.

The moment the Elves got past King Minos' slaughter zone, they immediately stepped into action and fought in close combat.

Thor, Ragnar, and Dia transformed into their Centennial Forms. Wendy, Ashe, and Est mounted them and fought bravely, alongside their allies.

Empress Sidonie, who was watching the battle inside the city using a crystal ball, gazed at Wendy who she had recognized as William's lover. However, she frowned when she saw the beautiful girl with light-blue hair that was seated on top of a three-headed Beast. 

She didn't recognize who she was, but she had a feeling that she had met her before. Also, her womanly instincts were telling her that the girl and William may have a close relationship.

< Another rival has appeared? >

Morgana chuckled inside Empress Sidonie's mindscape. She eyed Ashe with genuine interest and wondered if William had already made her his woman.

< Well, you should add her to the list of people that you will save. Maybe Darling will become so indebted to us that he would give me-- I mean, give us his babies. >

'I'm still more beautiful than her,' Empress Sidonie stated with confidence. 

< Of course you are. We are the most beautiful girls under the heavens. It doesn't matter if there are a few more love rivals along the way. In the end, the one who Darling will love the most will be us. >

Empress Sidonie nodded her head. 'How about that handsome boy riding on that golden winged serpent? If I'm not mistaken, he is also Sir William's best friend.'


< Right. We should add him to the list as well. The more the merrier. >

The Young Empress and her devilish Big Sister didn't care if Wendy and the others were hurt during the battle. The only thing she cared about was that they stayed alive. As long as they still had a breath of life in their bodies, she would be able to save them.

Saving a person that was about to die was vastly different from saving someone that was not in danger. The more dangerous the situation, the higher the rewards that could be redeemed would be. 

< Still, just where is Darling? Did he really go away just like Conner mentioned when he jumped to our side? >

'I'm sure that he will appear sooner or later,' Empress Sidonie replied. 'He would not leave his lovers alone to fend for themselves. He is not that kind of person.'

< True. >

Empress Sidonie and Morgana had an unwavering faith that William wouldn't leave his loved ones behind. Although both girls didn't want to consider the possibility of William escaping all alone by himself, they didn't dismiss it completely.

Both of them vowed that if the man they loved were truly that kind of person they would do everything in their power to capture him at all cost. Then, they would torture him and cut his limbs off one by one.

A man who could toss away the people who truly loved him was scum. Empress Sidonie and Morgana despised these kinds of people.

A man like that didn't deserve their love.

A man like that didn't deserve to be loved.





Chapter 500

A house shattered as Thor crashed down on it. Wendy, who was riding on its back, got thrown off and fell down a few meters away from the gravely injured beast, unconscious.

Blood spilled at the side of her lips, and injuries riddled her body.

Thor forced himself to stand up, and walked shakily towards her. He then used his body to shield her from the spells that were flying in every direction, not caring if they hit friend or foe. 

The only thing that was on his mind was to protect Wendy, for he knew that William would be sad if she lost her life in this battle.

Ashe was the first to fall after she had shielded Est from the attack of Drakon Nalzrig. The King of Serpents had zeroed in on her after Dia appeared on the battlefield. 

The Mermaid had unleashed her full powers, but against the might of a Myriad Beast at its peak, she was like a puppy challenging a full grown tiger to a biting contest.

Icarus and Daedalus came to Est's rescue and pushed the Winged Serpent back from its one-sided bullying. Although neither of them were Myriad Beasts at the moment, their ranks were half a step away from it.

Eneru had once again fought against Jekyll, while Ezkalor and Zyphon watched from the side. The two Guardians felt distaste at the current state of things and refused to participate in the fight. 

They were Myriad Beasts, so no one could order them to do anything. Besides, Zyphon didn't want to antagonize William because both of them had a unique relationship, due to him being the disciple of the God who ruled over them.

Ezkalor had never wanted to participate in the war in the first place, so he was fine with watching from the side. He only joined last time due to William's threat. Now that the Half-Elf couldn't be seen anywhere, the Ancient Dragon simply spectated and watched as blood flowed freely like a river.

The Protectors of the Kraetor Army were no longer at their encampment. Empress Sidonie had sent them to the city to look after the people that were important to William. All of them had been tasked to protect Wendy, Est, and the girl with light-blue hair.

The purple-haired woman was assigned to Wendy.

Nero was the one that looked after Est. 

And the teenage boy with light-blue hair was assigned to Ashe.

Empress Sidonie only told them to interfere if their wards were about to die. Until then, they could just observe the battle and see how it ended.

Among the three, only Est remained. 

Dia flapped her wings and summoned powerful wind blades that cut through the bodies of the Elves that tried to target Est, who was riding on her back.

Celine and Oliver, reaped lives like cutting grasses, but they stayed near Est's vicinity so they could come to his aid if ever someone decided to attack him.

Right now, the handsome boy was the only one that was commanding the Defenders in the siege that was happening all over the city.


"Stay out of my way, Bastards!" Nalzrig shouted as he transformed into his true form. Icarus and Daedalus had managed to push him back for a quarter of an hour in his humanoid form. Although the King of Serpents didn't want to admit it, he couldn't overpower the two unless he took on his true form.

A ten-meter long White-Winged-Serpent roared in fury as he lashed his tail towards the two Champions of the Minotaur Race. 

Icarus and Daedalus deftly evaded this attack and even managed to do a counter attack that pushed the Winged Serpent back a few hundred meters in the air. 

Although they still hadn't reached the rank of Myriad Beasts, Icarus and Daedalus were equipped with Mythical Ranked Equipment that allowed them to fight those that were a realm above their ranks. 

Feeling humiliated by his failure to get the upper hand, Drakon Nalzrig finally decided to get serious. He soared towards the sky where he opened its mouth in preparation for a Dragon Breath Attack.

However, before he could even unleash his attack, King Minos managed to throw Drauum in his direction. The Ancient Golem collided with the Winged Serpent's head, cancelling its attack.

Nero laughed when he saw the disgruntled look on Nalzrig's face, and Drauum's irritation as the Ancient Golem landed on the ground. 

Clearly, he was enjoying the hardships that the two Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent were experiencing.

'I finally caught you!'

Alessio silently declared as he cast a fireball in Est's direction. Due to the chaos that was happening in the surroundings, he managed to sneak right next to Dia, using a special invisible spell, and unleashed a Fireball at Est's blindspot.

The fireball exploded and almost dismounted Est from Dia's back. Due to the bond that Dia had shared with him, Est managed to acquire the skill Union of Man and Beast. This allowed him to stay mounted on Dia's back even with the fireball's explosion.

If Est hadn't been wearing any special kind of armor that resisted magical attacks, he might have become a charred corpse by now. However, William didn't skimp on their protection and forged light-weight mithril armor that resisted both physical and magical attacks.

Caught in the unexpected attack, Dia angrily turned around and fired a Dragon Breath in Alessio's direction. However, the Leader of Deus in the Silvermoon Continent dodged to the side as he activated his invisible spell.

Dia screeched angrily as she flew high in the air to prevent Alessio from taking her by surprise again. 

"Don't worry, I'm fine," Est said through gritted teeth as a burning sensation spread across his back. Although his armor had mitigated the damage, it still left him with serious injuries. 

He hastily drank the Elixir in his possession, and the pain on his back immediately disappeared. However, at the same time, Nalzrig successfully broke through Icarus' and Daedalus' defense, and charged towards Dia, whom he had labeled as a traitor to the Winged-Serpent's Race.

Dia tried to outfly Nalzrig, but it was to no avail. In the end, the older Winged Serpent lashed out its tail and sent Dia crashing near the Royal Palace of the Hellan Academy. 

Est was almost crushed by Dia's body, if not for the fact that the Golden-Winged Serpent managed to flip her body to the side at the last minute. 

"It's over," Drauum declared. "Surrender, and I will spare your life, livestock."


King Minos glanced at his people and the Humans that were still fighting with everything they've got. All of them were riddled with injuries, but the fire in their eyes still burned with determination. Seeing that they would fight till they breathed their last, the King of Minotaurs once again faced the Ancient Golem and gave a powerful war cry.

Surrender was not an option. They would fight to the death, down to the last man!

Inside the Palace…

William walked slowly and used the wall to support his body. He could hear the sounds of battle ringing just beyond the empty hallways of the palace, and it urged him to increase his pace.

However, instead of going to the battlefield, he was headed to a place that had been abandoned by everyone.

When he arrived at his destination, he was surprised to see a single person standing there. A person that he had seen countless times, and yet, he still couldn't remember her name.

"Welcome back, Sir William," Ariadne greeted as she walked towards him.

William took in a deep breath before replying to the young lady that had kept him company back at the Sanctuary of the Minotaurs.

"Stop," William said. "Don't come near me. It isn't safe."

His legs were already shaking, and was on the verge of bending over. However, he firmly held the wall to give him support because there was still something that he needed to do.

"I know that it isn't safe," Ariadne replied. "That is why I am here."

She then walked towards William and held him in a firm embrace.

"It is fine, Sir William," Ariadne said as she gently pulled the back of his head towards her. "Give me the honor of being your first. Use me, to win this war."

Ariadne pressed William's head over her chest as she whispered words of encouragement in his ears.

"It's fine, Sir William," Ariadne whispered. "I am here because I need to be here. Please, end this war. End the suffering of our people."

William's breath grew ragged and his heart started to beat wildly inside his chest. It was not the young lady's softness, her fragrance, her words, or the warmth of her body that caused this reaction to William.

It was the powerful, and rich blood that flowed in her veins.

William opened his mouth as his fangs extended. He had been fighting the extreme bloodthirst ever since he returned from the Undying Lands. His thoughts had started to grow hazy, and yet, he was still aware of the situation.

Right at the moment when he was about to draw blood from Ariadne's body, William paused. Although the young lady whom he couldn't remember had given her permission, he still needed to ask.


This was his way of confirming that he was still in control of his thoughts and emotions. 

"Are you sure?" William asked in a ragged voice.

Instead of answering, Ariadne used both of her hands to pull William's head in.

Just like a parched man being offered a glass of water, William finally accepted the gift that was being presented to him.

Blood spilled, and the young lady shuddered due to the pain that briefly made her draw a sharp breath. Even so, she didn't move nor push William away.

William's fangs had penetrated deep into her neck and drew blood. He drank the sweet nectar, and felt himself come alive again. 

He didn't dare waste a single drop, as he forcefully controlled his urges. William could feel Ariadne's life force flowing inside his body, and with it, came a surge of power that he had never felt before.

Ariadne sighed as William pulled back. 

Her sigh was full of relief, with a tinge of regret. It was as if she had wanted William to drink more of her blood, but was also afraid that he would drink to the point where her life would wither away, like a flower that had grown past its prime.

"Thank you, Ariadne," William said softly as he gently laid the young lady on the floor because she had lost the strength to stand. "Sleep. When you wake up, I promise that this war will have already ended."

Ariadne glanced at William's handsome face that was now brimming with life. It was vastly different from the paled-face Half-Elf, who had struggled to reach the Altar that the organization had built.

"I believe you, Sir William."

"Thank you."

Ariadne reached out to touch William's face one last time before she closed her eyes to rest. William sent her inside the Villa of his Thousand Beast Domain.

That was the safest place right now, and William didn't have to worry about her safety if she was there.

The Half-Elf then walked towards the Altar that was currently absorbing the souls of those that had died on the battlefield. 

William summoned Malacai's Scepter and gripped it firmly using his left hand. If one were to look closely, the skin tone of this hand, up to the arm, was different compared to the rest of his body.

His right hand pressed over the surface of the Altar as he searched for the souls that he was looking for.

"Finally, I found you guys," William said with relief as he exerted his power on the altar, drawing out the souls that he had searched for.


"System, it's time to play some music."

< Understood. >

< Now playing the background music of the Final Boss. >



