
Chapter 551

"You must be William, our Oracle has been waiting for you." One of the gatekeepers guarding Aamon's temple bowed her head in greeting.

William nodded his head. "I came to have an audience with his Excellency, Aamon."

"We have already been notified. Please, follow us, Sir William."

"Thank you."

The gatekeeper led William to one of the rooms where he must cleanse his body in preparation for his meeting with the God. 

He had already experienced this before in the Temple of Courage, so he obediently followed the etiquette that was needed to gain the Oracle's approval to enter the Inner Temple, where Aamon would communicate with his followers.

Half an hour later, William stood in front of Aamon's Statue and closed his eyes. Slowly, but surely, he felt himself getting drowsy. He didn't resist it, and allowed himself to go to that place.

The Boundary of Heaven and Earth.

"So, you've come," a voice tinged with amusement said.

William opened his eyes and came face to face with a silver-haired man sitting on a throne. The man's blue eyes looked amused, and his lips were curled up in a charming smile that would make any young lady blush in infatuation.

'I'm still more good looking than him,' William thought as he eyed the God in front of him.

The smile on Aamon's lips twitched because he was able to read William's thoughts. At first he was planning to give the Half-Elf an easy task due to his friendship with the Loli Goddess, Lily. However, William's inner comment made him change his mind.


"Allow me to formally introduce myself, I am Aamon," Aamon said. "A Grand Marquiess of Hell, and one of the members of Ars Goetia. You don't need to introduce yourself, because I don't care about puny mortals who are not as handsome as me. Now, let's get down to the business at hand."

Aamon rested his chin on the back of his left hand as he eyed William from head to foot.

"I am going to give you three quests…" Aamon wasn't able to finish his words because William's thoughts flashed across his mind.

'This God must be delusional thinking that he's more good looking than me, William thought. 'Well, I better not say anything. I don't want to hurt the feelings of others.'

"I've changed my mind. You need to finish seven quests," Aamon stated in an icy voice. "I will lift the curse once you've completed them all."

William nodded his head in agreement. He had already anticipated that the God would make things difficult for him, so he wasn't surprised about the number of quests that Aamon had given him.

"This is your First Quest." Aamon raised his hand and a scroll appeared on William. "Return to me once it's done. I have other things to do. Goodbye."

Aamon didn't even wait for William to ask him any questions before sending him back to the Temple. Clearly, he didn't have any good impression of the Half-Elf that criticized his good looks.

William opened his eyes and looked at the scroll in his hand. He was very displeased at how Aamon treated him. If there was a place where he could file a complaint, he would definitely give Astrid's Twin Brother a one-star review.

The Half-Elf opened the scroll and read its contents. 

Ammon's First Quest

Conquer the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon.


-- The 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon currently had no owners. Your Mission is to gain complete control of this floor, and solve the mystery as to why it had remained unconquered for over a thousand years.

P.S

If you like to know more details about the Tower of Babylon, feel free to ask the Headmaster of Silverwind Academy. 

"... I knew it," William muttered. "Looks like Aamon intended to make my life difficult from the get go."

William had no idea where the Tower of Babylon was. However, one thing was clear. No one had been able to conquer its 51st Floor for thousands of years, which meant that its difficulty rating was very high.

'I need to return to the Academy and have a talk with the Headmaster,' William thought. 'Fortunately, Aamon was a bit considerate and gave me a hint as to who to ask for information.'

After giving an appropriate donation to Aamon's Temple, the Half-Elf hastily returned to Silverwind Academy, to find the answers to his questions.

Meanwhile at the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods…

"That brat is quite annoying!" Aamon complained to his twin sister, Astrid, who was currently sipping a cup of tea in her garden. "I was planning to make things easy for him, but he got on my nerves. Hmp! Let's see if he can clear the near-impossible quest that I gave him!"

Astrid sighed as she placed the tea cup back on the table. "Near-impossible? Just what kind of quest did you give the boy?"

The Goddess of Female Knights had taken a hands-off policy when it came to the quests that Aamon would give to William. Est, Ian, and Isaac, were her devout followers. Naturally, she only wanted the best for them.

She was willing to give William her blessings to become their lovers, but that would only happen once he had completed her twin brother's quests.


Aamon chuckled as he gave his sister a devilish smile, "The mission I gave him was to clear the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon. Haha! Don't worry, I will show mercy on him once he returns to the temple and begs me to change the First Quest that I gave him."

Astrid frowned. She was aware of the reason why no one had conquered the 51st Floor of the Tower. 

Long ago, when the world was still young, the Gods decided to create a tower for their entertainment. 

Similar to a dungeon, each floor of the dungeon was a stage that needed to be cleared in order to advance to the next floor.

The one who was able to clear any of its floors would become the Owner of the floor. There were even some powerful families in the Central Continent that had migrated their entire clans on the floors that they had claimed as their own.

This Tower was located at the very center of the Central Continent, and was considered to be the greatest challenge for humanity. 

Similar to the Atlantis Dungeon, the Tower of Babel had a hundred floors. However, for over a thousand years, the exploration had stopped at the 51st Floor. Anyone who dared to challenge it had never been seen again. 

After losing so many prodigies, and talented individuals in the 51st Floor, the Empires, Kingdoms, and Sects prohibited their people from challenging it again. Of course, there were still people who wanted to make their names known to the world, but after entering the mysterious floor, they were never heard from again.

"You're so petty, Aamon," Astrid said as she eyed her brother. "What would you do if the boy died on that floor?"

Aamon shrugged, "If he dies then he dies. Don't worry. If that happens, I will lift the curse on your devout followers. I'm sure that they will forget about him in time and fall in love with someone else."

Lady Astrid smirked before emptying her cup of tea. 

Her brother was right. Although her followers would be hurt after William died, they will get over it in time. The Goddess didn't believe that the Half-Elf would be able to complete the quest that her brother had given William. 


Seated on a throne made from Black Obsidian, a Primordial Goddess observed Astrid from afar. She had overheard Astrid's discussion with Aamon and simply giggled at their foolishness.

'Near-impossible doesn't mean impossible,' the Primordial Goddess mused as she looked at the projection of the red-headed teenager in front of her. 'Show me, young Pendragon. Are you really the Master of your Fate? Are you really the Captain of your Soul?'

The Primordial Goddess smiled as she petted the head of the Black Phoenix that was resting beside her throne. She was looking forward to seeing William's growth, and the day when they would meet at the crossroads of Fate.


Chapter 552

Chiffon hugged the gauntlets that William had given her while she slept. 

The little girl really liked her new gauntlets, and was even touched when she learned that the one that forged them was her Big Brother. 

If not for the fact that the Academy had forbidden its students from carrying their weapons on their bodies, Chiffon would have worn her gauntlets during class as well.

Ian and Princess Sidonie exchanged a glance as they looked at the pink-haired girl that was sleeping on William's bed. 

"Ever since William left, she stopped going to class and spent her free time sleeping on his bed." Ian sighed. "She's like a little puppy that is waiting for her Master's return."

Princess Sidonie pressed her palm on her forehead as she looked at the little girl who had been entrusted to her by William. 

"Aamon's Temple is located at the North of the Empire," Princess Sidonie said. "The Temple itself is located in a valley that had been closed off from the public. According to my estimate, it will take two days to get there even if he used teleportation gates." 

"Then, he should have arrived there at this time."

"Yes. We will probably see him after two days."

Ian shook her head as she looked at the corner of the room, where a spear was leaning on the wall.

"No. he will be arriving shortly," Ian said with confidence.

Princess Sidonie was about to ask what Ian meant when suddenly, a brief flash of light illuminated the room.

"I'm back, did the two of you miss me?" William asked as he pulled Princess Sidonie into his embrace and gave her a kiss on the cheek.


Ian transformed into her true form, and allowed William to give her a kiss as well. After kissing his two lovers, William noticed the pink-haired girl who was sleeping on his bed and smiled. 

"It seems that she really liked the weapon I made for her," William commented. "She's even using it as a hug pillow."

William was about to poke the little girl's cheeks when Princess Sidonie grabbed hold of his hand and pulled him away.

"How were you able to return that fast from the Temple?" Princess Sidonie asked. "Also, what did his Excellency, Aamon say?"

William grinned and told Princess Sidonie the trick on how he could travel from one point to the other instantly. The beautiful girl listened attentively to William's explanation. She then realized that it was the same trick that her lover used, to escape from Eneru and the Elves, when he escaped from the Capital City of the Anaesha Dynasty.

"That's amazing," Princess Sidonie commented after William finished his explanation. 

Ashe, who was listening from the side, held William's hand and asked the question that had been on her mind ever since the Half-Elf returned.

"Did you manage to talk with his Excellency, Aamon?" Ashe inquired.

William nodded as he summoned the scroll that the God had given him.

Ashe and Princess Sidonie (Morgana) looked at the scroll and read its contents.

"Conquer the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon?" Princess Sidonie frowned. She was not a native of the Central Continent and was not aware of its landmarks.

Ashe was on the same boat, and the two looked at William for answers.

"Sorry, I also don't know." William shrugged. "I returned as soon as I could, so I could talk to the Headmaster about it. Look after Chiffon for me. I'll be right back."


William bid his goodbye to his two lovers before leaving his room in haste. Although it didn't show on his face, William was actually quite anxious about the mission that had been assigned to him.

Gilbert sighed for the umpteenth time as he read the Ancient Scroll in his hands. 

"Vault Of The Vanished Warlord," Gilbert muttered. "Why must you be there of all places?"

The Headmaster of the Academy was not afraid to go to dangerous places in order to search for the thing that he was looking for. However, the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon was an exception.

The most powerful families in the continent had formed joint exploration groups in order to conquer the mysterious floor of the Tower. However, all of them had failed. 

For as long as he could remember, no one had been able to bring back any news of what kind of secrets the 51st Floor held. There had been rumors flying around, but none of them were credible. 

While Gilbert was feeling depressed, he heard a knock on the door of his office. 

"Who is it?" Gilbert asked.

"Headmaster, it is me, Dio-- I mean, William," William replied through the door. "There is something important that I need to discuss with the Headmaster. Can I come in?"

Gilbert rubbed his forehead because a troublesome character had come. He was still dealing with the aftermath of William's confrontation with the mercenary group from the Demon Continent and it was giving him a headache.

"Come in," Gilbert said as he fixed his posture. He was still the Headmaster of Silverwind Academy and he needed to look presentable in front of his students.

William walked in the door and sat after the Headmaster had given him permission to do so.

"I thought you were supposed to go to Aamon's Temple?" Gilbert asked. "Didn't his Majesty give you permission to go?"


William nodded. "I just returned from the temple because there is something important that I need to discuss with the Headmaster."

"Something important?" Gilbert eyed the red-headed teenager with a curious gaze. "Go on. What is it that you want to ask me?"

William then narrated a made-up story about receiving a vision in Aamon's Temple about going to the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babel. 

Gilbert, who had just drank a mouthful of tea, spat it on William's face after hearing his story.

"Y-You can't be serious!" Gilbert pointed at the Half-Elf that had been drenched by his tea. "Are you planning to commit suicide? Boy, if this is a joke, it is not a funny one."

William wiped his face with a handkerchief as he looked at the stuttering Headmaster that seemed to have lost his composure. He was very tempted to get back at the old man, but since he needed some information, he decided to just pay him back another day!

"Headmaster, like I said, it is the vision that I saw on Aamon's Temple," William explained after cleaning, and drying himself with magic. "The Headmaster is the most knowledgeable person that I know of in the Academy. This is why I came to you for answers."

Gilbert organized his thoughts as he looked at William with a serious expression.

"Are you planning to go there?" Gilbert asked. "What did the vision tell you?"

William had already anticipated that the Headmaster would ask him these kinds of questions, so he had prepared a backstory beforehand.

"The vision told me that I needed to go there," William replied. "I don't know what I will find on the 51st floor, but it is important that I go there. It is a revelation given to me by his Excellency, Aamon."

William thought that if he just used Aamon's name, everything would become more believable. Although Gilbert still had his doubts, he told the red-headed teenager everything he knew about the temple.

The Headmaster of the Academy even gave William the translated scroll of the Vault Of The Vanished Warlord, which was said to be hidden somewhere on the 51st floor. 


After hearing Gilbert's explanation, the Half-Elf's anxiousness eased up a bit. Instead of feeling afraid, the Half-Elf became very curious about what was hidden on the mysterious floor of the Tower. 

When the Headmaster mentioned about the Vault of the Vanished Warlord, William's hand became very itchy. He was already looking forward to the treasures that he would soon loot from the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon.


Chapter 553

On the same day that he had returned to the Academy, William had dinner with Ian, Princess Sidonie and Chiffon. When the little girl found out that her Big Brother had come back, her liveliness and appetite returned in full.

After dinner, William finally told them about his upcoming travel towards the center of the Central Continent, where the Tower of Babylon was located. 

William didn't lie to them and told them the difficulty of the quest that was given to him by Aamon. He even added all the information that the Headmaster of Silverwind Academy had told him.

After hearing everything he had to say, the three girl's expressions became pale. Fortunately, they already finished eating dinner. If not, the three girls would have certainly lost their appetite after hearing William's explanation.

"... You have to make it back no matter what," Morgana said after hijacking Princess Sidonie's body. "Darling, you still haven't given me your babies. You can't die on me. I'm too young to become a widow."

The usually naughty girl looked at William with a pleading gaze. Morgana held William's hand with both of her hands, as if she didn't want him to leave her. 

The Half-Elf felt touched because it was very rare for Morgana to show this expression to him, whenever they were together. This just proved how worried she was about his upcoming departure. 

"I promise, I will return to you safely," WIlliam replied as he gently squeezed her hand. "You're right. I still haven't given you my babies. There is no way I can allow that to happen. Wouldn't it be my loss if you get married to someone else?

"That's right! If you don't want me to cheat on you, make sure you return as fast as possible."

"Okay. I will return as soon as I can. I promise."

Ian looked at William with a determined gaze. Since he was already going to a dangerous place, she decided to follow him.


"I'm going with you," Ian said. "I can't let you go alone."

William firmly shook his head. "No. You can't come with me."

"Why? Are you afraid that I will hold you back?"

"That's not it. I need you to stay with Sidonie. Without me around, only you will be able to help her when her divinity runs amok."

"B-But."

William reached out to hold Ian's hand and squeezed it softly. "Don't worry. I will make it possible for you to enter the Thousand Beast Domain even when I'm away."

"Is that even possible?" Ian inquired. If it was really possible then she could meet with William anytime.

"Of course, it's possible," William replied. "Sidonie can already do it by using the Collar of Wisteria."

Ian looked at the beautiful Princess, and the latter nodded her head in acknowledgement. Because of the many things that happened, William had forgotten to tell Ian about the additional function that he had added in the Collar of Wisteria.

William knew that Ian would definitely insist on coming with him to the Tower because of how dangerous it was. If possible, he didn't want to bring her with him. This was why he decided to ask the System for help, and allow Ian to visit the Thousand Beast Domain, whenever she missed him.

Chiffon, who had no idea what they were talking about, simply listened to their conversation. The days where William was away were the most depressing days she experienced in her life.


When she no longer had to worry about how to keep the overwhelming hunger at bay, the little girl had more free time to live as a normal girl. To be honest, it was very rare for Chiffon to find happiness in life.

This was why she was unable to smile. 

Her default expression was always a frown, due to her constant worry about what she was going to eat next. Now that she had met William, Ian, and Princess Sidonie, her life became more colorful.

Sometimes, Chiffon wondered if she was living inside a dream.

'If this is a dream, I don't ever want to wake up again,' Chiffon thought as she looked at William who was busy coaxing Ian and Princess Sidonie. Feeling left out, the little girl decided to catch William's attention by asking him a question.

"Big Brother, when are we going to leave?" Chiffon inquired. "I don't have much luggage with me, so we can leave anytime."

William, Ian, and Princess Sidonie all looked at the pink-haired girl at the same time.

"We?" William looked at Chiffon with a dumbfounded expression. "Sorry, Chiffon. I will not be taking you with me either."

Chiffon tilted her head in confusion. "You're not taking me?"

"No," William answered. "Stay here in the academy with Ian and Sidonie. They will look after you while I'm away."

Chiffon's eyes clouded over when she realized that William didn't intend to bring her along with him. According to her Big Brother, it would take a month to reach the Tower of Babylon from the Kraetor Empire. 


But that was only the duration of the travel. William didn't know how long he would be staying inside the tower, and this was also Ian's and Princess Sidonie's concern.

The Half-Elf had only been away for two days, and yet, Chiffon felt that there was a gaping hole in her heart. She felt so empty inside while William was away to visit Aamon's Temple.

If William were to be away for more than a month, Chiffon had no idea what was going to happen to her.

A tear fell, followed by another.

The pink-haired girl looked at her Big Brother with blurry eyes as the pain inside her chest intensified. 

"Big Brother, you're going to leave me?" Chiffon asked. "You're going to leave me alone?"

William hurriedly stood up from his seat and went beside the little girl to wipe her tears away. For some reason, William was very weak to little children. Although Chiffon was older than him, her current appearance was similar to Brianna, whom William had treated as his own little sister, back in the Southern Continent.

"You will not be alone," William replied. "You will be with Ian and Sidonie. They will look after you."

Chiffon covered her face with her hands as she sobbed uncontrollably. No matter what William said, no matter what he promised, her tears didn't stop falling. What was worse was that the moment she started crying, her stomach also started grumbling.

Although she had just eaten dinner, Chiffon's hunger came back, and it came back with a vengeance.

The little girl had lost control of her emotions, and her powers. 



< Host! Get away from Chiffon. Her Divinity is going to activate! No! Scratch that! Bring her to the Dungeon of Atlantis instead. Hurry! If you are a second late, this whole Academy, along with all its students will be devoured! >


Chapter 554

William teleported inside the 10th Floor of Atlantis and brought Chiffon in his Sea-Side Villa. A few seconds later, the little girl's Divinity went berserk. 

Before her reasoning had been taken over completely, Chiffon punched William's stomach with all her might, sending the Half-Elf flying hundred of meters away from her location.

"Big Brother, I'm sorry," Chiffon muttered before she lost consciousness. "Please. Run away."

That was when William saw first hand what the power of the Seven Deadly Sins could do, once they lost control.

Chiffon opened her mouth wide, and a crackling sound was heard. It was as if space itself was being distorted and the air around her trembled. 

A series of notifications sounded inside William's status page warning him of the danger that was about to come.

< Host! Please hurry! Leave this place! Everything on this floor will be devoured by Chiffon! >

William gritted his teeth as he looked at the unconscious girl, whose tears were still streaming down the side of her face. Suddenly, the ground rose from under her feet and flew towards her mouth, to be eaten.

The sea churned and charged towards the shore as if they were being compelled by some unknown law that they couldn't fight against. Everything within a thousand meters of Chiffon was being devoured, and that range was slowly increasing by the second. 

William kept backing away, but the power of Gluttony that was akin to a blackhole had instantaneously increased its might. The Half-Elf suddenly found himself within the range of Chiffon's devouring ability, and was helplessly pulled in her direction. 

"Quickshot War Art, Fusion Form!" William roared as he summoned his wooden staff and pointed it at Chiffon's opposite direction. "Blitzer Railgun!"

William merged with his staff and flew away. At least, that was what was supposed to happen, but reality was different. The wooden staff only managed to travel for five meters, before it stalled and stayed in place.


Slowly, but surely, it was being pulled towards Chiffon's small mouth that was capable of devouring entire cities in the Central Continent. 

It broke William's heart to see Chiffon in such a condition, but there was nothing he could do. 

'System, put a tracker on Chiffon. I want to monitor her condition!'

< Understood! >

A beam of light shot from the wooden staff and hit Chiffon's forehead. After successfully planting the tracker, William left the 10th Floor of Atlantis and returned to the First Floor in haste. He knew that if he stayed, he would just be devoured by the power of Gluttony that had gone berserk.

After reaching safety, William immediately asked the System to allow him to see what was happening in real time. 

The System complied, and shared the view around Chiffon. 

What he saw was complete, and utter Darkness.

If not for the fact that he could still hear the faint devouring sound in the background, he might have thought that the Tracker was not working. 

Even the artificial lighting on the 10th floor had been sucked away completely. The growling sounds of Chiffon's stomach could be heard amidst the darkness. William doubted that his lollipops would be able to fight against this Divinity that had run out of control.

All he could do was wait. 

An hour passed.


Two hours passed.

More hours passed.

William sat cross legged as he continued to monitor Chiffon's condition. After a day inside the dungeon, the growling sound stopped. 

The System scanned the surroundings, and Chiffon's body several times, before giving William the go signal that everything was fine. 

William returned to that dark, and empty world. Even his eyes that could see past the darkness couldn't see anything inside the 10th Floor of Atlantis. 

"Light," William said softly and several balls of light illuminated the surroundings.

It was then when he saw her. Standing at the center of the destruction that she had caused, with tears still streaming down the sides of her face. 

William wrapped his arms around the girl who followed him around, and hugged her tight. 

"Big Brother, please, don't leave me," Chiffon said weakly as she buried her head on William's chest. She wanted to hug him back, but she was feeling very weak right now. If not for the fact that William was hugging, and supporting her body, she might have already collapsed on the ground.

"I promise that I'll be a good girl, so please, don't leave me behind." 

"Okay. I won't leave you behind. I promise."

As if waiting for that answer, Chiffon closed her eyes and slept. She had already reached her limit physically, and emotionally. 


William carried the pink-haired-girl in a princess carry, before teleporting to his Villa in the Thousand Beast Domain.

Ian and Princess Sidonie were there and had been waiting for any news about Chiffon. William had ordered everyone to leave the Dungeon of Atlantis, just in case Chiffon's devouring ability broke through the spatial floors of the dungeon. 

Fortunately, it didn't, and only one floor was sacrificed to the little girl's devouring ability.

Princess Sidonie and Ashe looked at the disheveled pink-haired girl and felt an ache in their chests. Chiffon had become very dear to them and seeing her like that broke their hearts.

"Please, clean her up," William said as he handed Chiffon to Ian. "Let her rest here in the villa for now. Although the possibility is low, a relapse could occur. We'll keep her here just in case."

Ian nodded in understanding and transformed into her true form before going to the bathroom. 

Princess Sidonie walked towards William and gave him a hug. "If someday, I will also lose control of my powers, make sure to trap me in one of the floors of your dungeon. That way, I will not be able to hurt anyone."

William's body stiffened. He wanted to assure her that such a day would not come, but he couldn't say it. In a few days, he would be leaving the Kraetor Empire to go to the Tower of Babylon.

Although they could meet in the Thousand Beast Domain, this was only a temporary fix to the problem. William shuddered at the thought of Princess Sidonie losing control of her powers. 

"I will find a way," William said as he hugged the beautiful princess in his arms. "I promise. I will find a way."

"We believe you," Princess Sidonie replied. "I and Morgana believe in you."

William sighed as he closed his eyes. He could still hear Chiffon's pleading words inside his mind. After seeing her in that state, and the reason why it happened, William already knew what he needed to do.


He only hoped that at the end of their journey, he would find a way to help Chiffon have better control of her Divinity. That way, she would no longer need to suffer from the heartbreak of devouring the things that were important to her.


Chapter 555

When Chiffon opened her eyes, she found herself in an unfamiliar room. 

Fortunately, there was someone familiar to her inside the room, and it put her heart at ease.

William was sitting at the side of the bed and holding her hand. The moment their eyes met, Chiffon had the strong urge to run away. If not for the fact that she still couldn't move her body, she might have already bolted out of the room in haste.

"How are you feeling?" William asked with a smile.

"Exhausted," Chiffon answered. "But, aside from that, I'm good."

William nodded his head as he asked the System to run a diagnostic scan on Chiffon's body to ensure that nothing was wrong with her. 

< Chiffon's vital signs are all normal. The possibility of a relapse is .001% >

'Thank you, System.'

Chiffon couldn't remember much of what happened to her. There were lapses in her memory, and she wasn't sure if what she saw was real or only a dream. 

The last thing she remembered was being enclosed in William's embrace, and hearing his promise to not leave her alone.

The two stared at each other for a full minute without saying a word. The awkward silence was unnerving, and it made Chiffon anxious. She was about to say something when suddenly, a growling sound reverberated inside the room.

Chiffon's body stiffened because she thought that it was her stomach that was making a sound. She had just eaten an entire dungeon floor, so her hunger would be sated for at least two days.

"That was my stomach," William said to assure the panicking girl on the bed. For some reason, seeing Chiffon's flustered expression tickled his heart. 

William took out a basket of sandwiches from his storage ring, and offered one of them to Chiffon. The little girl shook her head, and politely declined the sandwich. 

The Half-Elf didn't insist because food was a sensitive topic right now. He just ate in silence, using his right hand, while his left hand held the pink-haired girl's hand.


After eating his fill, William returned the basket to his storage ring, and laid down beside Chiffon. 

"Goodnight." William yawned as he closed his eyes to sleep.

He had been up for nearly two days, and he was already very sleepy. He hadn't eaten anything, and only drank water during his vigil. For some reason, he didn't have any appetite after seeing Chiffon's berserked state.

Two minutes later, William's deep sleeping breaths reached Chiffon's ears. The little glutton stared at his peaceful sleeping face, as if embedding it in her memory. She had wanted to ask William a few things, but the latter had slept before she could even ask anything.

Chiffon sighed as she tried to move her body towards William. Although her body felt heavy, the need to feel someone's warmth fueled her determination. More than anything else, she hated being alone.

Now that someone was sleeping next to her, she decided to move closer to assure herself that what she was seeing was reality and not a dream. 

"Wake up, Mr. Lollipop."

A teasing voice reached William's ears, which made him open his eyes abruptly.

The first thing she saw was a lady.

A very fat lady.

She was sitting on a small chair that creaked every time her body moved slightly. William couldn't help but think that the chair would break at any time, which would make the lady fall on the ground, unable to get up due to her body size.

"You're thinking a very rude thing," the fat lady snorted. "Don't you know that girls are very delicate? You already have three lovers and you still don't understand this fact?"

The fat lady opened a red fan and started fanning herself. Her action made the chair she was sitting on creak dangerously, which made William's teeth itch.

The Half-Elf forcefully tore his attention from the chair and looked at the lady in front of him. Since he had been around the company of Gods during his visit to the temple, it was easy for him to identify the fat lady as a Goddess.

The only question was. 


Who was she? 

"You really are too skinny," the fat lady commented as he eyed William from head to foot. "I suggest that you add at least 170 lbs to your weight."

The corner of William's lips twitched when he heard the comment of the Goddess. 

"I'll take that into consideration, Your Excellency," William said as he gave the lady before her a respectful bow. "My name is William. May I know, Her Excellency's, exalted name?"

The fat lady chuckled, matching the creaking of the chair where she sat. "It has been a while since I introduced myself to a mortal, so forgive me for not introducing myself first. My name is Adephagia, and I am the Goddess of Gluttony."

William felt the last piece of the puzzle fall in place as he heard the name of the Goddess in front of him. The Half-Elf decided to remain silent and wait for Adephagia to tell him the reason why she had brought him to the Boundary of Heaven and Earth.

He had been here not long ago when he met with Aamon, Astrid's twin that had given him an unreasonable quest from the get go.

The Goddess smiled and nodded her head in appreciation. She had already read what William was currently thinking, so she decided to get straight to the point.

"First of all, I would like to thank you for taking care of my daughter," Adephagia said softly. "My daughter has been through many tough times, and although her fate is filled with suffering, as her mother, I can't help but weep for her."

(A/N: All the Gods of the Seven Deadly Sins call their personifications in the mortal realm daughters. Yeah, all of them are born as girls. I'm just going to clarify things in case you guys are thinking of something else.)

Adephagia started to dab her eyes with a handkerchief as if to wipe away the invisible tears that weren't there. 

William played along and nodded his head in understanding.

"Chiffon is like a little sister to me," William stated. "It breaks my heart to see her hurting."

"I see!" Adephagia grinned. "Now, let's talk about you and her wedding."

"Um? What wedding?"


"Sorry, I stuttered. I meant to say let's talk about you and her well being. Don't you know? Having a healthy body and mind will lead you to greatness."

The Goddess laughed with "Ohohoho!" like a second rate villainess, which made William worry about the future. Lady Eros had asked him to take care of her daughters, while she was training him in her palace.

The Goddess of Lust didn't imply anything aside from taking care of her daughters, but the end result was having Princess Sidonie and Morgana as his lover.

Seeing that the Goddess of Gluttony had appeared in front of him. William had a nagging feeling that he was about to become the groom in a Shotgun Wedding.

"Oi, don't think too highly of yourself," Adephagia closed her fan and pointed it in William's direction. "You're too skinny for my lovely daughter. I will only allow you to become her lover if you increase your weight by 180 lbs."

William felt that he was about to have a migraine. Earlier the Goddess mentioned that he needed to add 170 lbs to his weight, now she changed it to 180 lbs. He had a feeling that the Goddess of Gluttony would continue to increase his weight as they continued their chat.

"Where was I? Oh yeah, let's talk about you and her wedding."

"Well-being."

"Tsk." Adephagia clicked her tongue before opening her fan to cover half of her face. "You are going to the Tower of Babel, right?"

William nodded his head in affirmation. "Yes."

"Very well, allow me to give you a gift." The Goddess of Gluttony threw two small boxes in William's direction, and the latter caught it by reflex.

"The red box is for Chiffon, and the pink one is for you," Adephagia stated. "You don't need to know what is inside the box because you wouldn't be able to open it even if you used all of your strength. 

"Just know that the box will open at the right time. Hold on to them for now, and keep them safe. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Your Excellency," William replied.

"Good. Now go back." Adephagia made a gesture to shoo William away. "Make sure to take care of my daughter. If you don't, I'll sit on your head. Let's see if you can bully her again after that."


Even in his spirit form, William could feel beads of sweat forming on his head. If the Fat Goddess really sat on his head, it would easily be crushed like a watermelon getting run over by a tank.


Chapter 556

William and Ashe laid on the bed, hugging each other.

The gems on their chests glowed in synchronized rhythm, as the System bestowed Ashe the ability to instantly teleport to the Thousand Beast Domain. 

This was not an easy thing to do because it required fifty thousand God Points to make it possible. William didn't mind spending that much because it allowed Ashe to have the means to visit the Thousand Beast domain anytime she wanted.

William had already told Ashe and Princess Sidonie that they could also teleport to his domain if their lives were in danger. Their safety was his priority, so he didn't mind spending God Points to ensure their safety. 

God Points: 4,250,042

If only he had known about this feature before leaving the Southern Continent, he would have definitely made it so Wendy and Est could drop by his Domain to come see him. 

After half an hour, the modification of their gems had been successfully completed. It was a very delicate process, but thanks to the System's ability, it went as smoothly as planned.

"With this I can see you anytime that I want," Ashe said as she stared at William's eyes. "Thank you."

"Why are you thanking me?" William asked as he kissed her forehead. "I like having you around. If not for the fact that I'm worried about Sidonie being alone, I would have also taken you along with me."

Ashe smiled as she buried herself in William's embrace. Aside from William, only she had the ability to keep Princess Sidonie's divinity from going berserk. She and the Princess had seen what had happened to their Beach Villa in the Dungeon of Atlantis.

What was once a beautiful floor was now a dark place, devoid of anything.

According to the System, the floor would revert to how it was in the past. However, it would take at least a year for that to happen. Naturally, there were ways to hasten up the process, like fixing it using the Dungeon Settings.

However, for that to happen, William needed to finish conquering it first. The progress in conquering the dungeon had halted, on the 52nd Floor because the monsters were quite powerful.


Each group had a dozen individuals, and there would always be a Millennial Beast, and two Centennial Beast among them. However, it didn't end there. Once the teams engaged them, the Red-Eyed Razor Naga (Millennial Beast), would shout a warcry that would call the other groups to come to their location. 

William and his party would then face at least Four Millennial Beast, Eight Centennial Beast, and thirty-six Class A Monsters.

This would have been easily dealt with if William was able to use his Heroic Avatar. But, for some strange reason, his Heroic Avatar was disabled on the 52nd Floor of Atlantis. This left him no choice but to allow his Herd and Legion to get stronger first, before challenging the floor again.

'Darling, are you done?' Morgana asked. 

'Yes. we just finished,' William replied. 'What's the problem?'

'There's no problem,' Morgana stated. 'I just managed to put Chiffon to sleep, so I can join you and Ashe.'

Before William could even reply, the door of the room opened and a beautiful girl with golden eyes walked towards the bed with a sensuous smile. 

"You're going to leave tomorrow, so you need to at least do some maintenance,' Morgana said as she sat on the bed. 'It has been a while since the three of us did it. You're not going to get any sleep tonight, Darling~"

The next day…

"Big Brother, what's wrong?" Chiffon asked as she looked up at the sleepy looking William.

William yawned before patting the little girl's head. "Nothing. I just wasn't able to get much sleep last night."

Chiffon tilted her head in confusion, but she decided not to pry. The two of them would be leaving today, and she was feeling quite excited about traveling alongside William.

"Ah, there you are, William," the Headmaster of the Academy, Gilbert, appeared on the gates of the Academy. "I'm glad I managed to see you before you left the academy."


William had notified him beforehand that he would take a leave from his studies to go to the Tower of Babylon. 

The Headmaster wanted to accompany him as well, but he was currently too tied up with the school activities that had been scheduled. He also had to supervise the preparation of the tournament that would happen in less than two months.

This tournament held a special meaning to the Kraetor Empire because this decided the rankings of their top prodigies. Those who were in the top ten would be given resources in order to further increase their ranks.

Those who weren't able to get to the top ten, but had shown great potential would be sponsored by the Empire as well. This was a way to motivate the young generation to strive for excellence, which would further boost the strength of the Kraetor Empire in the future.

"What's wrong, Headmaster?" William asked. "Do you perhaps want to tell me to buy you a souvenir?"

"Well, that is also a good idea. But, I came here to ask you a favor."

"I'm all ears."

Gilbert took out a scroll from his storage ring and gave it to William. The Half-Elf spread it open and saw what seemed to be an exquisite, green flower brooch, with a sparkling jewel at its center.

"This is called the Brooch of Emerald Desire," Gilbert explained. "It was said that it was among the priceless treasures that can be found in the Vault of the Vanished Warlord. If you are able to get the opportunity to retrieve it, I am willing to pay a hefty sum for it."

"If I see it then I'll trade it to you, Headmaster," William replied. "But, if I don't. No hard feelings, okay? There is a possibility that I might get trapped there for an indefinite period of time."

Gilbert nodded in understanding. To be honest, he didn't want William to go to the Tower to risk his life. He had already done his best to convince him, but the latter was determined to go. 

Since that was the case, he decided to give him as much support as he could and prepared the necessities he would need in his journey.

"Very well, May the wind be always at your back, and the light shine upon your way," Gilbert placed his hand on William's shoulder. "Also, look after Chiffon for us. You don't have to worry about what the other side is going to say. We will handle that for you."


The old man lowered his head and whispered something in William's ears.

"If it becomes dangerous, do your best to escape the floor," Gilbert whispered. "You don't need to run a fool's errand. Life is very precious, do not waste it on trivial things."

William nodded his head, and didn't make any further comments.

"I'll come back as soon as I can, Headmaster. Goodbye for now."

"Goodbye, Headmaster," Chiffon said as she bowed her head. "Thank you for letting me stay in the Academy."

Gilbert looked at Chiffon with gentle eyes as he patted her head. "Sorry, child. We have been unfair to you. Be careful on your journey, and come back safely. We will be waiting for your return."

"Thank you, Headmaster."

"You're welcome."

William held Chiffon's hand, as both of them walked out of the gate of the academy. They had already said their goodbyes to Ashe and Princess Sidonie, who were currently sleeping in their rooms. Just like William, both of them were quite exhausted due to their night of skinship. 

"Come out, Raiden," William ordered. 

A Black Qilin who was three-meters tall, and five meters long, appeared in front of William. It was radiating the presence of a Millennial Beast, and Chiffon wasn't able to stop herself from clinging to William's arm.

"It's fine, he just looks scary, but he's harmless." William patted Chiffon's head before lifting her up to ride on the Qilin's back. After the little girl was secured in place, William sat behind her and wrapped his arms firmly on her waist.

"Let's go, Raiden," William ordered. "To infinity and beyond!"


Gilbert watched as the Black Qilin rose in the air and flew towards the East. They were headed to the first town that would allow them to use the Teleportation Gates that were specially designated for those who planned to go to the Tower of Babylon.

The Headmaster of Silverwind Academy didn't know if he would see the Half-Elf again. However, after observing William for a few months, he realized that the boy seemed to have the tendency to make the impossible possible. 


Chapter 557

The Black Qilin's body soared towards the sky and flew above the clouds. Chiffon looked in awe at the surroundings because this was the first time she had flown in the air.

She was like a little child that was taken on a field trip, and currently enjoying the sights and sounds around her. 

"Big Brother, I heard that Qilin's are only native to the Silvermoon Continent," Chiffon said. "Where did you find this Black Qilin?"

"I kille--, I mean, I tamed him when I was in the Southern Continent," William replied. "It had a very nasty personality, so I was forced to beat the crap out of him until he submitted to me."

"Big Brother is so amazing!"

"Yes. I am amazing."

The Black Qilin didn't show any kind of reaction to the two passengers in its back, and continued to fly in silence.

The Qilin was the former Guardian of the Silvermoon Continent, Eneru, who was killed by the angry Protectors of the Kraetor Empire. 

William took the Qilin's corpse and its soul--which was trapped in the Altar inside the Hellan Royal Palace--and used his Necromantic power to bring it back to life as a servant.

Supposedly, Eneru should have turned into an Undead Qilin after William had brought him back to life. However, something happened within his Sea of Consciousness.

The King Chess Piece glowed, and the Black Strand that had laid dormant within his Spiritual World, lent its power to bring Eneru back to life, which allowed the Qilin to be reborn as a Black Qilin.

William wasn't aware that these two pieces of Divinity had worked hand in hand to create a very rare Mythical Beast that was known for its power to wield black lightning.

Raiden was the name William had bestowed to the newly born Eneru, who had no memories of his past life. The Qilin's personality was like a man with few words. It would only talk if William was the first to initiate a conversation. 

The Qilin's Myriad Core had been taken out of its body and given to Ella. She, along with the other goats that also received Millennial Cores from William from the Beasts that were slain during the war, were currently hibernating in the Kyrintor Mountains.


Takam had volunteered to watch after them as they completed their evolution. William didn't know when the first members of his herd would wake up. Although he was going to miss them, he knew that this was also a good opportunity for all of them to grow stronger.

He hoped that the next time they met, All of them would have taken on their human forms, and would come to accompany William on his journey through the Central Continent.

"And that is Chiffon's current state inside the Academy," Dickie reported through a communication crystal. "She's still as miserable as ever."

"Is that so?" an arrogant voice replied. "Did you see something unusual? Like, an odd behaviour from her?"

"No, Sir. I didn't see anything of the sort."

"Very well. Continue to monitor her. Also, be mindful of the news, and rumors that are currently spreading in the information network of the Kraetor Empire. No matter how unbelievable the news, make sure to take it down and report it to me as soon as possible. I'll see you in a week."

"Understood, Duke Ryder."

Somewhere in the Demon Continent...

"How peculiar. Based on the current time line, she should have already gone berserk by now…," Duke Ryder tapped his desk with a frown. "Did we make a mistake in our calculation?"

The Duke activated the ring on his ring finger.

"Sir, it is me," Duke Ryder said in a respectful voice. "I have called you to give a report."

A beam of light shot from the ring and created a projection in front of the Duke. There, a man sitting on a throne made of skulls looked back at him with a serious expression.

"Did that vermin finally lose control of her powers?" the man asked. "Did she devour the entire Silverwind Academy?"

Duke Ryder shook his head. "No, My Lord. According to the report, the Vermin is still living off the trash in the Garbage Dump of the Academy. So far, aside from her miserable condition, her Divinity remains dormant."


The man frowned. This was not the report he was waiting for. According to the calculations of his warlocks, the Sin of Gluttony should have already gone berserk at this point in time. 

They had sent Chiffon to the Kraetor Empire in order to give them a surprise that they would never forget in their lifetime. The man sitting on the throne made of skulls was Chiffon's father.

He used Emperor Leonidas' sentiment for Chiffon's mother to bring the little girl under his care.

Chiffon's father readily agreed to send her daughter away, but gave Emperor Leonidas two conditions. First, Chiffon must be enrolled at the Silverwind Academy, and second, she would not receive any form of support from Emperor Leonidas' Empire.

Their goal was to let Chiffon's Divinity go berserk and devour the entire academy. That way, all the members of the young generation, including countless prodigies and heirs of noble families, would all die a tragic death.

This would weaken the Kraetor Empire for at least twenty to thirty years because of the loss of their young prodigies. This was a blow that no Empire wanted to bear. 

If only Emperor Leonidas knew of the sinister plan that his former companion had prepared for him, he wouldn't have brought Chiffon back to his Empire.

Chiffon's father wanted to weaken one of the pillars that kept the peace of the Central Continent. If one of those pillars crumbled, chaos would once again prevail and the other major powers would swarm the Kraetor Empire in droves like vultures and hyenas, looking to eat some scraps from a dying wild beast.

"Well, no matter," the man sitting on the throne said after some time. "If it doesn't happen now, it is still bound to happen later. At most, it will only take one more month before our plan comes to fruition."

"I agree, My Lord." Duke Ryder nodded his head. "I will continue to monitor the Kraetor Empire. Once I get wind of any good news, I will report it to you right away, My Lord."

"Good." The man on the throne nodded. "We've been experiencing a lot of setbacks lately. The plan to get Broodmares in the Southern Continent also failed…"

"My Lord, have you heard about the news regarding the Elves?"

"I did. I already sent people to verify whether the news was true or not."

The man sitting on the throne had heard a very interesting rumor from the Southern Continent. According to the information he got, the Elves tried to conquer the Human Kingdoms, and failed miserably.


Aside from losing millions of elves, their Demigod, Sepheron disappeared, and one of their Guardian Beasts, Eneru, died in battle. If this news was true then it would greatly weaken the forces of the Silvermoon Continent.

The man still hadn't forgotten the time when he almost succeeded in conquering the Elves and making them their slaves. It was quite unfortunate that a Human Hero stood before them and trampled his ambitions into the ground.

The man rubbed his left arm that had been regrown using the power of Dark Magic. They had suffered greatly in that war. Due to the Demon Race's slow reproduction rate, they decided to capture Humans who had strong magical and spiritual powers.

They were to be their broodmares that would help them increase their numbers. Although the Human Empires and Kingdoms in the Central Continent were always at odds with each other, they would set aside their grievances and unite if their peace was threatened.

This was why the Lord of the Demonic Continent didn't dare to capture the prodigies in the Central Continent, and just settled for the ones in the Southern Continent. Unfortunately, this plan had failed as well.

In the end, they resorted to dealing with slave traders in order to get their hands on promising slaves that had the potential to give birth to powerful demons. Although slave trading was banned in some parts of the continent, there were still places where the underground auctions were held. 

The Slave Traders didn't care who bought their wares as long as the money was good. Some of them even formed a partnership with the Demon Race who always bought their slaves in bulk.

"My Lord, I have other things to report," Duke Ryder said with a smile. "I heard from a credible source that the son of our nemesis is also in the Kraetor Empire."

"Son of our nemesis?" The man eyed the Demon Duke with an appraising look. "Are you talking about Maxwell's son with the Saintess?"

"Yes, My Lord. according to one of my business partners in the Kraetor Empire, the Half-Elf is currently enrolled in Silverwind Academy."

A devilish smile appeared on the man's lips. Soon, he roared in laughter.

Duke Ryder smiled as he watched his Lord laugh to his heart's content. 

"Fate really knows how to crack a joke," the man said after laughing. "I can't wait to see the day when that girl, Chiffon, will devour everything, including that bastard's son. I wonder how the Saintess will react after hearing this news."

The man laughed once again. He had long wanted to have his revenge on Maxwell, and Arwen, but there had never been an opportunity. 


Now that the boy was inside Silverwind Academy, it was only a matter of time before his name would be added to the list of people that died due to his daughter's Deadly Sin.


Chapter 558

"Big Brother, is that the Tower of Babylon?" Chiffon asked as she pointed in the distance. 

They had just exited an underground tunnel, and the first thing that they saw was a Giant Tower that extended towards the sky. 

"Yes," William replied. "If that is not the Tower of Babylon, I don't know what it is."

The Qilin gave his silent agreement as he flew towards the tower. Their month-long journey was about to come to an end. Along the way, they visited several cities, and stayed for a day or two to rest. 

During their journey, Chiffon became more lively, suitable for a girl of her age. Without being constantly monitored and restricted by other people, the pink-haired girl's latent curiosity burst forth.

William liked this change in Chiffon's personality. Although she still couldn't smile, the subtle rise at the corner of her lips were becoming more and more evident as time went by. The Half-Elf hoped that there would come a day where Chiffon would show him a smile that came from the bottom of her heart.

A smile that will definitely melt the heart of anyone who would see it.

"It's massive," Chiffon looked in wonder at the giant tower that was getting bigger and bigger. "I've never seen anything like it."

William nodded in agreement. The tower was indeed very impressive, and in a way, intimidating. It was like a Giant that was looking down on the entire world and daring everyone to climb to its highest floor.

After an hour, the Dark Qilin slowly descended from the sky. 

At the base of the tower, a massive city was built. This was where people of all ages and various ethnicities gathered to challenge the floors of the tower.

There were a total of fifty conquered floors inside the Tower of Babylon. Those who managed to conquer these floors became the ruling families who governed it. One can even say that they were the Kings of their own domain, and not even the Emperors of the different Empires held control over them.


Because of the riches and other rewards that the Tower offered, many would challenge it from time to time, in order to break past the 51st Floor which was deemed to be impossible to conquer. 

In the end, most people gave up and settled to work for the families who had already managed to conquer a floor of their own.

The city at the base of the tower became the hub of these ruling families. This was where they sold, or auctioned off the products exclusive to their respective floors, and they profited immensely from it. 

The city was ruled by a council, which was composed of fifty members. Each of these members hailed from the family of each floor and worked together to create the city that was known as the City of Babylon.

William landed a mile away from the city because the Black Qilin was too catchy. He made Chiffon wear a black hooded robe, and a mask to cover her adorable face. 

Gilbert had been to the city before and he said that it was a place where slave trading was encouraged. William was a Half-Elf and Chiffon was Half Dwarf-Half Demon. Both of them were good looking, so their chances of getting captured were very high. 

William wasn't afraid of slave collars, because enslavement magic didn't work on him anymore. This was one of the benefits of wearing the Collar of Wisteria in the past. Celine confided that one of the reasons why she made William the collar was to prevent others from enslaving him.

Since Celine and Celeste had also worn the collar when they were younger, they had also gained the immunity from enslavement magic. This was the preparation made by their Grandfather to prevent the two girls from being enslaved and used for notorious deeds.

The only concern he had was Chiffon's safety. He didn't know if one of the Seven Deadly Sins could be enslaved. He just hoped that nobody would be stupid enough to make their moves on her. Otherwise, William would erase them from the face of the Earth.

William and Chiffon had just reached the gate when the Half-Elf suddenly stopped walking.

The reason?

There was a familiar face looking at him with a smile.


"Master?" William asked as he watched the beautiful elf walk towards him in a daze. 

Out of everyone he knew, he didn't expect to see Celine in the City of Babylon.

"It is me," Celine replied before ruffling William's hair. "You've grown a little taller since we last met."

Chiffon looked at the lady in front of her. She could tell that she was quite close to William because her Big Brother seemed happy to see her.

"Master, why are you here?"

"Because a bird told me that you would be here."

"Huh?" William blinked as he looked at his shadow. "Second Master?"

Celine covered her lips and chuckled. She was just teasing William and the latter didn't betray her expectations.

"Oliver is not here," Celine commented. "He is watching over my room in the inn for me. I know that you have a lot of questions, but this is not a place for them. Come, I'm sure you're also tired of your journey."

Celine didn't wait for William's reply before walking away. The Half-Elf glanced at Chiffon and the latter nodded her head.

William followed Celine while he firmly held Chiffon's hand. The streets of the City of Babylon were quite crowded, and he was worried that he would be separated from her if he didn't hold her hand.

Soon they arrived at an elegant looking inn that was away from the main streets of the city. Celine led them to her room without a word. 


"It has been a while, Little Will," Oliver greeted William as soon as the latter entered Celine's room. 

"Second Master, I hope you're doing well," William replied.

"I've been well." Oliver nodded his head. "I just didn't expect that you would be visiting this place, so Mistress and I took a detour."

Celine started to brew some tea, while William chatted with Oliver. Chiffon had already taken off her hood, and mask and listened to their conversation with interest. This was the first time that she had seen a strange creature like Oliver that was Half Parrot, Half Monkey.

After filling their cups with tea, Celine sat on the table and stared at William.

"It looks like your hobby of picking up girls in the Dungeon still hasn't changed," Celine said.

William lightly cleared his throat, "Master. You're talking about a different protagonist. I don't pick up girls in the Dungeon."

"Well, why don't you introduce me to your new companion?" Celine asked. The beautiful Elf had already sensed Chiffon's uniqueness. Even though she didn't have Oliver's eyes, she still had a spell that could identify a person's origins.

Unlike the Elves of the Silvermoon Continent, Celine held no bias towards other races. She was even mildly surprised when she found out that Chiffon had demonic blood running in her veins. 

"Master, this is Chiffon Val Gremory," William said. "Chiffon, this is my Master, who taught me how to use Dar--Darts Magic. Her name is Celine Dy Wisteria."

Chiffon stared hard at Celine, and the latter stared right back at her. The beautiful elf ignored the part where William was about to tell the little girl that she taught him how to wield Dark Magic. 

After what seemed to be an eternity, the little girl opened her adorable lips and made a statement.


"You are just like me," Chiffon said softly. "You also carry a Sin."


Chapter 559

"You are just like me. You also carry a Sin."

Celine didn't deny or confirm Chiffon's statement. She just stared at the little girl with pity, as if she was looking at her past self. 

William tilted his head as he looked at Chiffon and his Master. He clearly heard the pink-haired girl say that his Master, Celine, was someone like her. 

Someone who also carried a sin.

"What is your relationship with my Disciple?" Celine asked in order to change the topic. 

Chiffon glanced at William before looking back at Celine, "Big Brother is my caretaker. He also provides me with food to eat."

"Caretaker? Well, I guess he is good at taking care of kids."

"Big Brother has been very nice to me. He always lets me eat his long and hard…"

"M-Master, what are you doing here?" William interjected before Chiffon could finish her statement. Last time, Princess Sidonie suddenly bit him while the two of them were having an intimate moment together.

When William asked why she did that, the beautiful Princess said that it was punishment for letting Chiffon do things that she shouldn't have done. Naturally, the Half-Elf was confused about what his lover was talking about.

After coaxing and asking the Princess the reason for her bad mood, he found out that all of this came from a misunderstanding.


A misunderstanding due to Chiffon's poor choice of words.

William didn't want his Master to misunderstand, so he decided to intervene before the pink-haired girl said things that might cause others to think badly of him.

Celine gave William the "let's talk about this later" look before answering his question. 

"Like I said earlier, I came here because I got wind that you were headed here for the Tower," Celine answered. "Don't ask who told me that you'd be here. It will just complicate things if you know who it is."

William scratched his head. Clearly, his Master had no intention of divulging her secret, so it was best to leave the matter alone.

"But, that is not the only reason why I am here," Celine stated. "I came here to keep my promise and impart to you the last lesson you need to learn about Dart Magic. After that, I will go and see my sister, before going to the Demon Continent."

Chiffon's expression changed after she heard the words Demon Continent. Her body unconsciously shuddered because that was the place of her origin. A place that she didn't want to go back to ever again.

William digested Celine's words. The tone his Master used was firm and carried no hint of hesitation. It was then when he also realized that there was a possibility that he wouldn't be able to see Celine again for a very long time.

Part of him wanted to tell her not to go to a very dangerous place, but he also knew that his Master wouldn't back down just because he asked her not to go. Celine was already an adult. She could make her own decisions and knew full well the consequences of her actions.

"Master, we will see each other again, right?" William asked softly. 

Although there had been many twists and turns to their relationship as Master and Disciple, Celine was one of the important people in his life. He had learned a lot of things from her, and for that, he was forever grateful. 


"Silly boy, of course we will see each other again," Celine answered. "I'm an Elf. I have a very long life ahead of me. It might take a few years before we see each other again, but we will definitely meet."

"Can you promise me that, Master?"

"Mmm. I promise. Now, tell me all the things that you have done ever since you left the Southern Continent. Don't omit anything, especially in regards to how you met Chiffon."

William nodded his head and told his Master the things that he had experienced in Silverwind Academy. How Emperor Leonidas snubbed him at first, and forced to enroll at the Academy. His meeting with Chiffon, and also about the Quarterly Assessment Test, and how he beat the old record.

Celine shook her head helplessly and lit a candle for the future students of Silverwind Academy. The beautiful Elf believed that none of them would be able to beat William's record for many years to come.

After finishing his tale, Celine then informed him about what happened in the Southern Continent while he was away.

Due to the increasing pressure from the citizens, and the neighboring Dynasties and Kingdom, King Noah had been forced to send the First Prince, Lionel, to the guillotine and had him executed. 

Although he was angered by his son's betrayal, he only decided to imprison him for life. But, that didn't sit well with the citizens who had lost their children during the war. In order to prevent a Civil War, King Noah compromised and steeled himself, sacrificing his firstborn to quell the masses.

His second son, Prince Rufus, was exiled from the Hellan Kingdom. According to Celine, the exiled prince decided to come to the Central Continent and enter the Misty Sect. 

After losing his two sons, the King proclaimed Prince Ernest as the new Crown Prince of the Hellan Kingdom. Not only that, he also announced the name of his future Queen, which was none other than Princess Brianna of the Northern Tribe.

A smile appeared on William's face when he heard that the two children had become officially engaged. He treated Brianna as a little sister, and he only had her happiness in mind. William knew that Prince Ernest really cared about her, so he wasn't worried that his little sister would get bullied.


Even if she got bullied, so what? William would just return to the Hellan Kingdom and give the new Crown Prince a good spanking, in order to avenge his little sister!

Celine left out the troublesome part about the rebuilding of the Hellan Kingdom, and other matters regarding the peace treaty that had been signed by the four ruling factions in the Southern Continent.

She knew that none of these were important to William, so she didn't want to waste her time explaining about these things as well.

"Well then, are you ready for your last lesson, Will?" Celine asked. "This time, I will not hold back. I want to see if you've been slacking off in your training after you left the Hellan Kingdom."

William patted his chest with confidence and gave Celine a confident smile.

"I am ready, Master. This time, the one who will lose is you."

"Quite confident are we? Very well. Let's see if you can back it up."

William held Chiffon's hand and reached out towards Celine. The beautiful Elf held his hand firmly. Oliver entered Celine's shadow so that he wouldn't be left behind.

A few seconds later, the scenery around them changed. 

William had taken everyone inside his Thousand Beast Domain where he and Celine would have their final match against each other.

In the past, William always lost against the beautiful Elf whenever they spared inside his Sea of Consciousness. But now, things were different. 


William was no longer the powerless child that Celine had tormented during their training. 

The red-headed teenager was even looking forward to having a match with her. What he didn't know was that Celine's final lesson wasn't an ordinary lesson.

It was a lesson that he would remember for the rest of his life. 


Chapter 560

William dried his hair after stepping out of the bathroom. This had always been his routine whenever he was about to train with Celine inside his Sea of Consciousness. 

He glanced at Chiffon who was sleeping peacefully on top of his bed. They had eaten dinner three hours ago, and the little girl decided to sleep early because she was still exhausted from their journey.

William, on the other hand, had an appointment with Celine, so he left the room after putting on a clean set of clothes. 

He left the Villa and went straight to Celine's Residence that he had built for her long ago. This residence included a laboratory where his Master would conduct her experiments from time to time.

William thought of all of these things as if they happened just yesterday. Now, Celine was going to a far away place, and the Half-Elf didn't know when he was going to see her again. Although his Master was being casual about it, he couldn't help but feel anxious at the thought that the two of them wouldn't be able to see each other again.

He sighed as he knocked on Celine's door, announcing his arrival.

"Master, I'm here."

"Come in."

William entered the room and headed straight to the bedroom. There he saw a silver door where Celine waited for him.

The door was the entrance of the special artifact, Eternity. This was where William had trained with Celine during his childhood. 

A day inside the artifact was only an hour in the real world. In order to maximize their training time, Celine would use this artifact, so the two of them could train for days, and even weeks on end, during their free time. 

He had done this countless times in the past, even so, seeing Celine in her nightwear still made his heart beat a little faster than normal.

William paused to admire the beautiful elf in front of him. It was as if he was imprinting this image in his head, just in case he forgot about her after years of not seeing each other.

"What's wrong?" Celine asked as she looked at the dazed Half-Elf that was looking at her. "Come. Time waits for no one."

"Yes, Master," William replied as he laid on the bed.


He faced Celine that he had done many times in the past, and waited for the latter to press her forehead over his.

"William, this time, don't hold back," Celine said as she moved closer. "Let's have a proper death match."

"Understood, Master."

"Synchronize."

Sounds of explosion reverberated inside William's Sea of Consciousness. Their battle had been going on for an hour, and none had managed to deal a decisive blow at each other. 

Celine had lowered her Rank to match William's, so they were almost on even ground. The beautiful elf's battle experience was higher, but William's countless skills made up for that gap.

"Icycle Realm!"

"Darkness Domain!"

The two powers clashed and cancelled each other out. William shot several Ice Spears, Fireballs, and Wind Blades, in Celine's direction, but the latter was too fast to be hit by his attacks. 

"Void arrow!" William pointed his finger and a black arrow shot out from it.

Celine sneered and fired her own Void Arrow. When the two arrows met, Celine's Void arrow destroyed William's and continued its trajectory towards the boy.

William evaded and this time, he used his dark whip to lash out at Celine. As if waiting for that move, Celine also summoned a Dark Whip and attacked William.

When the two whips clashed against each other, William's Dark Whip dispersed and Celine's Dark Whip snaked towards him like a living being.

William raised his hand and several pillars of ice blocked the whips' advance. However, they were all destroyed by the power behind Celine's attack, forcing William to back away and escape its attack range.

"Even when two similar powers are used, that doesn't mean that they will just cancel each other out," Celine explained as she fired several dark beams in William's direction. "What you are using is simply Dark Magic, while mine is True Dark Magic. This is the difference between our powers."


Wiliam summoned Stormcaller and fired a barrage of lightning to counter Celine's magical attacks. Rumbling sounds were heard when the two attacks collided, but the Half-Elf and his Master paid it no mind.

The two fought each other in close combat as Stormcaller and Celine's Deathscythe struck each other, sending sparks flying in all directions.

"Master, how can I get True Dark Magic?" William inquired when Celine distanced himself from him.

Even though he asked a question, his magical bombardment didn't stop. 

After deflecting William's attacks, Celine smiled as he channeled her Battle Aura on her weapon.

"You can wield True Dark Magic once you surrender yourself to Darkness," Celine replied as she stomped her foot on the ground to propel herself forward. "You don't need to use this power because you are capable of wielding the power of all the elements. 

"If you ever meet someone who uses True Dark Magic in the future, never use Dark Magic against them."

Celine didn't give William any chance to reply as her Scythe Extended like a whip that was out to cut William in Half.

The Boy wasn't fazed as he pointed his weapon in Celine's direction.

"Quick Shot War Arts," William roared. "Grand Bazooka!"

A powerful Lightning Blast erupted from the tip of the spear, clashing against Celine's powerful attack. The collision between the two only lasted for a brief moment before William's attack overwhelmed his Master's killer move.

Celine dodged to the side by rolling on the ground. Before she could stand up and continue to fight, the tip of Stormcaller pressed against her neck.

"I won, Master," William declared. 

He could have cut Celine's neck off her head, but he couldn't bear to do that. She was still his Master, and William respected her. That's why, he only settled to end their battle in a way that would not leave a bad aftertaste in his mouth.

"Well done," Celine replied after half a minute. "You have really grown leaps and bounds since the last time we fought against each other."


William removed Stormcaller's tip from his Master's neck and extended a hand to help her up. 

"With this, I can go to the Demon Continent without worrying about you," Celine said as he patted William's shoulder. "I'm sure that you will do well even without me."

William was her very first Disciple, and probably her last. She was very proud of him, especially during the war in the Southern Continent. The Half-Elf had also taught her a lot of lessons in life. 

Because of William, Celine had changed her mindset and decided to face the things that she had been running away from all her life. This was why she wanted to see him first, before meeting her twin sister, Celeste.

After she reunited with her sister, she would then travel to the Demonic Continent to visit her Master. Celine was quite worried about her, and missed her terribly. 

William lowered his head, because he didn't want to let his Master see his sad expression. 

"Stop acting like a spoiled child," Celine said as she used the tip of her finger to raise William's head. "Since you have beaten me fair and square, allow me to give you a reward."

Celine moved her head closer.

William's eyes widened when Celine's soft lips pressed over his own. 

"Happy Birthday, William," Celine said with a smile. "Congratulations, today marks the day of your coming of age. You are now considered an adult, so it's time for you to become one."

Yes. When the clock struck twelve, William officially turned eighteen years old in the World of Hestia. The Half-Elf hadn't forgotten about his birthday, and even made plans to have a celebration in the Thousand Beast Domain after Ashe's and Princess Sidonie's classes ended in the afternoon. 

Before William could even react to Celine's words, the beautiful elf snapped her fingers. The surroundings changed, and they returned to the bedroom where the two of them laid facing each other.

"This will be our last lesson together," Celine whispered in William's ears. She once again kissed William's lips before untying the string that bound her nightwear. "Although I feel sorry about your lovers, I will be taking your first."

William looked at the beautiful Elf that was looking down on him. He would be lying if he said that this possibility never crossed his mind when he was still young. Now that Celine was actively stripping him of his clothes, he knew that his Master was serious.

"Master, I think you're making a misunderstanding," William said as he cupped Celine's face. "It's not you, but me. I will be taking your first."


William pulled the beautiful Elf towards him and kissed her passionately. This was the start of their first night together. 

Not as Master and Disciple.

But as a man, and a woman who would be taking that next step in their relationship.


Chapter 561

(Disclaimer: You've already watched enough H to know where this is going. This chapter will be all about ahem, so if you're not interested in it, feel free to skip!)

The sound of kissing could be heard inside the artifact, Eternity. 

Celine felt a tingle run down her spine as William's hands caressed, and fondled her smooth and jade-like body. 

She wanted to take the lead, because she felt that it was her duty as a Master to show William how it was done. The beautiful Elf was not aware that when it came to love making, the Half-Elf had more experience between the two of them.

"I've dreamt of this in the past," William said as he kneaded Celine's two peaks with his hands. "Master, you're very beautiful."

William lowered his head and slightly bit the pink tips that had already become firm due to his fondling. He kissed, licked, and sucked them like a baby. While his lips were busy with Celine's breasts, his right hand moved downward, past her abdomen and into the entrance of her maidenhood.

Celine's body uncontrollably shuddered under the machinations of William's hands. 

The Half-Elf had already known that although his Master acted like she had a lot of experience in these kinds of activities, Celine was still a pure maiden that had not been touched by any man.

Unlike her, William had already done the deed in his dreams, but none in real life. He had never crossed that line with Wendy, Ashe, and Princess Sidonie, because the time wasn't right. 

Now that he had officially turned eighteen, there was no need for him to hold back. 

"W-Why are you so good?" Celine stuttered as William playfully pinched her… "Have you done this before?"

"In my dreams," William answered. 


"Are you… Mmhh!… Hah… stupid?"

"It's the truth, Master. I have done this many times in my dreams."

"With me?"

"... Yes."

William's slight hesitation didn't escape Celine's gaze, but her thoughts turned to mush as the Half-Elf's hand continued their relentless attacks. 

After sensing that Celine's body was ready to accept him, William kissed his Master's lips before spreading her legs wide. His gaze landed on that place where he would soon claim as his own.

"Master, are you sure that you want it to be me?"

"We've already come this far. Let's finish it till the end."

Celine relaxed her body and waited. She didn't have to wait long, because William was also at his limit. The moment he lowered his hips, Celine's final resistance was torn away and swept aside like a boat facing a storm in the open seas.

The beautiful Elf felt pain, but it was not as painful as she expected it to be. Lady Eros had instructed William to make sure that his partner would be able to accept him fully, and the teenager used everything he learned to practice. 

William made love with Celine, and the latter's pleasurable sighs permeated their surroundings. He didn't do it roughly, but he did it in a way that would torture his master. This was his payback for the years that he had suffered in her hands.

The Half-Elf gave her a sweet, and slow, but pleasurable experience. There were times where he would stop, and only continue after Celine had begged him. 


Celine might be his Master when it came to Dark Magic, but when it came to lovemaking, William won hands down.

They made love many times, each time a different position. This time, it was William's turn to teach Celine what he was capable of. To his credit, the beautiful Elf had no complaints, only asking him for more.

Several hours later…

Celine slept soundly on the bed, while William wiped the sweat off her body with a hand towel. The red stains on the white sheet were proof that he was Celine's first man, and William was very tempted to take it inside his storage ring to serve as a memento of their passionate night together.

'I guess I should,' William thought as he used his Wind Magic to lift Celine's body from the bed. He then took the white sheet inside his storage ring and hurriedly placed a new one, in order to remove any evidence.

"Pervert," Celine said as she opened her eyes. She was really asleep earlier, but the moment she sensed magic being used on her, she woke up, just in time to catch William in the act of putting the bed sheets in his storage ring.

William pretended that he didn't hear her and carried the Elf towards the bathroom to clean her up.

Eternity was an artifact where one could spend several days in closed training. Naturally, it had facilities like a house complete with all the necessities for someone to live there for an extended period of time.

William used his Fire and Water Magic and filled up the bathtub with warm water before placing the lady in his arms inside it.

Naturally, he also stepped into the tub and positioned himself behind her, letting her body lean over his chest. 

The two soaked in the water without saying a word. William's arms were wrapped around Celine's waist, holding her in place. William was hesitant to ask Celine a question, because he already knew what the answer would be.

Although she was with him now, Celine wouldn't change her decision to go to the Demonic Continent.


A day passed and then two…

William and Celine didn't leave Eternity and spent their days together. Celine told William about her childhood and her relationship with Celeste.

Contrary to his expectations, Celine had a good relationship with her twin sister. She added that both of them only treated each other coldly on the surface, so that the Elders of the Elven Council would think that they didn't get along.

"When I meet her, I will make sure to tell her about you," Celine said as she caressed William's head that was resting on her lap. 

The two of them spent their days like this. Neither wanted to break the atmosphere between the two of them, so they resorted to talking about random things, instead of asking each other where they both stood in their relationship.

William could tell that his Master didn't want to give him false hope, so he decided to respect her wishes. 

"Master, when I was young, Oliver told me to take the Seed of Life from Celeste after I traveled to the Central Continent," William stated. "He said that I should give it to you afterwards."

"Oh? He did?" Celine chuckled. It was then when a devilish smile appeared on your beautiful face. "Well, why not? I'm curious how she will react after you state your claim."

"Master, I can tell from your words that something bad will happen to me if I do that."

"You're just overthinking things."

Celine's body shuddered as she held back a giggle from escaping her lips. She was very curious about what would happen if William were to really do as he said. Naturally, she had an idea why Oliver asked this of William.

The beautiful Elf didn't know whether she should praise or nag the Parrot Monkey for doing things behind her back. Even so, one thing was certain. The Parrot Monkey had schemed against William and thrown him into the Lion's Den.


Of course, Celine wouldn't say anything because she wanted Celeste to know how shameless her Disciple was. She only hoped that during their first meeting, William wouldn't suffer too much from her twin sister's reaction to his demand.


Chapter 562

A few more days passed inside Eternity. 

William and Celine had made love with each other countless times. Everyday that passed, the fervor of their passion grew, as if they were making love with each other for the last time.

On their last night together, Celine took the initiative to pin William down and sat on top of him. This time, she would take the lead, and William didn't resist. He allowed her to do what she pleased, for the time they would spend together was coming to an end.

That night, William poured his heart to her. He gave her everything, and she accepted them all. 

After their intense love making, Celine laid on William's chest, and the latter held her in a firm embrace.

"Master, I will be waiting for you," William said softly. "When that time comes, let us sit down and talk about our relationship."

"Okay," Celine replied. Although it was only a word, it held a promise, and that was what William needed from her.

William sighed as he allowed himself to bask in Celine's softness and warmth. He then closed his eyes to look at his status page that had been recently updated.

< Familia >

< Third Familia Member >

-- Celine Dy Wisteria 

-- Host is able to use Darkness Domain

-- Host is able to use Dark Ray

-- Host has acquired Familia Oversoul Skill

-- Increase +30 enhancement bonus to all stats 

Strength of Stats and Abilities will increase, or decrease, depending on the Synchronization Rate between the host and his Familia Member. 


-- Synchronization Rate: 65%

Celine had been registered as William's Third Familia Member on their first night together. 

This meant that Celine was now one of William's women, but his Master didn't confirm nor deny it. Her goal was to see her sister, before going to the Demonic Continent to check on her Master's condition. 

Until she had seen her Master, Celine had no time to entertain romance in her life. Also, she was also worried about the Elven Prophecy that would soon come to pass. Celine didn't want William to be involved in her affairs, because this was her burden to deal with.

In time, the two fell asleep in each other's embrace. William felt terribly good feeling Celine's soft, warm, naked body nestled into his. This was the kind of intimacy that he didn't expect to share with his Master, who had been with him for many years.

An intimacy that he would not feel again, until the two of them reunited. 

They woke up around noon, and bathed together for the last time. After putting on their clothes, they walked out of Eternity side by side. 

The artifact shrank in size and transformed into a necklace. Celine took it in her hand and wore it, like she always did.

"Will, make sure that you return from the 51st Floor," Celine said as she squeezed his hand with her own. "Only by doing so will the two of us meet. The place you are going to is more dangerous than the Demonic Continent. Prioritize your safety, and Chiffon's, at all times."

"Yes, Master," William replied. "I promise that I will return safely. So, make sure to be safe as well."

Celine smiled and nodded her head. She gave William one last kiss on the forehead before William sent her outside the Thousand Beast Domain. 

The Half-Elf sighed and looked at the blue skies overhead. The two of them had already said their final goodbyes, and there was no use in prolonging the inevitable.

With a slightly heavy heart, William returned to the Villa where Chiffon was waiting for him.

When he arrived, Chiffon was already at the dining table eating pancakes. She was being served by Charmaine, and accompanied by B1, and B2, who were also eating pancakes beside her.

The Two Dumb Birds were quite fond of Chiffon and would often accompany her whenever she visited the Thousand Beast Domain and the Dungeon of Atlantis.

William was happy for her because she found friends that would accompany her and not make her lonely. His only concern was whether the vulgarities of the two birds would rub on the innocent girl.


"Good morning, Big Brother." Chiffon's face brightened as soon as she saw William. When she had woken up, he was not around, but she wasn't worried.

William had already told her that he might appear a bit late due to his training session with Celine.

"Good Morning, Chiffon," William replied as he sat on the chair beside her. He had already eaten breakfast with Celine, so he wasn't feeling hungry.

"Happy Birthday, Big Brother," Chiffon said. 

"Thank you."

"Here is my gift to you."

Chiffon stood up from her chair and gave the Half-Elf a chocolate lollipop. The corner of William's lips twitched because he didn't know whether he should laugh, or cry at the gift that the little girl was giving him. 

In the end, he thanked Chiffon and unwrapped the lollipop before putting it inside his mouth. It had been a while since he had eaten one, and it gave him a very nostalgic feeling. 

Its taste reminded him of his battle against the Celestial Army that was guarding the Heavenly Gate. 

'Zhu and Sha might have been born by now,' William thought as he remembered the two Demons that had helped him during the trial. 'I hope that both of them will find happiness in their new life.'

Seeing that William seemed to be enjoying the gift she gave him, the corner of Chiffon's lips raised a bit before returning her attention to the pancakes in front of her.

She had developed a habit of not wasting any food that was served to her. Chiffon carried the Sin of Gluttony. She knew more than anyone else in the world how it felt to be hungry and had nothing to eat.

While the two were spending some quality time together, two unexpected guests appeared inside the Villa.

Ian and Princess Sidonie walked in wearing their uniforms and they both made a beeline to William.

"Happy Birthday, Will."

"Happy Birthday, Darling!"


"Thank you."

Morgana was currently the one in charge of Princess Sidonie's body because her other half was still asleep. She had discussed a lot of things with Ashe till late in the night on how they would spend their night with William.

This was the day that they had been waiting for and the ever naughty Morgana had reached her limits.

"Darling, tonight, prepare yourself," Morgana whispered in William's ears. "Wait, I smell something funny."

Morgana wrinkled her nose as he sniffed around her. As the embodiment of Lust, it was very easy for her to identify the scent of lovemaking. 

It was at that moment when the lollipop fell out of William's mouth because he had forgotten his lover's special ability. 

"Darling~ did you by chance spend the night with a woman?" Morgana's sweet and devilish voice tickled William's ears. "Did you cheat on us?"

William lightly cleared his throat and decided to ride the tiger's back. This was the point of no return, so he decided to come clean and put all the blame on Celine!

After hearing William's story, Ian and Morgana glanced at each other. They had long known that Celine was William's Master, so they knew that he wasn't lying. Also, Chiffon was there to serve as witness.

In the end, Ian and Morgana could only sigh because the early bird had eaten William's worm. Their only concern was whether the Half-Elf could still do his duty as their lover after their class was over in the afternoon.

"Darling~ you can still do it, right?" Morgana pressed her arms over William's shoulders. "You left something for us, right?"

William gulped because right now, he had no more juice to spare because Celine had made sure to take everything for herself.

'S-System, look for the most powerful rejuvenation potion that you can find,' William ordered. 'It doesn't matter how much it is. As long as it brings my body to peak condition, anything is fine!'

< …Understood. >

Chiffon, who was still eating her pancake, looked at this scene in confusion. She was wondering what Morgana and Ian were talking about as they looked down at William with dissatisfied looks on their faces.

Fortunately, William was able to buy a powerful rejuvenation potion from the God Shop which helped him with his predicament. 


That night, he was sandwiched between two beauties, who were very eager to share their first times with him, not in a Dreamworld, but in the real world, where their love for each other blazed brightly amidst the darkness. 


Chapter 563

Traveling high above the clouds, a dark raven flew towards the East. 

Seated on its back was Celine. She had only parted with William an hour ago, and yet the distance between them had widened significantly. Deep inside, she was relieved that her disciple had grown up to be an outstanding man.

She had a taste on just how outstanding William was, in that one week that they had been together. 

Oliver, who was lurking in Celine's shadow, finally spoke up after the Tower of Babylon disappeared from view.

"Mistress, is Little Will perhaps…"

"No."

Celine cut off Oliver's question because she already knew what he was going to ask. 

"He's not the Prince in the Prophecy," Celine stated. "A crest didn't appear on my body."

"... I see."

When Celine offered herself up to William, it was her way of fighting against her destiny. She was one of the bride candidates for the prophesied Prince who would not only wreak havoc in the Silvermoon Continent, but the one who would cover the entire world in darkness.


Simply put, Celine took a gamble. If William was the Prince in the prophecy, she would cancel all her plans, to visit her sister and to go to the Demonic Continent, in order to be by his side. Her purpose was to prevent him from getting corrupted by darkness and turning the world upside down.

To be honest, Celine felt relieved that William wasn't the one in the prophecy, because it meant that her disciple wouldn't have to suffer and fall into corruption. 

The prophecy stated that when the prince appeared, and took either her or Celeste as his bride, a crest would appear on their body. This would prove that he was the Prince in the prophecy, a Prince that the Elves wanted to capture at all cost.

Celine wanted to be the one in control of her life. Whom she wanted to love, whom she wanted to dedicate her life to, she wanted the right to choose. She would not allow a prophecy to dictate her destiny.

She loved William, not as a man, but as her Disciple. Even so, she still chose him to be her first man. Celine would rather give her maidenhood to the Disciple she raised, than to a stranger who would deprive her of her freedom.

"Oliver, if you like, you can stay by William's side," Celine said softly. "You don't have to worry about me. As long as the Prince doesn't appear, I'll be safe wherever I go."

Oliver snorted before giving his reply, "Mistress. I am not Little Will's nanny. Also, he's no longer a child. He is now strong enough to stand on his own feet. Besides, there are many strong beings by his side. I'm sure that he would be safe without me."

Celine nodded her head in agreement. Although she didn't want to admit it. Not having Oliver with her would make her lonely. The Parrot Monkey not only served as her loyal retainer, but someone to talk to about important matters as well.

Kraetor Empire Capital, City of Azmar…

"Are the preparations for the tournament going well?" Emperor Leonidas asked Evexius who was standing beside his throne.


Evexius bowed, "Yes,Your Majesty."

"Good. Will that boy, William, participate?"

"I do not know, Your Majesty."

Evexius shook his head as he narrated the report that Gilbert had passed to him during their meeting at the Academy.

"Headmaster, Gilbert, said that William was going to the Tower of Babel to clear the 51st Floor of the Tower," Evexius reported. "He added that it was a revelation that William received from His Excellency, Aamon, when the boy went to his temple."

"Clear the 51st Floor of Babylon?" Emperor Leonidas snorted. "That sounds like a suicide mission. Either his Excellency hates the boy, or he is confident that William can clear it. What do you think, Evexius? Does that boy have what it takes to do something that you, me, and the rest of the champions of our Era failed to do?"

Evexius lowered his head as he pondered Emperor Leonidas' question. Frankly, he didn't believe that William would be able to accomplish what they had failed to achieve. Back then, He, along with Emperor Leonidas, as well as the Saints of the other Empires and Kingdoms, formed an alliance in order to pave the way for a new era. 

However, they failed miserably. If not for the help of the Eight Demigods in the Central Continent, they would have been trapped on the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon for eternity.

"I don't know whether William can clear that floor or not, Your Majesty," Evexius replied after careful consideration. "However, that person has a knack for reversing a hopeless situation into a hopeful one. Even if he can't clear it, I think being able to escape with his life is not a problem."

Emperor Leonidas closed his eyes. "For now, focus on the Grand Tournament. I want this to be perfect. Don't let me down, Evexius."


Evexius pressed his fist over his chest and bowed. "Your Majesty, is it true that this year, you will allow, not only the citizens of the Empire, but also anyone who wishes to participate? Even if it's from an enemy nation?"

"Yes," Emperor Leonidas answered with his eyes still closed. "It is time for our young warriors to experience what it's like to fight those who are outside our borders. Although things are quite peaceful now, what happened to the Southern Continent was a wake up call for everyone in the Central Continent. 

"They asked me to allow their prodigies to join the festivities as well. A council will be formed to set up the rules of the tournament and the prizes for the top three warriors. The scale of this tournament will be grander than any of the ones we had in the past. Evexius, I don't want any mishaps. Do I make myself clear?"

"I will do my best to meet your expectations, Your Majesty." Evexius bowed respectfully before leaving the throne room. 

The Grand Archamge of the Kraetor Empire hoped that the tournament that they would be hosting would proceed smoothly. He was also curious about who would become the champion of the young generation.

Evexius knew that whoever it was, that person would definitely rise in fame, not only in the Kraetor Empire, but in the entirety of the Central Continent as well.

Meanwhile inside Silverwind Academy…

'It has been a month since that Half-Elf was last seen,' Prince Jason thought as he looked outside of the window of his dormitory room. 'The tournament will start in a month and will continue for three weeks.'

Prince Jason stared at the bracelet on his wrist. This was the artifact that the Oracle of Aamon's Temple had given him, in order to counter William's ability to increase his Rank for a short period of time.

The Fifth Prince of the Kraetor Empire believed that if the two of them were in the same standing, The Half-Elf didn't have a chance of winning against him.


"You better be there, Half-Elf," Prince Jason muttered. "I can't wait to step on your face in front of everyone. I can't wait to see the despair on Sidonie's face when she sees you begging for mercy, while being crushed under my foot."


Chapter 564

William awoke to soft breathing sounds that tickled his ears. 

He glanced at the two beautiful girls that were currently nestled beside his body. They had spent a night of passion where they had consummated their love for each other. 

Ashe, Princess Sidonie, and Morgana milked him dry, and forced Little Will to wave his flag in surrender. Perhaps, it was their way of punishing William for spending his first time with his Master, who was now nowhere to be found.

It was also that night when William realized that Princess Sidonie's sin was not just for show. The moment she lost her chastity, the power of her Divinity bloomed and the Princess transformed into a Succubus. The moment she transformed, an exact replica of her separated from her body.

The newcomer was, of course, Morgana. 

The two beautiful girls, who looked exactly the same, made love to him like there was no tomorrow. 

Ashe's performance also didn't lose to Princess Sidonie, and Morgana. The mermaid had done the deed several times with William in the Dreamworld, so her union with the Half-Elf was just as intense, even though it was her first time in the real world. 

The relentless attacks of the three girls overwhelmed William. Even though he was already using his Incubus Job Class, he was unable to beat two ravenous succubi, and a jealous mermaid, who were out to milk him dry.

'I have no regrets,' William thought as he held the two beauties in his embrace. Morgana had already returned inside Princess Sidonie's Spiritual World to rest after she had her fill. 

William kissed the two sleeping girls on their forehead before closing his eyes to go back to sleep. He was still feeling exhausted, and decided to sleep for an hour or two to regain a little bit of his strength back.

'I need to buy a bigger bed. A bed that will be big enough for twelve people.'

These were William's last thoughts before his consciousness sank into sleep's embrace. 

Several hours later, he awoke in bed alone.

The two beauties were no longer there, but the evidence of their lovemaking remained in the sheets. William had no choice but to take all the evidence inside his storage ring to prevent a certain pink-haired girl from discovering them by accident.

William headed to the bathroom to take a bath, before going to the dining room to eat. 

The only person inside the residence was Charmaine. According to her, Chiffon had gone to the Atlantis Dungeon with B1, B2, Psoglav, and Erchitu. 

William thanked his personal maid because he had assigned Charmaine to prevent Chiffon from coming into his room at all cost. The little girl insisted on sleeping with William that night, like she always did for the past month, but Ashe and Princess Sidonie managed to convince her to rest in the guestroom for one night.

The two girls even made an excuse that they would be doing some secret training with William that shouldn't be leaked to outsiders. Chiffon was still half in doubt, but after William promised her that this was only a one time thing, she relented and slept with Charmaine in the guestroom.


Chiffon disliked being alone. This was why William asked his personal maid to accompany her to sleep. 

After eating his brunch, William drank a rejuvenation potion to speed up the recovery of his body. Today was the day when he was supposed to climb the Tower of Babylon with Chiffon, but he decided to postpone it for a day.

(A/N: Just in case any of you don't know what brunch is, it is a late morning meal eaten instead of breakfast and lunch. Thank you Google Senpai for the answer.)

William returned to his room and sat on the couch before closing his eyes. There was a place that he wanted to visit first, and he hoped that this time around, he would find something of interest.

Crafting the Devourer's Gauntlet using the recipe for the Titania's Gauntlets had been very profitable for William. Because of this, he decided to visit the Auction on a regular basis, hoping to see some treasures that were worth bidding for.

He was also paying attention to rare weapons that the system could help him replicate, to increase the levels of his Smithing and Artificer Job Classes.

'System, take me to the Auction of the Gods.'

< Understood. >

A few hours later…

William opened his eyes with a grin.

He left the Villa and asked the system to expand his Thousand Beast Domain another fourteen square miles. 

William spent 100,000 God Points for this expansion, but it was not over yet. He asked the system to create a forest in the Northeast Area of the domain to become the home of the new additions to his herd. 

The forest that the System made wasn't an ordinary forest, but an Enchanted Forest filled with rich Spiritual Energy. Now that William had God Points, it was perfectly fine for them to splurge a bit. 

The forest cost William 10,000 God Points, bringing the total expenses to 110,000. After everything was prepared, William opened the special feature of the God Shop which was called, Divine Bestiary.

This was where the followers of the Gods could store the beasts that they had bought in the auction before bringing them to their world. Since Beasts were living things, they needed a special storage space that could be used to store them.

Soon a five-meter-tall golden portal appeared beside William. It was the entrance to the Divine Bestiary which housed the Beasts that he had bought from the Auction of the Gods an hour ago.

"Ok, guys, time to come out," William ordered. "Welcome to your new home."

As if waiting for that cue, thirteen white Pegasi flew out of the portal one by one. There was a seller in the auction that auctioned a dozen of them, along with their Alpha, and this was something that William couldn't pass on no matter what.


Fortunately, not many were interested in rearing Pegasus because they were very proud, and aggressive creatures. They were very hard to tame, and all of them were Class A Beasts. 

Although they looked majestic, not everyone had the patience to make these beasts submit. Fortunately, William had two ways to make members of the herd submit. The first way was to have a peaceful negotiation.

The second way was to beat the crap out of them before using his Taming Skill to make them submit to him. Either way worked, so William wasn't too worried about taming any of them.

Among the thirteen Pegasus, four of them were female, which meant that William could allow them to breed and reproduce. 

The Pegasi looked at the unfamiliar surroundings with a curious gaze. They were currently inside the clearing of the Enchanted Forest that William had bought to serve as their home.

The most Majestic of them, the Alpha of the Herd, walked to William and raised its head in arrogance.

It was a Centennial Ranked Pegasus, and served as the leader of the group.

William stared at the arrogant, yet dumb, horse who was looking down on him. The Half-Elf had spent 700,000 God Points to buy them all in the auction, so he intended to make them submit at all cost.

"I can feel the aura of the Eternal Guardian coming from you," The Alpha Pegasus said through telepathy. "Speak! What do you want from us? Are you one of those mortals who wish for us to become your Mounts? Even if you are a disciple of the Eternal Guardian, we will not submit to you."

The Pegasus words were laced with disdain. It looked at William with ridicule and contempt. Its last owner wasn't able to tame him and his group, so he decided to put them on auction to gain some God Points.

"Yes," William replied. "The reason why I bought you and your group was so you would serve as my mounts."

The Alpha neighed fiercely and pawed the ground, as if preparing to attack William. 

"We will never submit to you!" the Alpha Pegasus said fiercely. "No one will be able to make us submit!"

Ten Minutes later…

"Boss, my Pegasi and I are at your service," the Alpha Pegasus said as it stood with shaking legs. Clearly, it was having trouble standing up and could collapse at any moment. "Please, take good care of us in the future."

William nodded his head with a smile. The spiked spear in his hand was still bloody after he impaled it in the Pegasus' bum numerous times until it begged for mercy.

The other Pegasi were huddled at the edge of the clearing, and looking at William with eyes filled with fear. They had been whipped before by their former master, but they endured it and stayed true to their goal of not allowing others to mount them.

However, after seeing William's barbaric approach to negotiation, all the Pegasi decided that it would be best to compromise than suffer the wrath of William's spiked spear. 


"Boss, we will agree to become mounts, however there is a condition," the Alpha Pegasus stated. "We can only be mounted by women. I'm sorry, but this is our bottom line."

"No problem," William replied. "Now, time for all of you to officially become part of my herd."

William raised his hand and used his Taming Skill to bind the Pegasi under his command. He was not someone that trusted the verbal promises of the Alpha Pegasus that was known for its stubbornness. 

After all the Pegasi had been successfully added to William's herd, he sent a mental message to Charmaine, as well as the twelve other elven ladies, who were currently residing in the Thousand Beast Domain.

He had already intended to make the Pegasi their flying mounts, so that they could help William in his future battles.

It didn't take long for the Pegasi, and the Elves to warm up to each other. Both parties were quite satisfied with the arrangement that William had made for them.

"Ladies, it will be your duty to take care of them," William said. "They will serve as your loyal companions on the battlefield. So, please, make sure to get along well."

The Elves and the Pegasi nodded their heads in acknowledgement of William's orders. 

"Charmaine, from now on, your unit will be called Valkyries," William declared. "You will be their leader. I will prepare a training regimen for your unit, so make sure to go to the Dungeon of Atlantis to train regularly during your free time."

"Yes, Young Master," Charmaine replied and bowed her head. "I will not let you down."

William smiled, "Good."

The Half-Elf left the group and allowed them to bond with each other more. Elves were known for their strong empathy to Magical Beasts, so William was sure that it wouldn't take long before they would get the hang of aerial warfare.

Also, William could use Rhongomyniad and bestow upon them the Aerial Cavalier Job Class, which would speed up the process of their proficiency. 

William checked his status page to check on how many God Points he had left. When he met Lily and the other Gods at the Auction, he tried to pay them back with the God Points that they had loaned him.

However, the Gods just smiled and told him to keep the points because they were just small change for them. Issei, Lily, David, and Lady Eros knew that William needed the God Points more than they needed them.

God Points: 3,440,042

'Just over three million,' William thought as he teleported to the Dungeon of Atlantis to find Chiffon and the others. For now, he intended to save his points and use them only when it was necessary.

He had a feeling that his remaining God Points would come in handy when he made it to the 51st Floor that no one had managed to conquer for the last thousand years.



Chapter 565

When the Tower of Babylon appeared in the world of Hestia, many people believed that it was a tower that had been built by Gods.

Back then, a declaration was heard by every living thing in the world, asking them to challenge the Tower and seek the riches that were hidden within.

This story happened a thousand years after the Dark Era of Humanity. Since then, millions of people have made a pilgrimage to the tower to seek fame and fortune. Many failed, and only a select few succeeded.

Each floor was supervised by a Guardian. Some called them Deities, some Administrators, and some simply called them Gods.

The people who had first cleared the floors made a contract with these Guardians, and became the rulers of the Domain. Naturally, they were also there to reinforce the rules that the Guardian had set, and allowed the others to challenge the tower. 

No ruling family, or faction, was allowed to prevent anyone from climbing the tower. If they were to do so, their qualifications would be stripped from them, and others would be allowed to take their place.

For thousands of years, the people that had ruled the different floors prospered. Their clans held power, similar to the Royal Family of the different Empires and Kingdoms in the Central Continent.

Perhaps, due to their unshakeable position, some of these ruling clans had developed a tendency to abuse their authority, and harassed the challengers of the tower. 

There were times when they even forced them to become their subordinates, with the promise of allowing them to climb the other floors with their backing.

William sat at a table and read all the information about the 49 Families that ruled the tower. He got the information from the Merchant's Guild that was located in the City of Babylon. Although the price he paid was quite high, the information he gained from it was worth every gold coin.

Chiffon was eating an apple pie by his side, as she waited for William to finish what he was doing. Today was the day that they would start climbing the tower, and she was quite excited to embark on an adventure with William.

It was said that if you managed to climb up to the 100th Floor of Babylon, a wish of yours would be granted. William had no intention of doing that. He only wanted to clear the 51st Floor before returning to Aamon's Temple to take on the second quest he prepared for him.


'The 2nd, 9th Floor, 16th Floor, 23rd Floor, 37th, 41st, 45th, and 49th floors are the floors where player enslavement had been confirmed,' William thought. 'I better be alert when I am on those floors. It would be best if no unforeseen events happen.'

(A/N: The people who climb the towers are called challengers or players. They will be interchanged from time to time.)

After letting the System compile all the information that he had gathered, the two finally headed towards the first floor of the tower.

The first floor of the Tower was called Genesis.

Only those that were able to clear the Guardian's test would be allowed to start climbing the tower. Those who failed would be banned from entering the tower for a year. 

According to the information, challengers were able to gain tokens whenever they cleared the tests of the Guardians. Depending on how well they performed, it was possible to earn many tokens, which they could exchange for items, weapons, artifacts, and other unique materials that were only available inside the Tower of Babylon.

William was quite interested in these items and wondered if they were better than the ones that were being sold in the God Shop.

No one owned the First Floor of the Tower, because this was the starting point of everyone. According to the information he received, the Guardian of the First Floor was a Goblin. 

In order for them to advance to the Second Floor, they must choose one of the four trials that would test their ability. As long as they passed one of these trials, they would be allowed to proceed to the next floor with ease.

"Welcome to Genesis," a Hobgoblin greeted William, and Chiffon, as they entered the main entrance of the Tower. "My name is Dobbie, and I will be your guide on the first floor of the Tower." 

"Hello, Dobbie," William replied. "We would like to take the test of the tower."

"Certainly, please, proceed this way," Dobbie bowed as he made a gesture for William and Chiffon to follow him.


The First Floor of the Tower was quite crowded. Many rookies could be seen chatting with each other, as their Hobgoblin guides explained to them the rules of the tests.

William and Chiffon were wearing enchanted robes with a hood to prevent others from knowing their identity. These robes were also being sold in the City of Babylon, and its effects would only work inside the tower.

The Half-Elf didn't want to attract trouble, so he decided to play it safe.

After walking for ten minutes, they arrived in front of a red door. Dobbie opened the door and made a gesture for the two to enter.

After entering the door, four more doors appeared in front of the two teenagers. William had already known what kind of tests the Floor of Genesis were giving. He even had a plan prepared. The only problem was whether his plan would work or not.

"There are four tests that you can choose from," Dobbie said as he stood in front of William. 

"The First Door leads to the Trial of Blades."

"The Second Door leads to the Trial of Senses."

"The Third Door leads to the Trial of Fate."

"The Fourth Door leads to the Trial of Dominion."

Dobbie paused for a short while before bowing, "Please, choose the trial you wish to take."

The guides of the tower weren't allowed to divulge what lay behind the doors. However, the people who managed to pass these trials had already shared the information with everyone. 


This means that anyone who had made necessary preparations could clear these trials and gain the approval of the Guardian to proceed to the next stage. If they liked, they could even try to clear more than one trial to gain more tokens, so they could exchange for the things inside the tower sooner.

Among the four doors, three were commonly used by people. The Fourth Door was something that no one wanted to challenge because of its absurd difficulty. 

Each trial could be challenged by a team. The maximum number per team is eight people. The more people there were, the lesser the rewards. This made clearing the Genesis Floor easier. Even so, no one dared to challenge the Fourth Door after a survivor managed to escape using a forbidden technique.

The survivor shared his experience, and swore an oath to the Gods that everything he said was true. After getting confirmation from one of the Oracles in the Temple, affirming the survivor's words, nobody chose to challenge the Fourth Door ever again.

"I choose the Fourth Door," William said as he firmly held Chiffon's hand. "This person will accompany me inside."

The Hobgoblin smiled and nodded its head. "As you wish."

With a wave of its hand, all the other doors disappeared except for the Fourth Door. 

"May the Guardian smile upon your choice," the Hobgoblin bowed before opening the door. He had been guiding challengers for nearly ten years in the Tower of Babylon. 

The Hobgoblin knew that it would never see these two people again, because they were about to die a brutal death. Since that was the case, the least he could do was to be courteous and wish them luck for the choice they made. 

A powerful suction pulled William and Chiffon inside the door. The pink-haired girl subconsciously clung to her Big Brother's arm as both of them entered a world of darkness.

"Hmm?" The Guardian of the First Floor opened its eyes because someone had chosen the Fourth Door of the trial on the floor that it administered. 

It had been over a hundred years since someone had chosen the Fourth Trial, and the Guardian wondered if some unlucky fool had been kicked in the head by a donkey to make such a suicidal choice.


"Well, I guess, it's time for me to know what this idiot looks like." The Guardian yawned before heading towards the trial grounds where the test was held. 

He wanted to see for himself the kind of face the challenger would have once he saw what lay beyond the door of Dominion.


Chapter 566

Dark-red clouds loomed above the heavens and the ground under their feet was rough and uneven. 

William and Chiffon felt their strength decreasing at a rapid rate. The Half-Elf had already reached the initial stages of the Mithril Rank, while Chiffon was in the initial stages of the Platinum Rank.

(A/N: Mithril Rank is equivalent to Class A Beasts. Platinum is equivalent to Class B Beasts.)

However, right now, both of their Ranks continued to regress. After two minutes, both of their Ranks stopped at the Bronze Rank (Class E). 

William flexed his right arm and tested his body's reaction time.

'The laws of this floor is the real deal,' William thought as he did some stretching exercises. 'Although my rank decreased, my fighting ability remains intact.'

According to the last survivor, the Fourth Trial was impossible to clear. There were two reasons for this.

The first one was that whoever chose this trial would have their strength sapped away from their body, until they reached the Bronze Rank. 

If it was only a regression in rank then it wouldn't be such a big deal. However, what they would face after being stripped of their strength was simply asking them to die.

William looked at the farthest point of his vision and saw a red fog, moving in their direction. When the fog was only a mile away from them, several figures emerged from it, each armed with a weapon of their own.

Hundreds…

Thousands…

Tens of thousands…

Hundreds of thousands…

A million…

Chiffon's eyes widened when she saw the familiar looking creatures that were marching towards their direction with the intention to kill.

'Looks like that survivor's testimony is correct,' William mused as he eyed the million strong army that had made this trial impossible to clear for normal people.

Yes. The reason why the survivor said that the fourth trial was impossible to clear was due to the fact that after he was stripped of his power, he had to face an army of Goblins that numbered in the millions.

Even if that person was a former Saint, there was no way they could defeat this kind of army even if they had eight members in their team.

"Kcatta!" The Hobgoblin Leader raised its sword and shouted.

""Kcatta!""

""Kcatta!""


""Kcatta!""

After making his declaration known, the Hobgoblin leader points its weapon to William and ran forward, leading the charge.

""Kcatta!"" 

The ground trembled as the entire goblin army charged forward, brandishing their weapons. Chiffon frowned as she held William's hand tighter. The Half-Elf squeezed her hand back to assure her that everything was under control.

A portal appeared in front of William and four figures emerged from it.

Xerxes, the Hobgoblin Arcane Doctor, who was seated on top of its Salamander Beast Companion. 

Rex, the Hobgoblin Chieftain who was mounted on top of a Trollhound. 

Sharx, the Goblin Marauder who was mounted on top of his mount, Sparky.

And a two-meter-tall Goblin wearing a white, full body armor. It was holding a blue sword in its right hand, and a silver-round-shield in the other. It was seated on top of a Flying Tiger that William had bought in the Auction House for thirty thousand God Points.

His name was Jareth, the Goblin Paladin, the new addition to the officers of William's Goblin Army, and boasted the highest attack power among all the Goblins under his command. 

Due to the laws of the trial, all of their ranks had also regressed to Class E Beasts. However, William's purpose for summoning them was not to fight the Goblin Army but to recruit them!

Jareth urged his mount forward and fearlessly faced the charging Goblins head-on. Xerxes, Rex, and Sharx, followed behind him. Just like humans, Goblins had a hierarchy as well. 

The strongest Goblin would become the King, and everyone else had to submit to his will.

Just as William expected, the frontrunners of the Goblin Army slowed down their advance. The goblins at the back also felt the presence of a strong Goblin and their instincts kicked in. 

"Ohw si ruoy redael?" Jareth asked. "Emoc tou dna thgif!"

(Who is your leader? Come out and fight!)

(A/N: If you can understand Goblin Language then you must be a goblin as well. Kekeke!)

The Goblin Army glanced at each other before looking behind them.

At the very rear of the army, a black goblin that was three meters tall stepped forward. It brandished its war axe left and right, and glared at Jareth who was looking back at it with a calm expression.

William arched an eyebrow and used his appraisal skill to see this type of Goblin that he had never seen before.

< Dark Goblin Warmonger >

(Rank Suppressed to Class E)


-- Goblin War Commander

-- Threat Level: SS (Low)

-- Millennial Beast

-- Cannot be added to the herd

-- The Dark Goblin Warmonger is a new breed of Goblin that evolved due to the need for war. It is a very aggressive Goblin Commander that was known to attack less fortified Human cities in order to expand its territory.

-- It is also known to forcefully assimilate goblin encampments into its army to bolster its rank. 

-- It has the ability Titan Form, which allows it to increase its size up to ten meters, tripling its strength and fighting prowess.

'Oh, this is one tough cookie to beat,' William thought as he eyed the Dark Goblin Warmonger in front of him. 'However, it doesn't matter. Jareth will be able to handle it.'

A devilish smile appeared on William's face as he looked at the Goblin Paladin that he had bought for Ten Million Dungeon Points. 

< Jareth >

(Rank Suppressed to Class E)

-- Goblin Paladin

-- Divine Champion

-- Threat Level: SS (Mid)

-- Millennial Beast

-- Chosen Deity: Keem Shin

-- A rare breed of Goblin that was said to hold great courage, strength, and intellect. It is not an exaggeration to call it the Champion of all Goblins due to its powerful presence in the battlefield.

-- The Goblin Paladin can choose to become the follower of a God. Upon doing so, they will be able to use Divine Powers in the Mortal Realm and fight for the cause they believed in.

-- Jareth has chosen Keem Shin as his Patron God, which enabled the Goblin Paladin to wield his powers.

< Skills granted by Keem Shin >

(Keem Shin is the God of Goblins)

-- Weapon Master


Allows the Goblin Paladin to wield any kind of weapon and use it effectively in battle.

-- Regeneration

Allows the Goblin Paladin to recover from its injuries over the passage of time. Although this regeneration ability is weaker than the Hydra and Mountain Troll, it will still be enough to allow the goblin to regrow any part of its body (with the exception of its heart and brain) within an hour after it was destroyed. 

-- Supernatural Strength

Thrice a day, the Goblin Paladin can increase its stats by an additional 100%

-- Supernatural Senses

The Goblin Paladin can increase its sense of taste, smell, touch, sight, and hearing, tenfold if needed. 

-- Supernatural Resilience

Able to endure powerful attacks and recover at a faster rate.

-- Supernatural Mobility

The Goblin Paladin can blink ten meters away from its location consecutively. This ability lasts for half a minute, and has a cooldown period of five minutes.

-- Healing

Due to the blessing of its chosen Deity, Keem Shin, the Goblin Paladin has the power to heal others.

-- Energy Blast

Gives the Goblin Paladin the ability to channel the magical energy in its surroundings, and create an energy blast to push away its surrounding enemies. 

-- Divine Shield

Any attack that the Goblin Paladin's Shield will receive will be reduced by 50%

-- Light Manipulation

The Goblin Paladin is a being blessed by the power of Light Magic. It can effectively cast any rank of light magic up to the 7th Circle.

'That ten million dungeon points is worth it.' William smirked. 'Show them what you can do Jareth, and nab me a million more goblins for my Goblin Army!'

Unknown to William, the Guardian of the Floor of Genesis was looking at this scene with a dumbfounded expression. 

'Someone found a loophole in the trial I made,' The Guardian thought while scratching its head. Although the duel between the two Goblin Commanders hadn't started yet, it had a nagging feeling that the worst was yet to come.



Chapter 567

The Goblin Paladin and the Dark Goblin Warmonger faced each other.

William and the Goblin Army stood far away from both combatants in order to not get in the way of their battle.

The Dark Goblin Warmonger was a meter taller than The Goblin Paladin and looked more intimidating. However, Jareth's holy presence wasn't something that could be ignored either.

Both fighters had taken their fighting stance and circled each other. At the blink of an eye, both Goblins clashed against each other, making the ground under their feet burst apart. A second later, Jareth jumped to the side and evaded The Goblin Warmonger's follow up attack.

After the initial clash, Jareth realized that the Goblin Warmonger was stronger than him in regards to body strength. Although the Goblin's Paladin's rank was higher than his opponent, he was an all rounder. 

The Dark Goblin Warmonger, on the other hand, was a creature that specialized in physical strength. This gave it an upper hand in their initial clash.

Emboldened that it was stronger than its enemy, the Goblin Warmonger unleashed a flurry of blows that forced Jareth to dodge and keep his distance.

Seeing that their champion had the advantage, the goblins raised their weapons and cheered. Xerxes, Sharx, and Rex, also started to cheer for Jareth. They had full confidence in him for he was the strongest Goblin in their ranks.

After a minute of dodging, Jareth suddenly took the initiative to close the distance, and used his shield to bash the body of his opponent, breaking the Goblin Warmonger's momentum.

This attack caught his enemy by surprise, and was unable to regain his balance right away. Jareth didn't miss this opportunity and thrust his sword towards his opponent's chest to claim his victory.

However, something unexpected happened. 

Sensing that its life was in danger, the Goblin Warmonger immediately activated its Titan Form, increasing its body size instantly. 


Jareth's sword pierced through the Titan's knees, missing the opportunity to end its opponent's life. 

The Goblin Warmonger roared and kicked its opponent away with the intention of breaking all of Jareth's bones. 

Unfazed by this sudden change of events, Jareth used his Supernatural Mobility to blink behind his opponent, and slashed the Goblin Warmonger's calves. 

'Too shallow,' William thought as he observed the battle from afar. 

Just like he thought, Jareth's attack was only able to deal a flesh wound to his opponent. The Goblin paladin hastily backed away because it realized that its current tactics won't work against its oversized opponent.

'I've never seen a Goblin as smart as this one.' The Guardian rubbed his chin in appreciation. 'I want to add him to my collection.'

The enraged Goblin Warmonger ran towards The Goblin Paladin with the intention of stomping him to death. 

Thanks to his Supernatural Mobility, Jareth was able to evade these frenzied attacks. The Goblin Paladin distanced himself from his enemy, while gathering the energy in his surroundings to deliver a lethal blow to its adversary.

William didn't expect that he would be able to witness this kind of battle against two combatants, whose power levels had been downgraded to the bare minimum. 

The blue sword in Jareth's hand glowed brightly. Light extended from its tip, forming a longer blade that shone brightly, amidst the dark-red sky that loomed over their heads. 

"Rise at the face of Adversity," Jareth shouted as he pulled back his sword, just like a baseball bat preparing to be swung. ",and overwhelm all opposition! Laugh for me! Joyeuse!"

(A/N: I translated it to make things easier for everyone. No need to thank me *wink wink*)


Jareth released the shield in his hand and held his sword, Joyeuse, with both hands. A humming sound reverberated in the battlefield as the blade of light extended several meters in length. 

The Goblin Paladin then swung it with all of its might at the approaching Titan, whose weapon was ready to meet his blow.

A blinding flash of light illuminated the surroundings when the two weapons clashed, which forced everyone to cover their eyes. 

Only the Guardian of Genesis didn't avert his gaze to see the final conclusion of the battle. Within that white world, the giant war axe was split in two. Joyeuse went past the Goblin Warmonger's body, drawing the conclusion to the battle.

'Good!' the Guardian grinned happily at the wonderful display that the Goblin Paladin had shown in battle. However, the grin on his face disappeared when he noticed something unexpected.

The white world receded, and William once again opened his eyes. The Dark Goblin Warmonger had returned to its normal size and laid face down on the ground.

Jareth, on the other hand, stood straight and tall with its cape fluttering in the wind. His blue sword had already regained its normal form. A soft hum was heard in the wind. It was as if the Joyeuse was saying that it had enjoyed the battle that had transpired.

The Goblin Paladin faced the million strong Goblin Army and raised his word up high. A few seconds later, a resounding cheer spread across the trial floor as the Goblins swore their allegiance to their new leader.

"Why?"

A hoarse sound reached Jareth's ears. The Goblin Paladin glanced at the Goblin Warmonger that was still lying on the ground.

"Why didn't you kill me?" the Goblin Warmonger asked. 

The Goblin Paladin sheathed his weapon before walking towards his fallen adversary. 


"I didn't kill you because I admire your strength," Jareth said. "If possible, I want to fight side by side with you on the battlefield."

"You will regret this. When I recover my strength, I will challenge you again. This time, the victor will be me."

"Go ahead. Challenge me as many times as you want. The result will still be the same."

The Goblin Warmonger raised its head to look at the Goblin Paladin that had knelt beside him. 

"Where is your confidence coming from?" the Goblin Warmonger asked as it forced itself to try to stand. However, due to its injuries, it wasn't able to lift its body from the ground.

Jareth extended his hand to help as a gesture of friendship. The Goblin Warmonger looked at his hand for a moment before firmly grabbing it with its own hand. 

The Goblin Paladin smiled, while pulling his new comrade to stand by his side. 

"You ask where my confidence is coming from, right?" Jareth asked. "My confidence lies in him."

The Goblin Paladin's gaze landed on the red-headed teenager who had a confident smile on his face. 

"I see," the Goblin Warmonger replied. "Fine. Let me see if this confidence of yours will stand the test of time. When that confidence of yours wanes, it will be my time to make you my subordinate."

Jareth didn't reply, and simply nodded his head. Deep inside, the Goblin Paladin was smiling evilly. He was looking forward to seeing the expression of his new comrade at arms when the latter discovered the forces under William's command.

By then, all the doubts in the Goblin Warmonger's mind would disappear. Perhaps, it would even become his rival, in getting the good graces of the Half-Elf that had a penchant for attracting all kinds of troubles that came his way.



Chapter 568

"That was wonderful. Bravo!" a voice filled with admiration was heard coming from the sky.

William raised his head and saw what seemed to be a green-skinned man with a black mane draped over his shoulder.

The strange man was over two meters tall and had above average looks. Even though this was the first time William was seeing him in this life, he was aware of the man's identity.

The man's name was Xod. He was the Guardian assigned to the First Floor of the Tower of Babylon.

"You passed this trial with flying colors, and may I say, that was the most amazing performance I have seen in my lifetime!" Xod declared. "However, you're making a very big mistake here. The goblins on this floor all belong to me. You can't take them without my permission."

William smiled and nodded his head in understanding. "I see. I apologize for my rudeness, your Excellency."

The information he received from the Merchant Guild informed him that Xod would often show himself during the trials, whenever he found something of interest. 

William hoped that the Guardian wouldn't show himself during his trial, so that he could smuggle the Goblin Army into his Thousand Beast Domain. Unfortunately, Xod appeared, so he wouldn't be able to proceed with the plan he had in mind.

"But, after seeing that duel, I think the two of us can come to an agreement," Xod stated as he looked at Jareth with great interest. He appraised the Goblin Paladin like a connoisseur who had an obsession when it came to a new breed of goblins. 

Xod stared at Jareth for half a minute, before shifting his attention back to William.

"Your reward for clearing this trial is Four Thousand Tokens," Xod said. "These tokens are used as currency inside the Tower of Babylon. 

"You can use these tokens to buy exclusive items in the Babylon Shop, or just spend them however you wish as you climb the tower. Now, let's return to the topic at hand. I see that you are interested in my goblins, right?"

"Yes, Your Excellency," William replied. 

"Well, at least you are honest. Now, how about we make a trade? I will give you my Goblin Army, as well as an additional Five Thousand Tokens for that Goblin wearing a knight's armor." Xod pointed at Jareth with a grin. "Not only that, I can use my authority as a Guardian, and allow you to jump straight to the 10th Floor of Babylon. So, are you up for a trade?"

Xod believed that the offer he gave William was something the boy couldn't resist. Although he thought that it was overkill to pay that much for a single goblin, the Guardian of the First Floor wasn't able to resist its exclusive Hobby.

And that Hobby was collecting rare breeds of Goblins.

Xod was a being that came from another world. Nor was he the only one; all the Guardians of the Tower were beings that were not native to the World of Hestia. 

"Okay deal," William replied with a smile. "Let's trade."


Xod arched his eyebrow as he stared at the red-headed teenager who was looking at him as if he had struck a great bargain.

"Jareth, sorry, but this is where we will part," William said as he patted the Goblin Paladin's arm. "Take care of yourself, okay?"

"I will," Jareth flashed William a refreshing smile. 

Xod watched this scene in confusion. He was expecting that William would reject his offer, or bargain with him to raise the stakes. However, not only did the Half-Elf do that, he even agreed to his proposal in a heartbeat.

As if afraid that the Guardian would go back on his word, William opened several portals in front of the Goblin Army. Xerxes, Sharx, and Rex, went to work and started herding the Goblins towards the portals that led to the Thousand Beast Domain. 

Sharx stood on top of his mount, Sparky, and raised his chin in arrogance. 

"Any goblin who wants to be as strong as I, enter the portal," Sharx announced. "I will teach you how to ride a Doge!"

The Goblin Marauder then glanced at Xod and gave the Guardian a smile, before returning his attention to the goblin army.

All the Goblins looked at him in awe. In their eyes, they wanted to be just like Sharx and own a powerful mount like the one he was seated upon.

"Okay, everyone please line up," Xerxes ordered. "Come inside the portals in an orderly manner. No pushing, okay?"

Xerxes also turned his head to look at Xod. It even bowed his head showing how happy it was. 

The Hobgoblin Shamans' on the other hand were looking at Xerxes in admiration. They could instinctively feel that the Hobgoblin Arcane Doctor was one of the branches of evolution that was available to them. 

All the Goblins' desires to become strong made them increase their pace to enter the portals. 

William looked at this scene with satisfaction, while Xod blinked his eyes in confusion. The stares of the Half-Elf's goblins made him feel uncomfortable. It was as if he had been given the short end of the stick in the deal he made with the red-headed teenager. 

"W-Wait, I changed my mind," Xod said as he placed his hand on William's shoulder. "I no longer want your Goblin."

"Um? Why?" William asked in confusion. "Didn't we already make the deal? Are you going back on our deal?"

"Yes, we've already made a deal," Xod answered. "But, I changed my mind. I think I am on the losing end of this transaction."

William chuckled internally because the gamble he had taken had paid off. According to the information he got from the Merchant Guild, Xod had a mild case of Paranoia. 


If things were going too smoothly for the Guardian, Xod would think that something was wrong, and would immediately think of a way to back out of the agreement he personally proposed. 

Right now, Half of the Goblin Army had already passed through the portals, and it would take a few more minutes before all of them had been smuggled away.

"This is no good," William said as he shook his head. "We already made a deal. Wouldn't your reputation take a hit if you were to renege our deal?"

Xod frowned. Although he was akin to a Demigod inside the Tower, there were certain rules that bound him in place that prevented him from directly harming the challengers on the floor he managed. 

Also, William had passed his trial, and received the Tower's approval. It would reflect badly on Xod's record if he were to casually break an agreement that he himself proposed.

'It's fine. They are just ordinary goblins,' Xod tried to convince himself internally. 'A million Goblins in exchange for a Goblin Paladin is worth it.'

William smirked and turned around to look at the new additions to his army. He muttered something in a barely audible voice that made Xod's expression become grim.

"A million goblins for a Goblin Paladin, what a steal! I have over ten thousand Goblin Paladins, so losing one isn't a big deal. Fortunately, he only asked for one. What a sweet bargain!"

Xod was capable of knowing everything that happened inside his domain. Because of this, even the faintest whispers could easily reach his ears. Right now, his full attention was on William. It would be impossible for him to miss the teenager's casual mumbling.

'No good! I got scammed!' Xod almost lost his composure. If this news was to reach the other Guardians of the Tower, he would be so embarrassed to show himself in their Gathering Hall.

He couldn't allow that to happen!

"Boy, we need to talk," Xod said in a voice that wouldn't accept no for an answer.

William glanced at the Guardian. "Yes?"

"Like I said earlier, this transaction is unfair," Xod smiled. "Because of this, we will change the contents of our agreement. I will sell you the million strong goblin army for two thousand Tokens."

William rubbed his chin with a frown. "I will only agree if you sell them to me for five hundred Tokens. Any higher than that and the deal is off."

"Okay deal! Mind you, if you go back on your word, I will kick you out of the tower and ban your entry."

"... Fine. I agree to this condition."

William lowered his head and sighed. He then reluctantly fished out five Golden Tokens from his storage ring and gave it to Xod with an aggrieved expression. This brought down William's Token Count to 3,500 Tokens. 


(A/N: Each Golden Token is worth a hundred tokens.) 

"8500 Tokens, I could have bought a lot of items in the tower for that." William sighed for the second time. 

Seeing William's dejected face, Xod felt better and nodded his head in satisfaction. 

"I like working with smart people," Xod said as he patted William's shoulder. "There are times when people need to take a step back, to ensure that the bridges will not be burned down. You did the right thing in agreeing to my request. Also, don't mention what happened here to the other Guardians, okay?"

William sighed for the third time before nodding his head. He was like a gambler that had lost his life savings in a bet, which made Xod feel that he got the upper hand in the deal.

After all the Goblins, including Jareth, Xerxes, Sharx, and Rex, had safely returned to the Thousand Beast Domain, William closed the portal and held Chiffon's hand.

"Your Excellency, please, send us to the next floor," William said in a dejected tone. 

Xod nodded his head and clapped his hand. Soon William and Chiffon disappeared from the trial room and turned into beams of light headed towards the Second Floor of the Tower.

After arriving at the Second Floor of the Tower, the first thing that William did was to go back to the Thousand Beast Domain with Chiffon, to increase the number of floors in the Goblin Crypt. 

Right now, The Goblin Crypt had Sixty Five Floors and was undergoing a massive renovation, in order to accommodate the new goblins that had joined his ranks. 

Due to the war, William's army had swelled to nearly a million. They were mostly composed of Goblins, the Beasts in the Thousand Beast Domain, the Revenants from the Minotaur Race, under Erchitu's command, and Revenant Centaurs, under Bastian. 

With the addition of the goblins from the tower, William's forces were now nearly two million. 

Earlier, he had talked to Jareth, Xerxes, Sharx, and Rex, to act as if they were very happy with the deal he made with Xod. He was hoping that the Guardian would feel something was off and trigger his paranoia.

William wasn't worried even if Xod decided to not cancel the agreement. He had already made a backup plan, which would forcefully summon Jareth back to his side after leaving the Tower. This would not leave any kind of Trace, and the Guardian couldn't accuse William of anything.

How could he possibly allow his prized Goblin Paladin to be taken away from him? William had no intention of doing so. William could only have one Goblin Paladin at a time, and he had spent Ten Million Dungeon Points to get him.

When William mumbled that he had over ten thousand Goblin Paladins, his intention was to lower Jareth's value in Xod's eyes. Collectors only appreciate something if they are rare. 

If they were all over the place like cabbages, he would feel that the deal was not worth it. 

William used the Guardian's paranoia and collector's mindset to lay a trap for him. Fortunately, it worked and the Half-Elf didn't have to resort to his Plan B.


The Half-Elf spent half a day inside the Thousand Beast Domain to fix everything. While he was busy with his remodeling, Xerxes, Sharx, Rex, and the Goblin Warmonger took the Goblins to the Atlantis Dungeon and helped them familiarize themselves with the place.

William hoped that after a few months, the new Goblins would all evolve to stronger forms, which would immediately increase the strength of the forces under his command.


Chapter 569

After William and Chiffon had left the First Floor of Babylon, Xod had started to feel uneasy. 

This feeling was very uncomfortable, so he decided to return to the Guardian Hall, where the other Guardians resided.

Each Guardian was tasked to become the administrator of a floor. Naturally, the floors that had already been conquered had "owners" who had made a contract with the Guardians after clearing their trials for the first time.

Among all the floors, the Genesis Floor which Xod supervised was the only exception to this rule. Since it was the floor that tested whether the challengers had qualifications to climb the tower or not, no ruling family could claim it as their own.

"Oogwei, I need your wisdom," Xod approached a foot-long black turtle who was busy reading a book. "I want to use your Index."

The turtle gave Xod a side-long glance before casually flipping the page of its book. "That is Master Oogwei to you, Xod. What is it this time? I thought I told you to stop bothering me."

The small turtle was the Guardian of the Third Floor of the Tower. Among all the guardians, he was the most well informed and knew many things about the multiverse they were currently in.

"I want you to check on how rare a Goblin Paladin is."

"You and your fetish with Goblins. Scram and leave me alone!"

Xod coaxed the little turtle by promising to give it a bowl of lettuce. Oogwei reluctantly agreed to the green-skinned man's request, after a bowl of lettuce was placed in front of it.

"What do you want to know again?" Oogwei asked as it summoned a black book in front of it. 

Xod repeated his request about finding the rarity of the Goblin Paladin that he had seen earlier. The little turtle snorted and the black book opened by itself.

It stopped at a page where a Goblin, wearing dazzling armor, a sword, and a shield, was seen polishing its weapon.

< Goblin Paladin >

Rarity: SSR+


-- Only one Goblin Paladin is born among a billion goblins.

-- A Goblin Paladin's Rank after evolution will start at the Millennial Rank.

-- It's next form, Goblin Sovereign, pushes its rank to the Myriad Rank.

-- This is the strongest Goblin in Existence

"That scammer!" Xod shouted in anger. "He tricked me!"

Xod's shout was so loud that Oogwei and the other Guardians looked at him with dumbfounded expressions. This was the first time they had seen their colleague act this way, and their interest was quite piqued.

"You got scammed?" Oogwei asked with a smirk. "Who scammed you? I want to meet that person."

'Oh, Sh*t!' 

Xod had completely forgotten where he was and acted on impulse. The other guardians approached him as if they were paparazzi looking for juicy gossip.

Xod's green skin wasn't able to help him from turning beet-red out of shame and anger. He hastily returned to his own Domain to escape the inquiry of his acquaintances, and to think of a way on how to take his revenge on the Half-Elf that was currently out of his reach.

After seeing Xod leave, the smirk on Oogwei's face widened as he shifted his attention to the book in front of it.

"Hack the visual records of the First Floor for the past 24 hours," Oogwei ordered. "Find the reason why Xod became upset."

[Understood.]

The pages turned and stopped on what seemed to be a war that was about to begin. Oogwei scrutinized the red-headed teenager with curiosity and watched everything unfold. The little turtle chuckled when it saw Xod try to break the deal that he made with the Half-Elf, due to the latter's first-class acting skills.

"This person has guts," Oogwei muttered before giving out another order. "Find his location on the second floor."


[Understood.]

[Target not found on the second floor.]

[Cannot do a full sweep due to the floor's restriction.]

The little turtle frowned. If the book told him that William wasn't on the second floor then it means that he really wasn't on the second floor. It then asked the book to check if his target had already appeared on the Third Floor, but the answer was still negative.

Oogwei pondered for a bit, before giving out another order.

"Inform me as soon as his presence is detected inside the Tower. It doesn't matter what floor he is on. Notify me as soon as a match is made."

[Understood.]

William was currently sleeping inside his Villa at the Thousand Beast Domain. Setting up the place where the Goblins would stay took most of his time and energy. 

As soon as he was done, William had dinner with Chiffon and went to sleep. Chiffon was also tired from playing with B1 and B2 inside Atlantis, and accompanied the boy to sleep. They had been together for more than a month already, and they usually slept by each other's side.

The next day, the two reappeared on the Second Floor of Babylon, to take the test to proceed to the next floor.

"The test will begin in ten minutes," a pretty lady said with a smile. "All challengers, please proceed to the Grand Arena."

The Second Floor of Babylon was ruled by the Agnis family. This family prided themselves on being the first family to clear the tower. Because of this, the Guardian of the Second Floor gave them the rights to conduct their own trials to test the challengers of the tower.

As a Martial Family, they believed that only the strong were qualified to climb the tower. This was why their test required all the challengers to fight each other in a Royal Rumble. 

There was only one trial held everyday, and all participants who wanted to proceed to the next floor must participate in it. No substitutions were allowed.

Everyday, only five people were allowed to pass this trial. Those who failed were allowed to take the test again the next day. 


If the First Floor was called the Genesis, the second floor was called Champion's Den, for only the champions were allowed to leave this place.

Most challengers weren't able to climb past this floor because of the sheer difficulty it presented. This was why teams of five were quite common in the second floor, to give themselves a higher chance of passing the trial.

Those who had given up climbing the tower had settled as residents of this floor. They would always go to the Grand Arena to look at the new batch of people that would fail, just like them. Because of their experience, some of these people had developed a crab mentality.

This was a mentality that the Agnis family had encouraged and even gave the losers a way to vent their frustrations.

The time limit for the Royal Rumble was two hours. If after two hours, there were more than five people remaining inside the Grand Arena, the audience was given the permission to enter and eliminate the players, until only five of them were left.

This was a very unique, and brutal way, to ensure that all the players would fight each other to the fullest. Getting ganged up by spectators who numbered nearly half a million, was not a fun way to get beaten to a pulp.

"Don't leave my side no matter what, okay?" William said as he patted Chiffon's head.

Chiffon nodded while putting on the Devourer's Gauntlets that William had crafted for her. The Half-Elf had given her permission to attack anyone that came near her striking range. 

The pink-haired girl's rank was Platinum. This meant that she was more than capable of fighting half of the participants in the Grand Arena. William wasn't too worried about her safety because he had already seen how Chiffon fought during their Dungeon Exploration.

Fighting against opponents of the same rank would not pose any difficulty to her.

'Fifteen,' William rubbed his chin as he looked at his status page. 'Nine Mithril, five Adamantium, and one Black.'

These were the strongest people who posed against William, and Chiffon, inside the Grand Arena.

Since only five were allowed to survive, these fifteen individuals would definitely do their best to secure a slot. William had asked the system to put a marker on these individuals depending on their ranks.

The Half-Elf knew that they must avoid the Black Ranked person at all cost. This was why he moved to the location that was farthest away from the person. 

'I just hope that you don't go out of your way to come to our side,' William thought as he led Chiffon to the corner of the arena. 'I don't want to use my Heroic Avatar so early in the game.'



Chapter 570

Xod was looking at the projection in front of him while gnashing his teeth. He had been paying close attention to William's whereabouts, but he couldn't find him. This was why he had once again returned to the Guardian Hall and sought out Oogwei's assistance for a second time.

"So this is the person that scammed you, right?" Oogwei chuckled. "Indeed, he has the face of a scammer."

"I know, right?" Xod hatefully munched on peanuts as he glared at William. "I hope he gets beaten up to a pulp!"

"Hey! Those are my peanuts!" Oogwei pounded its small foot on the table. "Get your own!"

"Why are you a cheapskate? It's only peanuts." Xod grumbled as he ordered a platter of peanuts from the Babylon Shop using his tokens. 

The two Guardians ate as they looked at the projection with different expressions. Xod's expression was that of irritation, while Oogwei's was full of interest.

Xod hated William for playing a trick on him.

Oogwei on the other hand was interested in William because very few mortals dared to antagonize a God. He was hoping to discover if the red-headed teenager had other interesting qualities aside from being a scammer.

"Well no matter how good of an actor he is, he won't be able to pass the Second Floor." Xod sneered. "The Agnis Family will keep him there forever."

Oogwei smirked because he had a feeling that something different was going to happen this time around.

"Do you want to make a bet?" Oogwei asked.

"A bet?" Xod tilted his head. "What kind of bet?"

"I will bet that the boy who scammed you will be able to clear this tower."

"Hahaha! You will bet on him? Okay, I accept this bet. What shall we bet on?"

"A bowl of lettuce!" Oogwei raised its head and gave Xod the "You can back down if you're scared" stare.

"... I agree to the bet, but not the prize," Xod shook his head. "How about this? If you win, I'll give you a bowl of lettuce. If I win… you will help me negotiate with Tony to hand that scammer to me."

Oogwei nodded his head. "Very well. We have a deal."


Tony was the Guardian of the Second Floor and Oogwei's good friend. Xod knew that if the little turtle were to ask his friend a favor, the scamming Half-Elf would be served to him in a silver platter. 

However, before that happened, he must win on the bet first.

'It doesn't matter,' Xod thought. 'The one winning this bet is me anyway.'

The green-skinned man sneered at William's projection who was currently looking around his surroundings. Xod's hand was itching to get his hands on William. Once he had dragged him back to the First Floor, he would make sure that the Half-Elf would regret crossing a Guardian of the Tower of Babylon. 

A pretty lady stood on top of a floating artifact and glided towards the center of the Arena. She started the countdown and the crowd joined her in chorus. 

"The battle will begin at Five!"

""Four!""

""Three!""

""Two!""

""One!""

A bell rang to signify the start of the Battle Royale.

As if a spark was ignited, everyone in the arena started attacking each other. The battle was fierce and those that had died turned into particles of light. 

Originally, William thought that the Agnis family were pacifists because they prevented others from dying, but the information he read from the Merchant's Guild made him realize that there were worse fates than dying.

Every time they went to the Arena, they had to pay two hundred tokens upfront. The five survivors at the end of the match would receive a thousand tokens each.

In short, the Agnis family was using the Arena as a means to farm tokens from the players who wished to climb the Tower. Once their tokens ran out, and could no longer participate in the battles, they would have no choice but to stay on the Second Floor for two years, before the tower automatically kicked them out.

These people that had been kicked out may challenge the tower once again, but due to the trauma they had received on the second floor, the majority of them refused to step foot inside Babylon again.

During those two years, these players would have no choice but to work for the Agnis Family to earn a few tokens in order to live, or to challenge the Arena again. 


Either way, the one profiting from the whole deal was the Agnis Family, which had turned the Grand Arena into their Golden Goose. 

There were over five thousand participants in the battle. Some of them had known each other for a very long time and had already formed their alliances. This way, they worked with each other in order to eliminate as many challengers as they could.

After an hour, the number of players inside the arena had shrunk to only three hundred. The fifteen people that William identified early on had all survived, and the Half-Elf made a startling discovery.

'Those three teams are in cahoots with each other.' William clicked his tongue in annoyance. 

William had asked the system to monitor these people. After watching their battles, the System had formed a conclusion and passed it to William. This was what caused the Half-Elf to feel irate. 

< Host. It seems that the rumors are true. >

'Indeed. Looks like this isn't going to be easy.'

There was a rumor flying around in the City of Babylon, that the Agnis Family had secretly formed three teams to prevent others from clearing the trial of the second floor. 

Although they were just rumors, the Merchant Guild had stated that the possibility that this rumor was true was high. 

After seeing the proof in front of his eyes, William had to agree that this was an effective way to keep the players stuck on the Second Floor of the Tower, and to keep them there for as long as possible.

Some of those that had lost all of their tokens had ended up as servants, prostitutes, shop owners, and guards for the Agnis Family. The talented Challengers were then scouted and placed in high positions within the family in order to gain their allegiance.

William had no intention of getting stuck inside the tower, so he decided to take action.

"Everyone, listen up!" William shouted. "Those fifteen people over there are thugs of the Agnis Family. They are here to prevent us from climbing the tower. If you don't want to become their slaves, work with me to eliminate them first!"

The fifteen people whom William had accused all glared at him.

"What nonsense are you talking about?!"

"That's right! Us? Working for the Agnis family? Preposterous!"

"Nice try, boy. I bet you are doing this to make the others become your cannon fodder!"


The remaining players glanced at William and the so-called dogs of the Agnis family. Some of them had also heard the rumors about this nefarious act, but they were still half in doubt whether it was true or not.

"Everyone, let's eliminate that Half-Elf first," the man wearing a black robe said calmly. He was the Black-Ranked Warrior that William had been wary of. "After we dispose of him, we can resume our battle."

The black-robed man didn't wait for anyone's reply and immediately attacked William. He had already sensed the boy's rank earlier. He was quite surprised that the red-headed teenager's rank was higher than expected. However, William didn't pose any threat to him.

When the black-robed man was only twenty meters away from the boy, his sixth sense kicked in and immediately stopped his advance. 

The man's battle sense had been honed after fighting at the Grand Arena for so many years and he had already developed an ability that alerted him if anything that endangered his life was near him.

'Strange, just where is this feeling coming from?' the black-robed man thought as he eyed William from his location. 'His rank is still the same, but this feeling just won't go away.'

William observed the man with a calm expression on his face, but deep inside he was giving the black-robed man the middle finger. 

'Just one more step and you would have been blown away.' William's eyes glared at the man in front of him. 'Why did he stop?'

William had equipped his Runemaster Prestige Class and had planted several landmines around him. These landmines were infused with the Earth Element, similar to Aslan's Earth Bombs, which were very hard to detect even by magic. 

Although they weren't as powerful as the Earth Bombs, they were still strong enough to injure anyone that would step on them.

'Deal with the others first,' the black-robed man ordered. He used an artifact given to him by the Agnis family to communicate with his team members. 'Don't come near this Half-Elf and his companion. We will save them for last.'

After receiving their orders, the fourteen-men team charged at the other players and started to eliminate them at a rapid pace.

High above the Grand Arena, in the VIP box exclusive for the Agnis family…

"It seems that someone did their research," a middle-aged man said with a smile. "These kinds of people appear every now and then, but the end result is always the same."

The people around him nodded their heads in agreement. This was not the first time that this had happened. There had been several instances in the past, but due to the strength of their undercover agents, none of them were able to pass the trial.

Only one fate awaited them and that was enslavement. Human trafficking was a very easy way to earn tokens inside Babylon. Although some of the ruling families looked down on this practice, that didn't stop the other families, like the Agnis Family, from doing it blatantly.

In their eyes, William and Chiffon were already slaves that were waiting to be sold. All they needed to do was wait for their agents to end their lives, and rob them of the precious tokens that they needed in order to survive within the confines of the Tower of Babylon.



Chapter 571

"Die!" one of the agents of the Agnis Family shouted as he targeted one of the players inside the arena. However, before he could even hit his target, his head exploded and turned into particles of light.

The black-robed man frowned, at his comrade that died out of the blue. His gaze then landed on William who was holding a wooden staff in his hand.

The Half-Elf had a smile on his face, and even winked at the black-robed man before running towards one of the agents. 

William brandished his wooden staff, and smashed his target's head like a watermelon before continuing his rampage. 

"Stop him!" the black-robed man ordered. "Kill him first!"

The other agents complied with their leader's order and circled William to give him no room for escape. It was quite unfortunate that the Half-Elf had no intention of escaping. His goal was to eliminate the subordinates of the black-robed man, before dealing with him for last.

William sneered as he pointed his wooden staff at the approaching agents who had no idea what was in store for them. He waited until they were only thirty meters away from him before activating his war art.

"Quick Shot War Art, Second Form," William said as he took aim.

"Shotgun!"

Immediately, a loud clap reached the agent's ears. Two of the black-robed man's subordinates that had attacked William's right side, turned into particles of light.

The other agents paused momentarily due to the sound of William's skill. However, that only lasted for a moment before they continued their advance. 

William waved his hand and six purple blades materialized around him. He was currently using the Runemaster Job Class and activating the skills that he had mastered over the years that he had spent in the Southern Continent.

Wendy was the one that had increased the levels of this Job Class, and even developed a few tricks of her own, which she had shared with William. The Half-Elf was quite impressed with Wendy's ability to create things from scratch, even without the knowledge of skills that came from Skill Trees.

When William asked the System about this, it only said that any kind of skill could be created as long as the theory behind it stood. Since that was the case, WIlliam decided to further enhance his lover's created skill in order to make it more deadly. 

The blades that surrounded William were called Runic Blades. They were blades that dealt Ethereal Damage to their enemies. What made this blade scary was that they ignored armor, and other kinds of defenses.

Although they were not lethal, they had one annoying ability, and that was to drastically weaken those that they had slashed, as well as slow their movements by half. 

"Go!" William ordered and the six purple blades flew towards their individual targets. 


The agents' initial reaction was to defend themselves, using artifacts that blocked physical attacks. However, the Runic Blades were more of a spiritual attack, than a physical one. The blades easily passed through their armors, making them feel that their world had slowed down.

After making sure that his targets had a taste of the nasty blades, William charged forward and smashed their heads like watermelons. He knew that if he could dispose of them now, the black-robed man wouldn't have any allies left when he dealt with him later.

Nine died, six remained.

After seeing William's performance, the other players rallied behind his back and attacked the six remaining agents that the Half-Elf had pointed out earlier. 

Faced with over a hundred people. The black-robed man decided to become serious and activated his Battle Aura.

He was an Adamantium Ranked Warrior.

He was the strongest warrior in the Grand Arena, so he wasn't too worried about the number of enemies that were charging towards him. 

"You think all of you can beat me?!" the black-robed man shouted as he wielded his dual swords. "Die!"

With a powerful slash, a raging inferno snaked towards the approaching players, turning them into particles of light. 

Those who managed to dodge the first strike, didn't survive the second, and were burned completely.

Twenty-four players remained, including William and Chiffon. 

Out of those twenty-four, six of them were the agents from the Agnis family, leaving only eighteen players on William's side.

"I'll deal with him," William said as he stood in front of the Black-robed man. "Please, deal with the others."

The other players exchanged a glance with each other before charging towards the remaining agents. 

The agents were stronger, but now that their opponents were working together against them, they were slowly being pushed back.

William's Runic Blades flew towards the leader of the agents, but the latter easily incinerated them with his fire magic. 

The black-robed man had seen how his subordinates had died under William's attack, so he didn't underestimate the Blades that flew in his direction.


After destroying the Ethereal Blades, the black-robed man jumped to his right side. A second later, he felt something brush past his body, creating a small scratch on his left shoulder.

'An invisible energy-based attack?' the blackrobed man thought as he eyed William with caution. 'I need to close the distance.'

William clicked his tongue in disappointment because the man was able to dodge his attack. However, this only lasted for a brief moment. 

'I'll make sure that you won't be able to run away later,' William vowed as he closed the gap between them.

Meanwhile, while William was busy fighting the Black-robed man, Chiffon had killed one agent from the Agnis family. 

Chiffon was a Brawler. 

She had been taught to fight, while she was still young by one of her mother's attendants. Her fast reflexes, and mobility allowed her to hit her enemies, before they could hit her.

If she were to gain William's Zen Master Job Class (Monk's next Job Class), she would be twice as fast, and three times more deadly. 

Her Devourer's Gauntlets also helped her increase her repertoire of skills that she could use at any time. If one were to look closely, they would notice that Chiffon's feet were actually floating above the ground.

William had told her earlier to use the flight skill, and hover just an inch above ground. Although she didn't understand why she had to do that, Chiffon was very obedient to William. This was why she didn't question his order and did as she was told.

The audience that were watching the battle clenched their fist in excitement and frustration.

When they heard William's words, they thought that the Half-Elf was just spouting nonsense. However, after giving it some thought, they realized that the black-robed man had always been in the arena every time there was a Battle Royale.

They didn't notice this fact before because the Black-robed man always lost in the end. The audience thought that he was just unlucky, but now that William had exposed their modus operandi, the players that had been stuck in the Second Floor for months, felt cheated.

All of their gazes shifted to the VIP Area, where the Agnis Family was seated. Their blood boiled in anger. If not for the fact that they were the current rulers of the Second Floor, and had formed a contract with the Guardian, they would have already attacked them by now.

"We need to get rid of that boy," the Patriarch of the Agnis family said as he placed his teacup on the table. "He must not be allowed to remain on the Second Floor of the Tower."

The Elders of the family nodded their heads. Although they could tell that their agents were slowly getting the upper hand, they didn't wish for the hearts of the inhabitants of their domain to be stirred up by the Half-Elf's words.

Although they had a contract with Tony, the Guardian of the Second Floor, they didn't wish for any form of rebellion under their nose. Before a small spark could turn into a mighty blaze, they would snuff it out, preventing all sources of future troubles.


While they were thinking this, the majority of the players had been killed by the Agents of the Agnis family.

Only six players remained in the arena. 

If one of them died, the battle would be over and the rest would be able to advance to the next round.

William, Chiffon, and the four agents, including the Black-robed man glared at each other. 

'Boss, what should we do?' an agent asked through a special artifact they used for communication. 'If we kill one of them, the other will be able to pass. The Patriarch said that no matter what happens, the Half-Elf must stay. Should we target him and leave that pink-haired girl alone?'

The Black-robed man shook his head. 'None of them must escape. Neutralize them first and we'll kill them at the same time.'

All the agents nodded their heads in understanding. 

"Now!" the Black-robed man ordered and all of them ran in William's, and Chiffon's direction.

The two didn't move and stood their ground. 

When the black-robed man was only twenty meters away from the two, the same feeling he had felt earlier nagged at his head. 

'I'm just overthinking things,' the Black-robed man thought as he ignored his sixth sense. 'I'll end this as quickly as possible.'

Fifteen meters....

Ten meters…

Five meters…

When the agents were only five meters away from the two teenagers, a devilish smile appeared on William's face.

This smile made the hairs on the back of their necks stand on end. A second later, the ground under their feet swelled.

A powerful explosion reverberated inside the Stadium which made the audience, and the members of the Agnis Family cry out in shock due to the unexpected development that none of them was able to foresee.



Chapter 572

A loud explosion spread across the Grand Arena, making everyone's eyes widen in surprise. 

Earlier, William was just not randomly fighting against the Black-robed man. He was busy planting Rune Mines, using the power of the Runemaster skill in preparation for this moment.

William knew that even though the players sided with him, their opponents were simply too strong, and organized. The agents' teamwork were superb, so an impromptu alliance wouldn't be much of a threat for them.

Since that was the case, William just planted as many mines as he could. He intended to make them explode simultaneously, to create a deadly attack that would instantly obliterate anyone who stepped upon them.

A dust cloud had settled inside the arena, and none were able to see the outcome of the battle. Two minutes later, the dust cloud receded showing a fifty-meter wide crater. At the edge of the crater, two figures stood.

William and Chiffon were safe and sound, but none of the agents could be seen anywhere. 

The Half-Elf raised his head to look at the VIP seats of the Agnis Family. They were the family that had conquered the SecondFloor and had turned it into a place where they farmed tokens, and enslaved the players who wished to climb the tower.

If possible, William wanted to knock them off their high horse, but he also understood that he didn't have the power to do that right now.

As William thought of these things, a playful voice resounded inside his mind.

[Congratulations! You have cleared the Second Floor of the Tower of Babylon!]

[You have been rewarded with 10,000 Tokens!]

[An additional reward of 2,000 Tokens will be rewarded because less than five players remained in the Grand Arena!]

[Tokens in Hand: 15,500]


[Would you like to proceed to the next floor?]

[Yes / No]

William glanced at Chiffon, and the latter nodded her head. It was her way of telling William that she also heard a voice inside her head. 

Before William could even say anything to the little girl, an arrogant voice echoed in the arena.

"Honored Guests, would you like to work with the Agnis Family?" a middle-aged man asked. "If you agree, not only will we help you climb the tower, we will also provide you with resources that will make your journey smoother.

"In return, all we ask is that you pledge your loyalty to our family. If you have further conditions, we are willing to accommodate them."

The Patriarch of the Agnis Family was moved by William's ability and fighting prowess. If he could make him a subordinate of their family, he would definitely bring them glory as he continued to climb the tower of Babylon.

William ignored the Patriarch and held Chiffon's hand firmly.

In truth, after finding out the Agnis Family's underhanded trick, William's impression of the rulers of the Second Floor had hit rock bottom. He felt very dirty staying on the Second Floor, so he wanted to leave the place as soon as possible.

"Let's go," William said. 

He had no intention of becoming a subordinate of a family who enslaved others. 

"Yes, Big Brother," Chiffon replied.

Two beams of light shot out towards the sky. Those who had been forced to work for the Agnis Family looked at this sight with tears in their eyes. 


They had long lost their determination to climb the tower, but after seeing the two players win against all odds, their passion was reignited. 

The Agnis family had no idea that after this incident, the foundation and power that they had built in the Tower of Babylon for many years would soon crumble under their feet.

Oogwei happily ate the bowl of lettuce that was presented to him by Xod. It had been a while since new players had appeared on the Third Floor, where he supervised. 

"I'll be back," Oogwei said after eating the last lettuce in the bowl. "I want to have a nice chat with that Half-Elf."

Xod snorted, but didn't say anything else. Although a bowl of lettuce was only worth a single token, the Guardian of the First Floor didn't like losing. Oogwei knew this, so it decided to leave its friend alone for the time being.

It was quite curious about William and wanted to have a chat with him. The Guardian of the Third Floor wanted to know why the Half-Elf was climbing the tower. 

It was widely known in the Central Continent that If someone were to reach the Hundredth Floor of Babylon, they would be able to make a wish. 

Whatever this wish would be, it would be granted without fail. 

This was the promise of the God that created the tower, and since then, many had attempted to climb it. Unfortunately, all of them stopped at the 51st Floor and were never heard from again.

Oogwei wondered if William also came here to make a wish. Although it found the Half-Elf interesting, the Guardian of the Third Floor knew that no matter how strong he was, the red-headed teenager would not be able to get past the 51st Floor.

It was simply impossible. A fact that all the Guardians in the Tower of Babylon had long accepted by now.

A Four-Tailed Black Fox, with a crescent moon on its forehead, landed on a mountain overlooking Silverwind City. Seated on its back was a delicate-looking teenage boy with silver-gray hair and blue eyes.

"Master said that Will is currently here," the teenage boy muttered. "I wonder what he will say when the two of us meet again."


The Black Fox turned its head to look at its companion. 

[Are you perhaps afraid of meeting him?]

"I would be lying if I said that I said that I wasn't."

[Should we continue?]

The teenage boy nodded his head. "Nothing is going to happen if I stay behind the scenes. Let's go, Luna. I want to see how Will is doing."

[Do you miss him?]

The Black Fox asked with a smirk. It knew that its companion was still feeling guilty about what happened in the Southern Continent.

"Why should I miss him?" the teenage boy asked with a calm expression. "I'm sure that he has forgotten me by now. Enough of this, Luna. Let's go."

The Black Fox nodded its head and once again took flight. They had traveled from the Silvermoon Continent, and its companion was one of the four candidates that were chosen to participate in the Tournament of the Kraetor Empire.

Although the Elves had suffered terribly during the war, they were mostly the clans that were Anti-Human. Many in the Silvermoon Continent, including Arwen's father, Theoden, were against the war.

It had been too late when they discovered that something was amiss. 

They didn't ask for it, and yet, they also suffered due to the selfishness of Shafel and the other Patriarch's that led the Anti-Human Faction. 

With Sepheron and Eneru gone, the Elves were in no position to antagonize anyone. They only hoped that the Demons were still weakened from the war that happened many years ago, and would not launch another attack in their domain for the next hundred years.


The Tournament in the Kraetor Empire was a good way for the Elves to recover their dignity. This was why they had sent their envoys to participate in the Grand Tournament that would be happening very soon.


Chapter 573

"Eve. Where are you, my cute granddaughter?" James shouted.

The White Goose glared at the noisy old man who had come to the lakeside. It was currently swimming in the middle of the lake, with a sleeping girl on its back. Seven ducks slept beside the little girl, encircling her in a protective formation.

The Seven Ducks whom she had cared for since they were young were now full-fledged adults. These ducks would attack anyone who dared to hurt Eve, and bite their noggins if they were a boy. 

Because of this, Eve's playmates were only girls. James and Mordred didn't have any complaints with this setup. Anna would shake her head from time to time because of how overprotective the men of their family were towards her daughter.

"Oi! Goose, bring my granddaughter here!" James ordered. 

A second later, James heard an annoyed voice speak inside his head. 

"Shut up, old man. The Mistress is sleeping. Tone down your words and stop shouting." 

"Then bring her here now. There's an important guest that wants to see her."

The White Goose frowned before wading towards the lakeside. It had enlarged itself earlier because Eve wanted to play in the lake while on its back. However, after playing for a while, the calmness of the lake made her sleepy, so she decided to take a nap on the White Goose' back along with her ducklings.

The white Goose stepped on land, but still retained its size. If possible, it didn't want to wake the sleeping girl on its back and simply glared at James as if it wanted to peck him to oblivion.

James looked at his adorable granddaughter with a fawning gaze. Seeing how peacefully she slept, he decided to just wake her up after they returned to the residence. 

The old man and the White Goose walked sided by side as they headed towards the direction of Lont. A guest had arrived, and James hurriedly looked for Eve because her presence was needed.


It didn't take long before the two arrived at the Ainsworth Residence. As if sensing that she had returned home, Eve's eyes fluttered. Half a minute later, she opened them and looked at her surroundings, while still half asleep.

"Grandpa?" Eve asked as she saw James walking beside the White Goose. 

"Good Afternoon, Eve," James said with a smile. "Someone came to visit you."

Eve's drowsiness went away when she heard that someone came to visit her. There was someone she misses very much, and she hoped to see him soon. 

"Big Brother?"

"William? No. It's someone else."

"Who?"

James smiled and pointed at the entrance of the Ainsworth Residence. A beautiful lady dressed in ceremonial garb stood near the doorway. The moment she saw Eve, a gentle smile appeared on her face.

The guest of the Ainsworth Family walked towards the White Goose to have a better look at the girl that she had come to see for the first time. She had not met Eve before, but she and William were good friends. 

There were times when the red-headed teenager would talk about his cute cousin in the countryside. That was how she knew Eve's name. She just didn't expect that she would be sent to William's hometown, to take the little girl under her tutelage.

Eve looked at the beautiful lady and felt a strong connection to her. This connection was hard to describe, especially for a little girl. Because of that, Eve said the closest thing that she could to describe the feelings welling up inside her heart.

"Big Sister?"


"Yes. From now on, you can call me Big Sister."

Ariadne smiled and patted Eve's head affectionately. Now she understood why William kept on bragging about his cute cousin. 

Eve was probably the most adorable little girl that she had seen in her lifetime. Also, the powerful Divine Energy emanating from her body was proof that she was destined to be an Apostle of a God.

A few minutes later, James, Mordred, Anna, and Eve gathered in the garden where they all had afternoon tea and snacks. 

Ariadne had waited for everyone to gather before she spoke of her reason for coming. Mordred and Anna exchanged a glance at each other in disbelief. James, on the other hand, frowned. He then placed his tea cup on the table before speaking out his mind.

"Are you going to take Eve away from us?" James asked. He spoke casually, and yet, his words seemed to contain an underlying challenge.

It was as if he was telling Ariadne to "You won't be taking my darling granddaughter away from me under my watch".

Ariadne smiled because she already expected this outcome. 

"Eve is still young," Ariadne replied. "I can't bear to take her away from her family. This was why I have decided to stay here in Lont while I teach her the duties of an Apostle."

Mordred and Anna sighed in relief. Being chosen as an Apostle of a God was an honor, but it was also a heavy responsibility. Eve was still young, and they didn't want their daughter to leave them at this stage.

James hummed and nodded his head. 

"Very well. I will allow you to teach Eve, but you have to make an oath that you will not secretly take her away, while we're not looking," James said. Although he knew that Ariadne was an Oracle of the God William followed, he still couldn't trust her because of the fact that he kept on forgetting what she looked like!


'What a troublesome ability,' James thought. 'No matter how hard I try, her face slips away from my memory.'

Eve ate the cookies on her plate with gusto. She looked at Ariadne from time to time, and the latter would smile back at her each time the lady sensed her stare. 

Unlike her family, Ariadne's ability didn't work on her. Even if Ariadne were to wear normal clothes and was tossed inside a crowd, Eve would be able to recognize her right away.

Ariadne had said that she came here to teach her how to become an Apostle. 

Eve didn't understand what an Apostle was. But, for some reason, she felt that being an Apostle wasn't a bad thing. 

Ariadne sighed in her heart. She was someone that could see glimpses in the future, but she couldn't see the future of certain people. The Oracle of the God of Shepherds knew that her duty was not an easy one.

For some reason, she was feeling uneasy. She kept on dreaming about a man with black hair, and eyes. He sat on a black throne, surrounded by beautiful women and a little girl sitting on his lap.

Behind him, several powerful beasts stood as if waiting for his command to unleash havoc across the land. Above him, a Black Phoenix had its wings spread wide as if to usher a new Era.

Ariadne's hand trembled as she remembered the scene in her dream. That man looked at her and smiled. Although she couldn't remember what he looked like, she could still remember the words that he had told her.

"I walk in the darkness so that others may see the light."

Yes. That man decided to walk in the darkness.

However, in doing so, he also covered the entire world in darkness.



Chapter 574

"I see, so that's how it is," William said as he ate a sandwich. 

"Right." A small turtle unceremoniously bit into his own sandwich. "Right now, the possibility of the Agnis Family sending players to make things difficult for you is very high."

"What a petty family."

"I know, right?"

Chiffon happily ate her sandwich, while listening to her Big Brother and the small turtle. 

When they arrived at the Third Floor, they found themselves standing on a cliff, right beside a raging waterfall. The scenery around them was so beautiful that it reminded William of the Waterfall Town of Lauterbrunnen, which was found in Switzerland.

Some said that the author of the Lord of the Rims, was inspired because of the magnificent view and decided to write a story about it. 

Seeing this scene, William could understand how that author might have felt due to the sheer beauty of the surroundings. 

After taking careful considerations, William decided to have lunch with Chiffon first, before exploring the Third Floor of the Tower of Babylon.

After spreading a picnic blanket, and taking out the sandwiches that he had prepared beforehand, the two sat and admired the view before biting into their sandwiches. A minute later, a black turtle crawled onto their picnic blanket and asked if it could have some of the food they had.

Due to his appraisal skill, William was able to find out the true identity of the little speaking turtle. Since the being in front of them was the Guardian of the Third Floor, William decided to become civil and sacrificed one of his sandwiches for World Peace.

After eating the sandwich, Oogwei introduced itself and told William a little bit about its domain. The Half-Elf thought that this was a perfect opportunity to get firsthand information about the tower from one of its Guardians.

Oogwei was an easy going fellow, so it answered most of William's questions, with the exception of the things that it was forbidden to tell mortals. 

"Tell me, are you climbing this tower because of a wish?" Oogwei asked after finishing the sandwich which was given to it. 


"A wish?" William tilted his head. He then placed one more sandwich on Oogwei's plate as thanks for answering most of his questions. "What wish?"

It was now Oogwei's turn to be confused. The little turtle looked at William with the "Are you joking with me?" look. However, since it was a being that could be considered as a Demigod, it could tell that William wasn't lying and was really not informed about the Tower of Babylon.

"This Tower is made to grant mortals riches, resources, power, and influence beyond their wildest dreams. But that's not all," Oogwei explained. "Whoever reaches the 100th Floor will be given the opportunity to make a wish. It doesn't matter what kind of wish it is, for it will be granted without fail."

William nodded his head in understanding. He had no intention of climbing up to the 100th Floor of the tower. His goal was to clear the 51st Floor in order to lift the curse that was placed on his lovers.

"I am only here to clear the 51st Floor," William replied. "After that, I will return to the Kraetor Empire."

"51st Floor, is it?" Oogwei nodded its head. "Indeed. You will not be able to proceed if you can't even clear the 51st Floor. However, I don't think you, or anyone in this world, has the ability to do that."

"What do you mean?"

"The Guardian of the 51st Floor has gone crazy. Well, not the crazy kind of crazy, but something similar. If I were you, I would just stop at the 50th Floor. Going to the 51st Floor would be a suicidal move."

William frowned as he ate his sandwich. After properly chewing it, he then asked the question that had been in his mind since he arrived at the City of Babylon.

"How come no one has been able to clear it?" William inquired. "With so many talented people in the world, I find it hard to believe that it has remained unconquered for hundreds of years."

Oogwei sighed internally. It really wanted to tell William the reason, but it was bound by the rules of the tower. In the end, it bit off a bite of its sandwich and completely ignored William's question.

William had a feeling that it was one of the things that Oogwei couldn't tell him, so he didn't continue to ask in this direction. Instead, he asked a question that made the turtle look up at him with a smirk.

"What kind of Test do I have to do in order to proceed to the next floor?" William inquired.

"Good question," Oogwei answered. "Actually, you should be taking a test in that town located down there in that valley."


The little turtle pointed at the town nestled at the center of the valley that boasted an out of the world scenery that would put all Instagramme pictures to shame. 

"However, since I have taken a liking to you, I decided to give you a different quest. Of course, this will also give you better rewards. Are you interested?" Oogwei said in a challenging tone.

William pondered for a bit before nodding his head. He couldn't detect any kind of malice coming from Oogwei, so he believed that the turtle didn't mean them any harm.

"Excellent." The turtle grinned. "Allow me to introduce you to my disciples."

A brief moment later, four demi-human turtles appeared behind Oogwei carrying different kinds of weapons.

"Introduce yourself to our guests," Oogwei ordered.

The two-meter-tall turtle holding a wooden staff stepped forward and took a fighting pose.

"My name is Donutella," Donutella said with a determined expression. "Nice to meet you."

William cringed internally because he was reminded of that super sweet chocolate spread that was used by the kids in the orphanage. He had to use all of his willpower to prevent himself from teasing the turtle who had a funny name.

The next one to step up was another demi-human turtle wielding two swords. Just like Donutella, he took a fighting pose and introduced himself.

"My name is Leonardude." Leonardude snorted. "Only fight me if you dare. As long as I am around you won't be abl--"

"Watah!"

A loud shout cut off Leonardude's words as another turtle took a step forward while brandishing its nunchucks. 

Chiffon clapped her hands in admiration because the way the turtle wielded its weapon was simply fascinating.


"I am Michaelangelhoe," Michaelangelhoe took a pose after showing his demonstration. "I am not a hoe."

"... " William and Chiffon didn't know what to say and simply stared at the turtle with a funny name just like its companions.

The last turtle stepped forward, while holding the two shortswords in his hands.

"I am Narnyah~," Narnyah said with a smile. "Nice to meet you."

William choked on the sandwich he was eating and had to beat his chest in order to help the food go down. He was already expecting the last turtle to introduce itself as Raphaella or something similar, but the name it gave was something out of the blue.

After recovering from his earlier mishap, William eyed the lady turtle who was looking at him weirdly.

"Um, are you sure that your name isn't Raphaella?"

"I just said my name is Narnyah~."

The corner of William's lips twitched because whoever made this plot, needed to have his brain thrown in the gutter.

Oogwei, who had just finished eating his last sandwich, looked up at William with a smirk. 

"If you want to pass the third Floor, you have to defeat my disciples first. Don't worry, they will take it easy on you."

William scratched his head as he looked at the Demi-Turtles, and the small turtle who was looking up to him. 

"We need to fight them in order to proceed?" William inquired.

"Fighting is too strong a word," Oogwei's replied. "More like competing. You need to defeat them in the thing they specialize in. With each victory, you will get five thousand tokens. Don't worry, you only need to win two out of four matches and you can proceed to the next floor. 


William and Chiffon exchanged a glance with each other. They had no idea what the Guardian of the Third Floor was thinking. However, since they were already here, they might as well see what the little turtle had in store for them.


Chapter 575

"I'll be your first opponent," Donutella said in arrogance. "Our battle will be simple. We will play a drinking game. Whoever drinks the most in five minutes will win. Easy, right?"

"Sounds easy enough," William replied. "But, what are we going to drink?"

Donutella snapped its fingers and two tables appeared in front of them. On top of those two tables, several mugs filled with what seemed to be sweetened chocolate could be found. Williams almost gagged at the diabetes inducing scene in front of him. 

There was no way he could drink so many chocolate drinks in one sitting.

"I will give both of you a handicap." Donutella crossed its arms. "You can fight me two versus one."

The demi-turtle's tone was filled with confidence. It was as if it was telling William that there was no use even if Chiffon and him teamed up, because it would still be a victor in the end.

The Half-Elf sneered internally at the cocky turtle. Donutella had no idea that the one who didn't stand a chance in this drinking battle was itself. 

William patted Chiffon's head and looked at her straight in the eyes. "Chiffon, can I leave this challenge to you?"

"Un!" Chiffon patted her chest with confidence. "Leave it to me, Big Brother."

The pink-haired girl then walked towards the table and looked at the chocolate mugs with sparkling eyes. Clearly, she was very excited to start the drinking competition as soon as possible.

"Are you sure you will not join her?" Donutella asked as it, too, went to the table facing Chiffon's. "You might regret it later."

"Nah, I'm good." William smirked. He was looking forward to seeing Donutella's surprised expression after it realized that its opponent was something it couldn't beat in a drinking game.

The three Demi-turtles, and Oogwei, shook their heads in disappointment. They felt sorry for Chiffon because a little girl had to fight against their group's strongest drinker. 

Drinking a mug full of sweetened chocolate may be an easy task. However, if you were to drink many of them at any given time, you will definitely wave your hands in surrender.

"Are both combatants ready?" Oogwei asked.


Donutella and Chiffon nodded their heads in unison. The rules of the battle were simple enough, so there was no need to complicate things. 

The Demi-turtle looked at the pink-haired girl in disdain. Clearly, it couldn't believe that an adorable girl like Chiffon could beat it in a game that was its specialty.

"Don't cry later, little girl." Donutella teased.

Chiffon only tilted her head to the side in confusion. She didn't understand why she would be crying when she was about to have her fill of something sweet and delicious!

Oogwei then raised its small foot and declared the start of the battle. 

"Start!"

Donutella casually took a mug from the table and drank it in one go.

Chiffon, on the other hand, did the same. She was two seconds later than Donutella in finishing her drink, but Wiliam wasn't too worried. 

In a span of ten seconds, Donutella had already drunk four mugs, while Chiffon only had three.

A minute later, Donutella had already finished twenty four mugs, while Chiffon only had eighteen. 

The three Demi-turtles and Oogwei were surprised about Chiffon's tenacity. None of them were able to even drink more than ten mugs of sweetened chocolate, but the pink-haired girl had already gone past that mark.

Three more minutes went by, and several mugs of chocolate had already been cleared from the table. Even though this drinking match was Donutella's specialty, it was starting to feel nauseous due to the vast quantity of sweetened chocolate it had ingested.

'Just a minute more,' Donutella thought. 'I just need to hang for a minute and I will win.'

Chiffon placed the mug that she had just finished drinking on the table and gave Donutella a side-long glance.

Oogwei and his disciples thought that Chiffon was about to give up, but their eyes almost fell out of their sockets when they saw what the little girl did next.


The pink-haired girl opened her mouth. Suddenly, the chocolate that was inside the mugs all rose up in the air and flew towards her mouth. 

Donutella choked on the chocolate it was drinking after it saw what its opponent had done. It couldn't believe what it was seeing.

"T-Time's up." Oogwei stuttered. "Winner of this match is Chiffon!"

Chiffon smiled as she returned to William's side. The Half-Elf took out his handkerchief and wiped the chocolate stains at the side of her lips. He could read Chiffon's mood and almost laughed out loud.

A single glance was enough to tell William that the pink-haired-girl hadn't had her fill. He was half tempted to tease Donutella, and ask for a rematch in order to satisfy the little glutton, who was eyeing the chocolate mugs on her opponent's table.

Meanwhile, somewhere in the Central Continent…

The Supreme Pontifex of Deus was busy reading the reports of his subordinates that he had sent to the Southern Continent.

"... Ainsworths," the Supreme Pontifex of Deus said softly. "Whenever there is a great upheaval in the world, this family is always involved one way or the other."

The Supreme Leader of Deus frowned as he put the report down on the table. "Alessio was a good subordinate. It's quite unfortunate that he died in the Southern Continent."

The battles between his subordinates was something that he encouraged. This was how his organization managed to become a Faction that rivaled the Church of Light from the shadows. 

The Hypocritical Church lorded over the masses on the surface, while Deus wanted to make the world submit to their will. 

These two organizations had fought each other for hundreds of years, and their victories and losses were almost the same. Right now, both forces were fighting a different kind of battle. They were looking for a person.

A person that was said to challenge the existing powers in the continent and make everyone submit to his will. 

"It will not take long before the Prophecy of the Elves will come to pass. At most a year, maybe two," the man muttered. "We still haven't found the Prince."

Just like the Elves, Deus had also used their manpower to identify suitable candidates that could possibly be the Prince in the Prophecy. They had been doing it for years, but the candidates that they had observed showed no signs of wielding the True Power of Darkness.


Most of the candidates were Dark Mages, and they were very promising as well. However, the reports that the Supreme Pontifex had received from his watchers made him feel that they were overlooking something.

The document that was on the very top of his table, was none other than the information that they had on William. 

Bold letters could be seen written at the bottom most part of William's scroll, which indicated the verdict that his spies had concluded after watching William's performance in the Southern Continent.

Dungeon Conqueror Candidate.

That was the conclusion that Berthold, and the other members of Deus had come to, after compiling the information they had on William.

"Dungeon Conqueror?" The Supreme Pontifex muttered as he stared at William's information. 

The leader of Deus had the power of clairvoyance. However, no matter how hard he tried, he was unable to read the fate of anyone that belonged to the Ainsworth Family, including the people whose Fates were tied with them.

James and he had fought each other in the past. The same with Maxwell and Morgan because of a difference in beliefs. 

The Supreme Pontifex chuckled as he walked towards the balcony of his residence. Right now, an era of change was upon the land.

He could smell it in the wind.

He could feel it in his bones.

He could hear it from the beating of his heart.

The Supreme Leader of Deus was already in the final stage where his ambition would be realized. All he needed was a person.

A person that all the powers in the world were frantically searching for. 

'I guess I should send someone to monitor the boy,' the Supreme Pontifex thought. 'It never hurts to put eggs in different baskets.'


The leader of Deus watched the beautiful sunset in the distance, and waited for the light to disappear before going back to his room. 

He still had reports to read, and miles to go before he slept.


Chapter 576

"What's the next test?" William asked. "We just need to win one more and we can proceed to the next floor, right?"

Oogwei nodded its head. "Right. Just one more win and you guys can proceed to the next floor."

After Chiffon won her fight, William realized that the test that was given by the little turtle, wasn't something that could be easily overcome by any ordinary person. 

If Chiffon wasn't the personification of Gluttony, William had no doubt in his mind that they would have lost the first match. Only people with the Devour ability like Jekyll, and Chiffon, would be able to rise up to the challenge.

William looked at the three remaining Demi-Turtles and clicked his tongue internally. 

'If each of them specialized in something that we are not capable of, the chances of us winning are slim,' William thought. 'I just hope the next test will be easy.'

Oogwei may not be able to read minds, but William's expression told it what it needed to know. In fact there were several players whom the little turtle had taken an interest in. 

It would meet them on its floor and allow its disciples to challenge them all. Some of these players had failed miserably due to a difference in specialty, and had to stay in his domain until they either succeeded, or surrendered. 

Those who surrendered were kicked out of the tower where they had to redo everything from scratch.

Oogwei was one of the pacifist Guardians of the Tower of Babylon. For it, finding worthy players was a pastime, and it liked to test them personally each time they appeared in its domain. 

"Who wants to go next?" Oogwei asked its disciples. 

"I will go next!" Leonardude stepped forward. 

However, before Leonardude could say the details of its challenge, it was dragged away by Donutella, and Michalangelhoe. 

"Whatever you do, don't challenge them in an eating contest," Donutella whispered. "You've seen that girl's ability, right? The ending will be the same. Although you are our team's greatest eater, and I am the greatest drinker, we won't win against her!"

Leonardude nodded its head. "I know. Don't worry, the one that will be eating will be us, and not her."

Michaelangelhoe heard its two siblings and understood what Leonardude was planning.


"So, you're going to do that, right?" Michaelangelhoe whispered.

"Exactly," Leonardude smirked.

"You're playing dirty."

"This is called tactics. There is nothing dirty about it."

The three Demi-Turtles exchanged glances and smiled evilly.

William's sensitive hearing was able to hear their conversation. However, what the three talked about was not enough to give him a hint of what the next test was going to be.

"Okay, this will be your next test," Leonardude snapped its fingers and a portable kitchen appeared in front of it. "Your next test is that you will cook me some food. If I like it, you will pass my test."

"That's it?" William inquired.

"That's it," Leonardude replied. "Easy, right?"

Donutella, Michaelangelhoe, and Narnyah~ snickered internally. This was a trick that Leonardude always pulled when it planned to fail a player. Even if the food was delicious, it would say that it was trash, automatically making the challenger fail.

Oogwei sighed internally because it could tell that its disciple was at it again. This was not the first time Leonardude did this, but the little turtle didn't prevent it from doing so. It believed that if the players were fated to win, not even this dirty trick was enough to stop them from climbing the tower.

"Very well, I will be the one to take this challenge," William walked towards the portable kitchen and checked the tools that were available. They were the same cooking equipment that were commonly used in the world of Hestia, but William's dish required something more modern.

Because of this, William decided to ask if he could bend the rules of the test a bit.

"Can I use my own equipment and ingredients in his test?" William asked.

Leonardude thought for a moment before nodding its head. 

"I don't mind," Leonardude replied. "In fact, this is better. Give me your best shot."


"Thank you."

"No need to thank me. All you need to do is cook."

Leonardude laughed internally because he was confident that no matter what kind of ingredients, or methods William used, the ending would still be the same. The Demi-turtle would just say that the food was not delicious and fail William on the spot.

The Half-Elf was not aware of this sinister plan that Leonardude was thinking. 

The reason?

He was confident that he could make something that would make the Demi-turtle ask for more.

'System, get me a portable oven that can be used anywhere. It will be best if it is powered by Magic Crystals or Beast Cores. Also, get me these ingredients. Make sure that they are of high quality.'

< Understood. >

The System immediately opened the God Shop to gather everything that William needed. The Half-Elf didn't even need to spend more than Ten God Points in order to acquire everything that he needed.

William took out a big mixing bowl, and used his magic to create 3/4 cup of warm water. After that, he poured a pack of active yeast inside the bowl and gave it a quick stir.

Chiffon stood by his side and watched William as he did his work. She didn't know what her Big Brother was making, but watching him work with a smile on his face piqued her curiosity.

William placed the mixing bowl to the side and let it rest for a few minutes, as he took out the other ingredients from his storage ring. 

The Half-Elf took another mixing bowl and poured two cups of flour inside it. He then added a pinch of salt and sugar before giving it a mix with a whisk. After that was done, he took the mixing bowl with the yeast in it.

William poured a quarter of the flour in the bowl and used his hand to mix it. He added more flour along the way as he kneaded the dough. Chiffon who was watching from the side felt her hand itch because what her Big brother was doing looked fun.

"Interesting," Oogwei muttered as it looked at the dough in William's hands. 

The Demi-turtles weren't too impressed because they thought that William was just going to make bread. They ignored William's performance and instead, played cards with each other. Only Oogwei kept on watching William as its eyes sparkled with genuine interest.


William placed the dough to the side to let it rest. He then glanced at Chiffon who looked to be fascinated with what he was doing. In the end, William decided to let the little girl have fun and let her play a bit in dough making.

William gave her a batch of ingredients and watched from the side as Chiffon imitated what he did earlier, albeit a bit clumsy at first. 

The pink-haired girl had a photographic memory. She could instantly recall things that she had seen in the past. After watching William's work from start to finish, Chiffon only nodded to follow his steps to create a dough of her own.

The little girl kneaded the dough with great interest. Although she still couldn't smile, William noticed that her eyes held myrth in them. Clearly, Chiffon was having fun with her dough making session.

After watching Chiffon for a while, William returned to his own work. He took the dough and placed it inside the multi-purpose special oven that has a special "speeding up" function that works well when getting pizza dough to rise.

A minute later, William took the dough out of the oven and placed it on top of the table. He then sprinkled some flour on the table before placing the pizza dough on top of it. He then summoned a rolling pin and started to shape it. 

Chiffon had also taken the pizza dough from the special oven and started using a rolling pin to shape it, imitating William. 

William made the dough on his hand spin, and Chiffon did the same. The two even had a pizza dough spinning contest, which made Oogwei climb on top of the table to have a better look. 

After the two had their fill, William remoulded the pizza dough to have the shape he wanted. He then brushed its top with a little bit of oil. He then added pizza sauce, mozzarella cheese, mushroom, sausage, and pepperoni.

William admired his work for a few seconds before placing his creation inside his multi-purpose special oven.

"We just need to wait ten minutes," William said to Chiffon, who was currently placing the toppings on her own pizza.

"Big Brother, what do you call this food?" Chiffon asked after she finished her work.

William smirked before giving his creation a name. "This is called Kawabangga Pizza. This will lead us to victory."

The Half-Elf glanced at the Demi-Turtles that were busy playing cards not far from them. He already had a feeling that this test was rigged from the start, and Leonardude had no intention of letting them win.

Since that was the case, he would force the sucker to accept defeat by using the food that was known to be the favorite of the Ninja Tortols in his world. 

The moment he took the pizza out of the oven, a delicious smell spread across the surroundings. Chiffon narrowed her eyes and gulped subconsciously. She was very tempted to eat the Kawabangga Pizza that William had made because it looked delicious.


The four Demi-turtles simultaneously turned their heads to look in William's direction. It was clear that the smell had caught their interest, which made the Half-Elf chuckle internally. 

He knew that it was just a matter of time before they cleared the Third Floor of Babylon. However, before that, he planned to do something to the Demi-Turtles first to ensure that his climb to the Tower would be a smooth one.


Chapter 577

The Demi-Turtles walked towards William's location with calm expressions on their faces. As Oogwei's disciples, they used their strong will power to prevent themselves from stuffing their faces with the unknown dish that William had made for them.

"This is Kawabangga Pizza?" Leonardude asked. "Well, I'll give you a passing grade for the presentation. However, the most important part is the taste."

William nodded his head as he cut the pizza into several slices. After he was done, he took a slice and gave it to Oogwei, the next slice he gave to Chiffon. 

The Half-Elf took the third and ate it in front of everyone.

Leonardude gulped and hurriedly took a pizza slice to eat. The other Demi-turtles didn't want to be left out and secured their own.

The moment the pizza entered their mouths, they tasted an explosion of flavors that put them into a daze. William smirked because he got the intended effect that he wanted. 

Before Leonardude could even recover his senses, William took advantage of the situation and asked him a question.

"Is it good?" William asked.

"It is the best!" Leonardude replied.

"Did we pass?"

"You did!"

The moment Leonardude gave his approval, the Demi-Turtle realized that he had fallen into William's trap. 

The Half-Elf grinned and offered the regretful turtle another pizza slice, which the latter gobbled up in fury.

"This is good," Oogwei stated. "Can you give me a recipe?"

"Of course," William replied. "But on one condition."


Oogwei smiled. It knew that William was planning something, but it didn't know what it was. As a Guardian, there were certain things that it could and couldn't do while it was inside the Tower. However, he was also curious about what kind of condition the red-headed teenager wanted to ask of him.

"Earlier, you said that the Agnis Family will probably hunt us down, and make our climb in the tower difficult, right?" William looked at the Guardian of the Third Floor with a serious expression.

Oogwei nodded its head. "Right."

"Can you prevent them from following us?"

"I can't. Guardians are not allowed to harm any player within the Tower.

William sighed before he picked up the pizza that Chiffon had made, and placed it inside the oven to bake. 

The Demi-turtles glanced at each other. After tasting William's pizza, they had a feeling that they wouldn't be able to live without it. In order to satisfy this craving, they had to get William's recipe and the weird looking Oven in his possession.

"Master may not be able to do it, but we can," Michaelangelhoe stated. "However, we cannot leave the Third Floor. The only thing we could do is deal with them on this floor."

"That's right." Donutella nodded. "The players in the tower could return to any floor that they wanted, as long as they were able to clear it. Even if you deal with your pursuers on this floor, they could still jump to the Fourth Floor in order to hunt the two of you down."

William listened to the Demi-turtles' explanation with a frown. They had made an enemy of the Agnis Family that ruled the Second Floor of the Tower. Since they were one of the major forces in Babylon, they could send their lackeys to prevent William and Chiffon from climbing higher.

Although William wasn't afraid of conflict, he was not fond of being chased by mercenaries from behind.

Seeing the frown on William's face, Narnyah decided to offer a solution. 

"I have an idea," Narnyah commented from the side. "We can capture those pursuers for you and hold them here for a short period of time. Unfortunately, we are not allowed to kill the players, so this is the most we can do for you."

Oogwei listened as it ate its pizza in peace. It had already felt the members of the Agnis Family enter his domain, but they were spawned at the bottom of the valley where the trial town was located. It would take them some time to track William's and Chiffon's whereabouts.

"The fighters of the Agnis Family have arrived," Oogwei announced. "Looks like you made the Patriarch angry with your rejection. He didn't bat an eye and sent forty experts to hunt you down. According to the standards in this world, they have sent fifteen Mithril Rankers, ten Black Rankers, and one Saint."


William scratched his head in irritation, "What a pain."

"Like my Disciples said earlier, we can keep them here for a time. Since they have already cleared this place once, they can come and go as they pleased," Oogwei explained. "My domain is big, so it will take considerable time for them to find you. 

"My Disciples' offer still stands. Although they cannot kill players, they can beat them up and detain them for a time. What do you want to do?"

William crossed his arms over his chest and pondered. A few minutes later, he opened his eyes and asked Oogwei a question.

"Xod said that he has the authority to send us to a higher floor in the tower," William said. "Can you do that, too?"

Oogwei nodded its head. "I can send you up to the 9th Floor. However, the ruling family there is similar to the Agnis Family. Since you have passed my test, I can send you there anytime you want. Do you want me to send you there, right now?"

William shook his head. "Not now. However, I will ask this favor later."

The Half-Elf looked down at the Trial Town below the cliff. He decided to get rid of their pursuers now rather than deal with them at a later time.

Inside the Trial Town…

"Have you seen them?" 

"No, Sir."

"Keep looking! You need to find them as soon as possible!" Byron, the High-Ranker of the Agnis Family, ordered.

Inside the tower, those that had the rank of Saints were referred to as High-Rankers. They were the epitome of strength, and not many could face them in battle. Every ruling family in the tower had at least one of these powerful fighters under their wing.

They were the so-called deterrence to keep everyone in line and not make trouble for the families that ruled the floors that they owned.

Byron didn't feel embarrassed about hunting down two teenagers because this was his job. The Agnis Family had paid him a hefty amount of Tokens that allowed him to reach his rank after forming a binding contract with them.


"That fool missed a golden opportunity," Byron snorted. "If he only agreed to the Agnis Family, he would definitely become a High-Ranker after three to four years."

Right after Byron said these words, he heard a chuckle behind his back.

"Three to four years to reach Sainthood?" a red-headed teenager said in disdain. "Too slow. Now I understand why you're already this old before you became a High-Ranker. You don't have the qualifications to be one, so you used a shortcut to become a Saint."

The teenager curled up his lips as if mocking Byron's talents.

"It's you!" Byron stood up and lunged at the boy. Although William had ridiculed him, he didn't let it go to his head and prioritized the boy's capture. The warriors of the Agnis Family also recognized the Half-Elf and joined their leader in subjugating him. 

William stood still and only smirked at the Saint, and his men, who were only a few meters away from him.

Byron was just about to punch the boy's chest when something golden appeared in his vision. The next thing he knew, he was hurtling towards the ground with blood seeping out of its mouth.

The same thing happened to his subordinates, but they got it worse than Byron because their ranks were lower than him.

The High-Ranker wiped the blood from the side of his lips as he raised his head to look at William, who was holding a golden-metallic rod in his hand.

"Kawabangga, Motherf*ckers!"

The Half-Elf sneered as he prepared to annihilate the hunters who now became the hunted. William had long known when to show mercy and when to eradicate the problem at its root. The only reason why he couldn't confront the Agnis Family directly was because they had formed a contract with the Guardian of the Second Floor.

The moment someone attacked the members of their family, the Guardian would appear and deal with the threat to honor the contract. Because of this, the ruling family of each floor enjoyed unchallengeable safety in their own domains.

Each Guardian was equivalent to a Demigod, so William didn't want to fight them in a head-on battle. 

William might not be able to fight against a Demigod, but fighting against a Saint, and his lackeys, was not a big deal for him when he used his Heroic Avatar.

The Patriarch of the Agnis Family thought that the forces he sent to hunt down William and Chiffon were more than enough to capture two brats. He even thought that it was overkill. 


If he only knew William's true identity then he might have turned a blindeye on the incident that happened in his domain, and let bygones be bygones. 

Unfortunately, he didn't know. And this was why the subordinates, whom he had sent to seize the two teenagers, were never heard from again.


Chapter 578

Nine days had passed since William began his climb in the tower of Babylon. The Kraetor Empire had focused all of its attention in preparation for a Grand Tournament, where several prodigies from all over the Central Continent would come to participate.

Of course, Emperor Leonidas had also sent several invitations to the ruling factions in the Silvermoon Continent, the Demonic Continent, and the Gunnar Federation.

The Gunnar Federation was composed of many kingdoms in the Western Continent. Unlike the relationship between the Hellan Kingdom, Anaesha Dynasty, Zelan Dynasty, and Kingdom of Freesia, the members of the Gunnar Federation were all allied with each other.

They had done this to repel the invaders that had attempted to conquer their lands thousands of years ago, and their alliance had remained strong even through the passing of time.

There was no invitation sent to the Southern Continent because they had just suffered a calamity of unprecedented proportions. 

"Just as we expected, the number of participants has exceeded our expectations," Evexius said. 

Emperor Leonidas nodded his head in agreement. "How about the venue? Will we make it in time?"

"Rest assured, Your Majesty. Our Archamages are giving their best to create hundreds of platforms, where the initial battles will be held. The Grand Arena is also undergoing a massive renovation to accommodate the guests coming from all over the world."

Emperor Leonidas and several rulers of the Central Continent had a meeting earlier, to talk about the prizes that would be given away to the semi-finalists and the champion of the tournament. 

Having so many sponsors for the event, the prizes were something that any member of the young generation would gladly get their hands on. According to their discussion, several people from the different empires would serve as referees to facilitate the hundreds of battles that would be happening at the same time.

All the major powers in the continent had unanimously agreed that the Demons were not allowed to become referees and would only send their candidates to participate in the tournament. 

The Demon King remained indifferent during the entire meeting, and only listened to the discussion. The Major Powers in the Central Continent weren't afraid of him because if he did anything funny, they would all launch a crusade and erase him from the face of the world.

Also, the Demons still hadn't fully recovered from their invasion in the Silvermoon Continent. It would still take them a decade, or two, to regain the power that they once held. However, even if they did, they would not be stupid to challenge the might of the forces in the Central Continent. 


"One of the Elven participants has arrived," Evexius reported. "According to him, there are four of them in total. His colleagues will arrive three weeks from now. For the time being, we allowed him to stay in the special residences we have prepared. He is being given VIP treatment by our men."

Emperor Leonidas nodded. "For now, tell the generals to increase the security in the capital. I don't want any mouse to take advantage of this event to dig into the secrets of our Empire."

"Understood." Evexius bowed.

Although the preparations were getting hectic, he was sure that everything would be finished a few days before the tournament began. This was the grandest tournament since the founding of their empire, and they wanted to impress the guests that would soon be visiting their lands.

Meanwhile in the world renowned Hestia Academy…

A lady wearing a white academic dress stood in front of the gates as if waiting for someone. Two fairy-like beings sat on her shoulder and kept her company during this vigil. 

Five minutes later, a loud shriek was heard in the sky and a Dark Raven descended a few meters away from her. 

A sweet smile appeared on the lady's face as she walked towards it, in order to greet the person whom she had not seen for many years.

Celine dismounted the raven's back and opened her arms wide.

The lady wearing the white academic dress jumped into Celine's arms and hugged her tight.

"Silly girl. You're already this old and you still don't know how to control yourself," Celine chastised her little sister, but her gaze was filled with love and affection.

"I missed you, Big Sister," Celeste said as she continued to hug her twin.

Celine sighed and patted her sister's head. It had indeed been a long time since they had seen each other, and she missed Celeste dearly as well.


After a few minutes, Celeste reluctantly took a step back before grabbing hold of Celine's hand.

"Let's go to my room," Celeste proposed. "I'm sure you are tired of your journey. I'll have the staff prepare us something good to eat, while we do some catching up."

Celine nodded with a smile. She was indeed tired from the journey. But, after seeing that her little sister seemed to be doing well and was very healthy, her exhaustion decreased by a good margin.

Fifteen minutes later, the two beautiful ladies were sipping tea and sharing stories with each other. 

"I've heard about what happened in the Southern Continent," Celeste said as she placed her teacup on the table. "Actually, I went there along with an acquaintance in order to check if you were safe and sound. 

"Unfortunately, there was a powerful barrier that prevented us from reaching our destination. We tried to break it, but it was of no use. In the end, we decided to return here to the Academy."

Celine sighed, "It's good that you didn't get caught up in that mess. If you were there, things might have become more complicated."

Celine narrated the things that happened right after the Continental Spell was activated. How the elves treated the citizens of the Zelan Dynasty, and how the battle ended. By the time she finished, the sun was about to set.

Celeste felt saddened about the outcome of the war. She was also an Elf, and hearing the news that millions of them had died in battle, made her sigh in regret.

"Wow! What an interesting Half-Elf," One of the fairy-like creatures with short blonde hair and blue eyes, said with a smile. "Where is he now? Did you bring him with you?"

"Chloee, don't be rude to our guest," the other fairy with short green hair, and gray eyes commented. "I apologize for my sister's rudeness. She doesn't think before she acts."

"Don't pretend, Claire." Chloee stared at her twin. "I'm sure that Half-Elf had piqued your interest as well."

Claire didn't deny or affirm Chloee's statement. She just smiled and shifted her attention to Celine. The little fairy's eyes were giving Celine the, "Is he with you?" stare.


"He's not with me," Celine replied with great interest. "William is currently climbing the Tower of Babylon. It seemed that he needed to do something there."

Chloee's eyes sparkled as she flew in front of Celine. 

"The Tower of Babylon?" Chloee asked. "That tower that goes all the way up to the sky with no end in sight?"

Celine nodded and appraised the little fairy with a critical eye. 

"Is she the chatty familiar you've told me in your letters?" Celine inquired. 

Celeste grabbed the over-excited Chloee and held her in place. "Sorry. Chloee can get over-excited at times."

"Don't worry about it," Celine replied. "This is the first time I've seen a familiar like her. She looks exactly like you when you were younger. I guess this is because of your Familiamancer Profession, right?"

Unlike Chloee and Claire who had shoulder length hair that ended up in a curl, Celeste's hair was long, just like Celine's. 

"Yes." Celeste nodded. "This is the power of the profession I received in the ancient ruin I talked to you about."

Celeste then released the pouting Chloee from her grasp before looking back at Celine with a serious expression.

"Big Sister, I already noticed this earlier, but, where is the slave collar that was placed on your neck?" Celeste asked. 

Celine smiled as she gazed at the Collar of Wisteria that was still on her little sister's neck. The collar that held many secrets that were only known to a handful of people back in the Silvermoon Continent.

"I gave it to my Disciple," Celine replied. She didn't have any reason to hide the truth from her sister because the collars on their necks played a very important role in their lives. "He wore it until the war ended, but due to circumstances, he placed it on the neck of another."


Celeste's eyes widened in surprise. She never thought that her proud sister would pass her collar to anyone. Because of this, she was itching to know more about her sister's Disciple, whose fate had already been tied with Celine's.


Chapter 579

"Have you still not heard of any news from our men?" Waltier Agnis, the Patriarch of the Agnis family asked his right hand man. 

He was the person who held the highest authority within the Second Floor of the Tower of Babylon. Ever since their family had changed the rules of the trial, very few people were able to climb to the next floor.

They were using the second floor as a base in order to make the talented challengers of the tower to become their subordinates. This practice had been going on for hundreds of years, and the Agnis Family had profited greatly from this practice.

"There's still no word from them, My Lord." The middle-aged man bowed his head in apology. "The Third Floor is quite big, and our men might be having trouble finding their targets. I already received reports from our spies on the Fourth Floor. 

"None of them have seen anyone who closely resembles the two teenagers who passed our trial. It is quite possible that they are still on the Third Floor. They promised to send us a report as soon as they found people matching the portraits that we have drawn for them."

Waltier nodded his head. "Keep me updated for any news regarding those two."

"Yes, My Lord."

"Leave me. I want to be alone."

The middle-aged man bowed again before leaving the room. He pitied the two teenagers because Waltier was known to be a ruthless individual. He was sure that if William and Chiffon were to fall in his hands, their fate would be sealed.

"That red-headed teenager brought up a bad memory," Waltier muttered. The image of a man accompanied by a Taotie appeared inside the Patriarch's head. 

That person had challenged their family openly, and they were left with no choice but to apologize and compensate him. That was a stain in the history of their family. One that the patriarch had long wanted to forget, but was unable but to do so.

'Fortunately, he is dead,' Waltier thought as he closed his eyes. 'That Maxwell, I hope he suffers in hell.'


William had stayed on Oogwei's floor for a week. After wiping out the group that were hunting them, he decided to wait until the cooldown of his Heroic Avatar was ready. 

He didn't know how many Saints the Agnis Family had under their wing, but William decided to play it safe and learn more about the Guardians of each floor from Oogwei, whom he bribed with several recipes that were not present in the world of Hestia.

The little turtle was more than happy to host William and Chiffon in his Domain. When Oogwei asked if the Half-Elf wanted to meet the ruling family of the third floor, William politely declined. He didn't want to involve others in his affairs.

"So, the Guardians will not make a move even if someone attacks the ruling families," William commented. "However, will they interfere if there is a possibility that the family's entire bloodline was facing extinction?"

"Yes." Oogwei nodded. "Mind you, there are many factional disputes even among the ruling families. There were even cases when they fought against each other to gain the role of administrators for the floor.

"We Guardians stay out of these family feuds, and allow them to duke it out. We will only interfere if less than twenty members of the family remain. So, if you're thinking of attacking one of the families in Babylon, I suggest that you just kill the annoying ones. If you went too far, the Guardians will have no choice but to subjugate you."

Oogwei smirked. The floor that it was planning to send William and Chiffon to was such a floor. The 9th Floor has a very unique balance of power. The two sons of the current ruler of the Tristan Family were at war with each other.

The Patriarch of the Clan was bedridden and there was no telling when he would kick the bucket. Because of this, the two brothers fought for succession because they had differing outlooks on life.

Although the elders in the family tried to mediate, both brothers didn't want to pay them any heed, so the elders decided to just let them do what they wanted.

The Eldest Brother wanted to retain the status quo, but the youngest wanted to bring change. Because of this, the main family, and the branch family were split and fought against each other for supremacy.

The players of the 9th Floor were forced to choose between the two sides. They couldn't advance unless one of the two won their succession war. Their fighting had already been going on for two years, and right now, the Older Brother had the advantage.

This was why the Youngest of the two was desperate for help from new players that entered their floor. He hoped that one of these players would be strong enough to tip the balance in his favor. 


Oogwei had made sure to explain the current situation of the Tristan Family to William. After hearing the details, the Half-Elf thanked the little turtle, while he pondered about his next course of action.

He was left with two choices, the first choice was to take the shortcut and jump straight to the 9th Floor, or climb the tower up to the 7th Floor. The Guardian of the 7th Floor was a close friend of Oogwei.

The little turtle assured William that as long as he passed the Guardian's Trial, he could use his authority to help William jump to the 12th floor directly.

After weighing the pros and cons, William decided to bite the bullet and jump to the 9th Floor directly. 

The reason why William decided to go to the 9th Floor was due to the fact that this floor allowed slavery. 

The Older Brother wanted the slave trade to continue, while the younger one wanted to abolish it completely. Choosing which side to support was a no brainer to William. 

A day later, William and Chiffon faced Oogwei and his disciples. It was now time for them to continue their journey. During that one week living with the Demi-Turtles, the group had become good friends.

The Demi-Turtles were more than happy to spar with William and Chiffon. Through their matches, the little girl had become accustomed to fighting alongside William in group battles. 

The Half-Elf was also impressed with how fast Chiffon was able to learn moves that she had seen for the first time. Perhaps it was due to her Photographic Memory, or maybe the pink-haired girl was that talented.

Whatever the reason was, Chiffon was like a sponge that absorbed the different fighting styles of the four Demi-Turtles who had become her friends, in the time that they were together.

"Take care, both of you," Donutella said. "If things get rough, feel free to return to the Third Floor. We will gladly welcome the two of you with open arms."

"That's right!" Leonardude commented. "Come visit us anytime!"


Michaelangelhoe shook William's hand, and gave Chiffon a pat on the head. 

"Although we can't accompany you in your endeavors, know that we will wish for your success from this floor." Narnyah winked. "May both of you be safe, and may we see each other again."

""Thank you."" 

William and Chiffon replied at the same time. The two of them were very grateful due to the hospitality that Oogwei and the Demi-Turtles had given them during their stay. 

The Half-Elf held Chiffon's hands tightly as he waited for Oogwei to send them to their destination. Chiffon leaned close to William and clung to his arm. If not for the fact that both of their hair colors were different, people would think that the two of them were a brother and sister pair that were climbing the tower together.

"See you again," Oogwei said. "Goodluck to both of you."

After saying its parting words, Oogwei raised its foot and both William and Chiffon turned into beams of light that shot towards the sky. 

Oogwei believed that although the two teenagers would face difficult challenges as they climbed the Tower of Babylon, he was sure that William, and Chiffon, would be able to overcome them as long as they were together.

'I sent you the help you wanted, Yves,' Oogwei thought. 'Now, it's time for you to give me those heavenly cucumbers you promised me two days ago.'

Oogwei returned to the Guardian's Hall to look for his friend and ask for payment. William didn't know that he, and Chiffon, had been sold by the little turtle for a dozen heavenly cucumbers.

If only he knew that this was just Oogwei's ruse to get some free snacks, William would have tossed the Guardian inside a pot, and used it as the main ingredient for turtle soup. 

The Guardians of the Tower had been bored as of late, so they participated in games of intrigue. William and Chiffon were the new players that had caught their interest. They even placed bets on how far the two could climb the tower. 


For them, the plight of the players was merely entertainment. As long as they could relieve their boredom, they were more than happy to move the strings behind the scenes. That way the entertainment that they were watching would be a little bit more interesting. 


Chapter 580

After knowing the truth, Celeste pressed her sister for answers, which went on for an hour before the two decided to have dinner together.

"I wish I could meet him, this William," Celeste said as she sat on the couch with her twin sister.

Celine smirked. "Don't worry. I'm sure that you'll meet him sooner or later. He's a handful, but I've watched him since he was ten years old. I can vouch that he is a good person, albeit narcissistic."

Celeste giggled as she leaned on her sister. Celine knew exactly what she wanted so she wrapped her arms around Celine and brushed her twin sister's light-green hair, that was as smooth as silk, with her hand.

If the students of the academy could see their beautiful Elven Professor right now, all of them would be shocked because she was acting like a spoiled little girl. Just like Celine, Celeste was an exceptional beauty, even among the elves.

She would often receive marriage proposals from nobles, princes, and even very influential figures that hailed from all over the Central Continent. Unfortunately, she rejected them all.

The Sin she carried and the prophecy of the Elves prevented her from having a relationship with anyone. The collar on her neck also protected her from being enslaved, and forced against her will. 

If anyone was foolish enough to take her by force, all of them would suffer a fate that was worse than death.

"Big Sister, is he?" Celeste asked. After hearing Celine's tale, she managed to connect the dots together, which led to a possibility. 

However, Celine's answer invalidated the suspicion she had in mind.


"No," Celine replied firmly. "He's not the Prince of Darkness. I used my body to confirm this. It can't be wrong. But, if you still have reservations, you can check every inch of it later when we bathe together. 

"There's a possibility that it appeared in a place that I couldn't see. Would you be a dear, and do a detailed diagnosis of my body? Your ability allows you to do that, right?"

Celeste nodded her head. For her sister to use her maidenhood to confirm whether her Disciple was the Prince in the prophecy was something she didn't expect. 

She had long known that Celine had wanted to break free from the shackles of Fate that bound her. But, the method her twin sister used was quite extreme. 

Celeste didn't want to admit it, but she was quite envious of her sister's strong determination. Unfortunately, she couldn't do the same. The Sin she possessed wouldn't allow that to happen. 

"Don't worry, Big Sister," Celeste said as she held Celine's hand. "When I find who the real Prince is. I will do my best to… kill him."

Celine squeezed Celeste's hand and shook her head. "If you were to cross paths with him, run away as far as you can. I will be the one to kill him. You don't need to dirty your hands."

Celeste bit her lip in frustration. It was always Celine that protected her from the shadows. Although she had killed people before, she was not very fond of it. Unlike Celine that wouldn't bat an eye in ending someone else's life, Celeste wasn't that coldhearted.

This was why she was quite thankful that she received the rare profession Familiamancer. It allowed her to summon two powerful familiars that did the dirty work for her.

"I have a favor to ask you," Celine said as she looked straight into Celeste's blue eyes. "I will be going to the Demon Continent soon. I don't know when I will be able to return to the Central and Southern Continent.


"If you crossed paths with my Disciple, look after him for me. He is a magnet for trouble, and I'm afraid that he will be doing something troublesome during his stay here in the Central Continent."

Celeste nodded, but she couldn't help but tease her sister for worrying too much about her Disciple.

"He sounds like a problem child." Celeste chuckled. "Just what did you see in him to make him your Disciple?"

"... I lost a bet with him."

"E-Excuse me?"

Celine chuckled because it was true that she became William's Master because of a bet. Back then, she thought that the boy was just bluffing, so she agreed to bet with him. 

She never thought that one of the little Shepherds of Lont, who herded goats, would someday be a conqueror that would command an army that numbered in the millions.

The image of William standing on top of Ella flashed in her mind. A few seconds later, it was replaced by William standing on top of a Bone Dragon, commanding an Undead Army that had massacred the Elves without mercy.

A frown appeared on Celine's beautiful face when she remembered that scene that happened years ago. Although William hadn't turned into a complete undead. He still suffered from bloodthirst due to the effects of Malacai's staff.

During the week that they were together inside Eternity, she had offered her blood to William. Celine thought that William would reject her offer. However, the Half-Elf shamelessly accepted her offer, and sank his fangs into her tender breast.


Back then, the feeling of pleasure that washed over her body intoxicated her. Now, she understood why the Elves that were living inside her disciple's Thousand Beast Domain, were very eager to have their blood sucked by their new Master.

The feeling was simply too good to be true.

Her only gripe was the location where William decided to suck her blood. He could have bitten her neck like he does to others, but the Half-Elf had to take her blood from that part of her body.

A blush appeared on Celine's face when she remembered that scene. She silently cursed William for being shameless, because he did it not once, but twice, during the week that they were together. 

"Big Sister, what's wrong?" Celeste asked after noticing the redness of Celine's face. "Is something wrong?"

"No," Celine replied to hide her embarrassment. "I think I had too much of the wine we drank during dinner."

"Big Sister, you only drank one cup. Usually, it takes at least twenty cups before that wine has any effect on you."

"It's been years since I drank wine. I guess my tolerance went down during that period."

Celeste looked at her big sister with a doubtful expression. However, since she didn't want to ruin the mood, she decided to toss it to the side and talk about other things.

During the entirety of the night, the two beautiful elves chatted about the experiences they had during the time that they weren't together. They no longer talked about the Elven Prophecy, or the Prince that would one day claim one of them as his bride.


The two of them only had a few days together, and they were trying to make up for the years that they had been separated. Both of them didn't know when they would meet again. However, one thing was certain.

The peace that both of them shared at the moment, would soon disappear, like the fleeting clouds in the horizon. 


Chapter 581

The Ninth Floor of the Tower of Babylon was called the Floor of Partings.

The reason for this name was that when the tower just opened, this floor had been a turning point for most of the players who challenged the tower.

This was the floor that many people hated, especially if they came to the tower in groups of two or more. The reason? The trial of this floor required a party to fight against each other.

If the party had two members, only one of them would proceed to the next floor. If the party had six, three of them would pass. 

What happened if the group was an odd number? That was the worst part. If there were three people in the group, only one of them could pass. If there were five, only two of them would pass. 

For a group of seven, only three could proceed to the next floor. 

This was why this Floor was called the Floor of Partings. It is the floor where people had to separate with their family, friends, and acquaintances in order to proceed to the next stage of their journey.

The players that had been left behind wouldn't be able to challenge the tower for half a year. This was a long period of time, and most people just spent their days in the City of Babylon, waiting for their family, friends, and acquaintances to reunite with them, if they ever decided to stop climbing the Tower of Babylon.

"Xander, your tyranny ends today."

"You're a fool, Xavier. Why don't you embrace the legacy that has been passed down to us? This is our birthright, you should just embrace it!"

"Shut up!" Xavier roared as he attacked his Big Brother using his blade.

Xander calmly parried Xavier's blow before counterattacking. 

Since Xavier specialized in speed and mobility, he was able to evade his Big Brother's attack that had been targeted at his legs. 

Around the two combatants, a great battle was taking place. Both their subordinates were duking it out, and casualties were piling up on both sides.


Xander had found his little brother's hideout and mobilized an army, to finally put an end to their couple years-long struggle for the position of Patriarch. 

It was quite unfortunate that Xavier was not an easy bone to chew, and Xander had attacked his home turf. Although the older among the two had superior numbers, this advantage was greatly reduced after being subjected to traps, and guerilla type warfare.

When the two forces finally clashed against each other, the disparity wasn't that big, and the battle raged with great intensity.

"Just surrender and accept your fate!" Xander shouted as two of his subordinates bombarded Xavier with magic spells that were meant to restrain him and slow down his movements.

Xavier angrily cursed his Big Brother's dirty tactic. He had long known that Xander would not bat an eye in resorting to playing dirty as long as his goal was achieved. 

"Bastard! Fight me one on one!" Xavier backed away in order to dodge the bombardment that rained above his head. 

Xander sneered as he closed the gap between himself and his little brother. He had timed his attack perfectly with his subordinate to create an opportunity to kill his brother before his subordinates appeared to help him.

Just as he was about to deliver the killing blow, two beams of light descended from the sky. 

Xander's sword hit something solid, preventing him from ending his brother's life. He cursed internally because he didn't expect that something would get in his way of ending the battle that he thought was already in the bag.

William and Chiffon, who just arrived at the 9th Floor, found themselves in the middle of a war between the two brothers.

They didn't expect that they would arrive in this manner, and were confused on what to do next. However, after looking at the glaring person in front of him, an idea popped inside William's head.

"Who are you?" William asked as he looked who seemed to have lost all his money in the casino by going all in.

"I am Xander Alf Tristan!" Xander declared. "Get out of my way or die!"

William nodded as he took a fighting stance.


"So you're the older brother," William replied. "Thanks. That is all I need to know."

Without any warning, William immediately lunged at Xander in order to knock him unconscious. Unfortunately, Xander had already raised his guard the moment William made his appearance. He activated an artifact that allowed him to teleport away from his location for a few meters. 

This move, however, didn't deter William as he stomped on the ground to continue his pursuit. Chiffon was already running behind William and was closing the distance at a rapid pace.

Their goal was to capture Xander and use him as a hostage to stop the war. He didn't intend to kill the guy because the Guardian paid close attention to the direct bloodline of the main family. 

He already had the Agnis Family hounding his backside. He didn't want the Tristan Family to be added to that list.

"Who are you?!" Xander asked in irritation. "Why are you getting in my way?!"

This was the first time that Xander saw William. It didn't take long for him to realize that the red-headed teenager was a player who had just arrived in their domain. This was why he couldn't understand why the new arrival seemed to be determined to fight him at all cost.

William didn't reply because he didn't come to this floor to talk. His goal was the 51st Floor, so taking care of Xander was just a means to an end. 

Just as he was about to clash with his target, several chains rained down from the sky. 

William dodged to the side and unleashed a powerful gust of wind to blow away the chains that came out of nowhere. 

Xander took this opportunity to teleport away. But, William also had an ability that allowed him to move as fast as lightning. The moment Xander Teleported, William appeared right in front of him with his wooden staff raised high.

A resounding clap reverberated across the battlefield.

William flew several meters away before falling on the ground with a thud. A second later, he was back at his feet again and stared at Xander with a frown.

'That hurt,' William thought as he endured the throbbing pain on his right chest. The moment he unleashed an attack to knock Xander unconscious, a powerful defensive spell erupted from the artifact hanging on his target's neck, sending him flying a few meters away.


"It won't work," Xavier appeared beside William. "I don't know who you are, but my brother can't be damaged or killed by anyone except me. The necklaces on our neck were given to us by his Excellency, Yves, to prevent other people from taking our lives."

Earlier, the spells that Xander's subordinates aimed at him weren't damaging spells, but restraining spells. This was why the artifact that Xavier was wearing didn't activate. 

William scratched his head because Oogwei didn't tell him anything about the artifact. However, since he was now informed about the rules between the siblings' battle, he would not commit the same mistake again and use restraining spells in order to let Xavier deal the killing blow to his brother.

Just as William was about to put his plan into action, two men appeared beside Xander that exuded the power of Saints. 

At the same time, two people also landed beside Xavier and carried him far from William. They were the Two Saints working for Xavier. 

Although they had seen how William attacked Xander, they still couldn't trust him completely. They thought that this was all a ruse in order to get their Young Master's trust, so that Xavier would lower his guard.

It had happened a few times in the past, so the two men were very wary of William. Both of them had been enslaved by the Tristan Family, and it was Xavier that had set them free. Because of this, they had decided to fight for him in order to repay his kindness.

Before they completely assessed that William was indeed on their side then and only then would they allow Xavier to be in close proximity with him.

Chiffon landed beside William. When she saw her Big Brother get repelled by an invisible attack, she also stopped her advance and backed away as well. Fortunately, she reacted in time or else she might have been captured by the two Saints that were working for Xander.

"We will back away for now, but we will return," Xander declared. "Enjoy your short moment of reprieve, little brother. Your luck will not save you forever."

After spouting the lines of a third rate villain, Xander and his lackeys retreated. A variable had appeared on the battlefield and a glance was more than enough to tell them that William was not an ordinary person.

Xander still regretted the fact that he wasn't able to end his brother's life then and there. However he was not too worried.

They had already surrounded Xavier's base, so they were not optimistic about his chances of escaping. In short, the youngest of the two brothers was a cornered rat who had no choice but to bare his fangs and fight to the death.

Since that was the case, it didn't matter if they waited for more reinforcements before they went for the kill. Xander had already waited for more than a year. He could easily wait for a few days as long as his victory was guaranteed. 


William sighed as he watched Xander escape. He missed the chance to advance to the next floor due to lack of information. He didn't know if Oogwei didn't tell him on purpose, or if the little turtle had forgotten about the artifacts that protected the two brothers from outside interference.


Chapter 582

Oogwei ate its cucumbers with a satisfied expression on its face. Seated beside it was Xod, the Guardian of the Floor of Beginnings, and Yves, the Guardian of the Floor of Partings.

"It's good that you didn't tell him about the artifact," Yves said with a smile.

"Why should I?" Oogwei asked in an innocent tone. "That is already outside of my jurisdiction. I already gave him enough information about your floor. That in itself is already pushing the rules."

Xod and Yves nodded their heads. There was an unwritten rule between the Guardians of the Tower. None of them would actively get in the way of each other's business.

"Still, I have a feeling that the feud in your floor is about to end," Xod commented. It then grinned evilly because even if William were to succeed in helping Xavier become the Patriarch of the Tristan Family, the Half-Elf would still need to undertake Yves' trial to go to the 10th Floor.

Since William and Chiffon were a pair, one of them had to stay behind. This was the rule in Yves' domain and this rule had existed since the tower arrived in the World of Hestia.

Xod, Oogwei, and Yves were curious about who among the two would advance, and who would be the one who would be left behind. 

"Do the two of you want to bet?" Xod asked. "Let us all bet this month's salary. Winner takes all."

Yves nodded its head. "Sounds like a plan. I will give you a handicap and allow you to choose first."


The Guardian of the 9th Floor was a Giant Cobra with dark gold scales. Oogwei had many friends in the tower because of the little turtle's chill personality. Yves was one of them. Actually, Yves had asked Oogwei for the favor of bringing some new players to the 9th Floor to help end the battle faster.

It didn't care who among Xander and Xavier would win their fight for supremacy. It just wanted for things to end faster, so it asked its friend Oogwei for help.

The green-skinned Guardian nodded its head. Truth be told, it didn't know if William would leave Chiffon behind. However, it noticed that the little girl was very obedient to the Half-Elf's orders. Because of this, the chances of William climbing the tower was higher compared to Chiffon.

"Okay, I'll choose William," Xod said after careful consideration. "He will be the one to climb the tower and leave Chiffon behind."

Yves tongue flicked thrice before replying.

"Very well, I will choose Chiffon," Yves stated. "I will bet this month's salary."

The two Guardians smiled at each other because this was a rare occasion where they had raised the stakes this high. Gambling was a common pastime among the Guardians. Ever since the players failed to capture the 51st Floor, their daily lives had become monotonous.

Sometimes, they would go into hibernation for long periods of time. They would only awaken if something of importance happened in the Domain they supervised. Since each of them was responsible for taking care of a floor in Babylon, they still needed to perform their task when the circumstances called for it. 

Each Guardian would receive a salary every month. The currency they received from the tower was not tokens, but Karma Points.


These Karma Points that they received on a monthly basis, would allow them to exchange things from the Karma Shop. the items on the list couldn't be compared to the items that the mortals could exchange using their tokens in the tower.

The difference between the two was like night and day.

Some of the things that the Guardians could exchange from the Karma Shop were habitable planets, on which they would be worshipped as Gods. 

They could also buy the right to become a constellation. Once they became one, they could send their spirit to enter the cycle of reincarnation, and live a new life. In these new lives, they would be able to harness the power of their own constellations and wield the power they had in the past.

This was very similar to what happened to Ella. The only problem was that her constellation couldn't be seen in the world of Hestia. 

If her constellation was there, she would be able to unleash her full powers, without worrying about her vessel being unable to withstand its backlash. 

"Sounds fun," Oogwei interjected after it finished eating its cucumbers. "I will also bet this month's salary."

"Oh? Who would you bet on?" Xod asked with a smile.

Yves also looked at its friend with genuine curiosity.


"Since Xod has bet on William, and Yves chose Chiffon, I'll bet that both of them will proceed to the next floor together," Oogwei said with a smile.

Xod and Yves exchanged a glance before laughing together.

"Hahaha! Okay! Let's go with that! I didn't know that you were so generous." Xod said after it finished laughing. "You planned on giving your Karma Points for free. As one of your friends, I humbly accept your sacrifice."

Yves coiled up and lowered its head to look at its friend. "Oogwei, being wasteful is no good. It's impossible for your bet to happen. No one can disregard the rule of my Domain."

Oogwei grinned. "Just think of it as me raising the prize money for the both of you. Regardless of who wins in the end, my bet still stands."

Xod and Yves exchanged a glance before shaking their heads. They couldn't understand why Oogwei would do such a thing, but since Karma Points were important to them, they would not dissuade the little turtle if it was dead set on joining their bet.

Oogwei looked at the projection in front of it which showed William and Chiffon's actions in real time. The little turtle chuckled internally because it believed its intuition. It was sure that William wouldn't leave Chiffon behind, and Chiffon wouldn't leave without her Big Brother.

Since that was the case, there was only one answer.

'Both of them will climb to the next floor together,' Oogwei mused. It then looked at its two friends with a smirk. 'We'll see who will have the last laugh once this is over.'



Chapter 583

Chiffon's body shook uncontrollably before bolting upright. Sweat formed on her forehead as she panted for breath. She raised her hand and placed it over her chest, to calm her wildly beating heart.

"Chiffon?" William asked. "Did you have a nightmare?"

Due to their current circumstance, William didn't dare to sleep deeply, so he was immediately woken up by Chiffon's sudden movement. At first, he thought that they were under attack. However, after spreading his senses, he didn't detect any threats in their surroundings.

Just to be on the safe side, he asked the System to do a detailed sweep of the area to ensure that they were indeed safe from harm.

"Big Brother." Chiffon buried her head on William's chest as her body shuddered from time to time. Clearly, she still hadn't recovered from the nightmare that she had experienced.

"Don't worry, I'm here," William said softly as he patted Chiffon's head. "You're safe."

A few minutes passed and Chiffon finally regained her calm. She leaned her body on the Half-Elf as if she was seeking whatever warmth and assurance that William could provide her.

Usually, when people had a nightmare, they were afraid to go back to sleep. William understood this, so he firmly hugged the girl in her arms to let her know that she was not alone, and it was going to be alright.

In time, the shivers that plagued the girl stopped, and her breathing had also returned to normal. 


The two were currently staying inside the room that was provided to them by Xavier. Although the son of the patriarch offered to give them a room each, William decided to let Chiffon stay with him because although they were siding with Xavier, he still didn't fully trust the man.

Besides, it would be easier to coordinate on the battlefield if Chiffon was with him, rather than away from him. 

William looked at the clock on his status page, and saw that it was only three in the morning. They had rested early during the night, so the Half-Elf didn't think that it would be a big deal if they were to not go back to sleep again.

Since that was the case, he decided to ask the little girl what she dreamed about. William hoped that he would be able to give her counsel and assure her that it was only a dream.

"What did you dream about?" William inquired. "Can you tell me?"

Chiffon didn't answer right away. It seemed that recalling her dream was something that she was not too keen to do. Several minutes later, the pink-haired girl looked up at William and told him what she had dreamt about.

"Big Brother, in my dream, someone tried to kill you," Chiffon said. After saying those words, her body shuddered as if the mere thought of it scared her.

William didn't comment and waited patiently for Chiffon to tell her everything that happened.

According to the girl, William and her were in this strange dark forest that was covered with snow. The trees were over ten meters tall, and the surroundings looked grim and inhospitable.


At the center of that vast forest, was a mountain that reached high up to the sky. It was so high that Chiffon couldn't see its peak, similar to the Tower of Babylon whose height was immeasurable. 

"There are very tall people living inside that forest. They were as tall as the trees," Chiffon said as she moved her hand upwards as if to point out how tall they were.

"I wasn't as tall as them. But, I was still bigger than Big Brother." Chiffon looked at William and her eyes turned into crescents. It was as if her eyes were laughing at him. "Big Brother was so small, and so cute."

William smiled. He noticed the slight curl at the corner of Chiffon's lips, which meant that the girl was feeling happy. Although the pink-haired girl called him small and cute, it didn't matter as long as she was happy.

"Big Brother was injured, so I decided to take you to my favorite place in order to nurse you back to health." Chiffon continued her tale. "The tall people eat humans, and I was afraid that they would eat Big Brother if they discovered you in our land.

"I would visit you from time to time after I scavenged for something edible to eat. That winter was harsh, and there was very scarce food in the forest. Fortunately, Big Brother was small, so he didn't need a lot of food to eat."

William lightly patted Chiffon's head and asked the question that was nagging in his mind. From the beginning, she kept on calling him small, which meant that she was quite big. Now, the question was, how big was she in her dream?

"How tall were you in your dream?" William inquired.

Chiffon pondered for a while as her expression became serious. She was seriously trying to estimate her height in the dream that she had.


"Around five to six meters," Chiffon answered. "I was the smallest in the forest. Everyone was three to four times taller than me."

William smirked. He thought that the girl was very conscious of her height, so he assumed that the dream she had, made her a giant to compensate for her height in real life.

"Big Brother had almost recovered from his injuries, when my hiding place was discovered by one of the giants that roamed the forest." Chiffon's expression became serious when she reached this part of her story. "Big Brother tried to run away, but you couldn't outrun the giant. In the end, you got caught and were about to be eaten.

"That was the scene that I saw when I arrived after scavenging for food. I immediately ran to your rescue, and bit the leg of the giant that was holding you captive."

Chiffon started to pant and William patted her head in order to help her calm down. A few minutes later, she regained her composure. The pink-haired girl wrapped her arms around William and held him tight.

"The giant screamed in pain and released his hold on you," Chiffon said while her head was buried on William's chest. "I was able to catch you, and was about to run away when the giant grabbed hold of my hair. He then grabbed a nearby tree and used it as a wooden club to beat me up."

Chiffon's body shuddered and she started to sob. "In the end, I collapsed and he pried you from my hand. The last scene I saw was the giant putting you inside his mouth. That is the time that I woke up."

William coaxed the sobbing girl and whispered words of assurance in her ear that it was only a dream. After a quarter of an hour, Chiffon's body grew lax as her tears stopped falling. Clearly, her dream had scared her greatly, especially the part when William was about to be eaten by the giant.

"Don't worry," William whispered. "Your Big Brother is so strong that even a giant can't eat me. You should have seen me fight against a Giant Golem and a Phoenix! It was two against one. One was a Pseudo-Demigod, and the other was a Demigod. However, they were no match to me. If I can beat those two weaklings, how can I be eaten by a mere giant?"


William tooted his own horn and bragged about the exploits that he didn't do. However, his bragging had achieved its intended effect. Chiffon, stared at him wide-eyed as the Half-Elf spun a tale of epic proportions.

A tale where he single handedly fought an army of Elves, using his bare fists.


Chapter 584

After telling Chiffon about his overwhelming victory against the Elves, the little girl found herself dozing back to sleep. 

William then laid her back on the bed and held her tight. In order to prevent any bad dreams from plaguing her, he decided to use his Incubus Job Class, and used his Dreamwalker skill to enter her dream.

A few seconds after his skill activated, William found himself staring at a gaping mouth, with rows of yellowing teeth. Clearly, whoever was planning to eat him didn't care for their dental health.

William hurriedly summoned Stormcaller and aimed it at the mouth that was closing down on him.

"Quick Shot War Art, Fourth Form!" William roared. "Grand Bazooka!"

A powerful blast of lightning exploded at the tip of Stormcaller and blasted the Giant's mouth to oblivion.

The Giant uttered a guttural cry of pain before losing its hold on William. The Half-Elf switched his Job Class to Elemental Lord and floated in the air.

According to his estimate, the Giant was only at the peak of the Centennial Rank, so it was something that he could defeat with his current level of power. 

(A/N: Even if William switched Job Classes in the dream, his Dream Walker skill will still be active, because it is just a dream.)

After bombarding the giant with several Grand Bazooka's, it finally fell to the ground dead. After killing his foe, William hurriedly ran towards the unconscious, and gravely injured, little giant girl that was lying in the snow.

William felt his heart aching as he gazed at the Giant Chiffon who was in a very sorry state.

"Greater Healing!" William cast the Life Mage's strongest healing spell at his disposal in every part of Chiffon's body. 


Even though Chiffon was a "little giant", in her dream, she was still five-meters tall, and had a very high resistance to magic spells. Unfortunately, the effect of healing magic was also lessened due to this attribute. 

It took William a quarter of an hour to fully heal the giantess' injuries before she opened her eyes to look at him.

"Big Brother!" Chiffon grabbed William with both hands. "Are you alright?! Are you hurt anywhere?!"

"D-Don't grip me too tight. It hurts," William said in a pained voice, which made Chiffon loosen her grip on him.

William panted for breath as he laid on top of Chiffon's left palm. The pink-haired giant looked at him closely to check his body for injuries. Aside from tears on William's clothes and bruises, the man seemed to be perfectly fine.

It didn't take long for William to notice that his current form was the silver-haired adult William from his dreams. However, he didn't think much of it. 

He always had this form whenever he went inside a dream, so he was used to it by now. 

"Are you really alright, Big Brother?"

"Yes. Your brother is strong, you know?"

As if to prove his point, William used the Greater Healing spell to remove the bruises and other hidden injuries in his body. 

After showing Chiffon that he was perfectly fine, the pink-haired-giant placed William on her shoulder, before picking up the pinecones, and snowberries, that she had foraged earlier.

"Let's get out of here, Big Brother," Chiffon said. "It's no longer safe here."


William nodded his head in agreement. He didn't know the place very well, and the Dream World was filled with many uncertainties. There were occasions when he had accompanied Wendy and Ashe in their dreams and they ended up appearing in battlefields, surrounded by enemies.

While the two were eating, William noticed that Chiffon was giving him side-long glances. The giantess would often look at him while eating berries. He clearly felt a chill run down his spine, because the gaze that Chiffon gave him was something very familiar to him.

It was that curious gaze that she would often have, when she looked at something that she had never eaten before. 

While William was thinking of these things, Chiffon moved closer to him and picked him up.

"Big Brother, can I have a taste?" Chiffon asked. Her eyes were looking at William with a serious expression. "Just an arm will do. I just want to know what Big Brother tastes like."

Before William could even give a reply, Chiffon had already opened her mouth. 

William abruptly opened his eyes. At that exact moment, he felt something soft, and wet on his shoulder. 

The sleeping girl beside him was gnawing on his left arm. Although it wasn't painful, and even ticklish, William wasn't able to stop his body from shuddering. The Half-Elf hurriedly backed away in fright. 

The reason?

Chiffon was the embodiment of Gluttony. Even in her sleeping state, there was a high chance that she would really bite his arm off if her instinct kicked in. 

"Big Brother, do not resist," Chiffon said in her sleep. "Just an arm is fine. I promise I won't eat your other body parts… maybe."

The corner of William's lips twitched. He then approached the sleeping girl and lightly pinched her cheeks.


"You dare eat your Big Brother?" William snorted. "See how I punish you later when you wake up. I won't be giving you any lollipops anytime soon!"

Chiffon's nose wrinkled and her eyes trembled. It was as if William's threats had reached her in the Dreamworld. She no longer said anything about eating his arm, or any of his body parts. Instead, she slept peacefully as if everything that happened was just an illusion.

William sighed and laid two feet away from the sleeping glutton. He didn't dare lay beside her, while Chiffon was still in her dreamstate. It was better to be safe than sorry. For now, William thought of ways to prevent the same thing from happening again.

He often slept beside Chiffon, and had already gotten used to hugging her to sleep. The girl was also afraid of sleeping alone, because she often had nightmares whenever she slept. 

'Maybe this is just a one time thing,' William thought. However, he was still feeling anxious, so he decided to ask the System for advice. 

'System, what are the chances of' Chiffon eating me in her sleep?' William inquired. He knew that the system's high-speed calculations would be able to think of different scenarios and possibilities in a matter of seconds.

< The chances of Chiffon eating the host in her sleep is Zero Percent! >

'Um? Why is it Zero Percent? Does that mean I am safe even if I sleep beside her? She won't eat me?'

< Host. Chiffon had already attempted to eat you several times. However, she has always held back at the last second. >

'Hyeok!' William almost choked on his saliva after hearing the System's words. He then pressed the System for an explanation, and the latter showed him footage when Chiffon and him slept together.

As William looked at the recorded images, he saw Chiffon open her mouth several times and attempted to bite him in his sleep. However, those attempts ended midway because the pink-haired girl would subconsciously halt her action when her lips touched William's body. 

At most, she would just lean her lips on William's clothes, and her drool would wash over him. After seeing this scene, William now understood why there were times when he would wake up in the morning, with his clothes drenched in Chiffon's saliva. 


He thought that this was a normal thing because even he would drool from time to time when he was asleep. William wasn't expecting that those drool-stained clothes were evidence that the sleeping girl beside him had attempted to take a bite of him during his sleep.


Chapter 585

When Chiffon woke up, she found herself sleeping alone in the bed.

Instantly, her drowsiness vanished as she sat upright and scanned the room. She was about to get out of bed when the door opened, revealing William holding a tray of pancakes, and a bottle of honey.

"Good morning," William said with a smile. 

Chiffon sighed a relief in her heart when she saw her Big Brother. After having that kind of dream, the last thing she wanted was to wake up all alone in their room.

"Good morning, Big Brother," Chiffon replied. "Sorry, I overslept."

William placed the tray on the small table beside the bed and motioned for Chiffon to join him for breakfast. 

"It's fine." William busied himself in placing three pancakes on Chiffon's plate and topping with a generous serving of honey. "Girls need their beauty sleep. Also, you need to be properly rested since we don't know when the enemy is going to attack."

Chiffon nodded her head as she sat facing William. 

"Thank you, Big Brother."

"For what?"


"For always taking care of me," Chiffon answered. "I'm glad to have Big Brother in my life."

William smirked, "Well, as long as you promise not to eat me, I will ensure that you won't get hungry again. Go on. Eat while the pancakes are still hot."

The Half-Elf said this as a joke, but for Chiffon, it had a different meaning. The pink-haired girl looked at her Big Brother as if she was finding it hard to make that promise. 

William didn't notice that Chiffon unconsciously gulped as she stared in his direction. The Half-Elf was so busy lathering his pancakes with honey that he didn't catch the look of regret on Chiffon's face, which only lasted for a brief moment.

"Um? What's wrong?" William asked as he glanced at the girl who still hadn't started eating. "Do you want more pancakes?"

"N-No," Chiffon stuttered. She almost bit her tongue because her thoughts had wandered to a scene that she saw in her dream. A scene where she took a bite of William… and nearly succeeded.

After breakfast, William took Chiffon to where Xavier and his officers were having a discussion about how to escape the encirclement of Xander's forces. 

"I say we all focus on one side to break through their encirclement," one of the Saints proposed. "Or, we can choose to use the secret passages and pray that nothing is waiting for us on the other side."

"The escape routes are already compromised," the other Saint commented. "That traitorous Randy has already sold us out. I should have killed that bastard when I had the chance."

Xavier sighed after hearing the name of one of his trusted subordinates. He didn't know what methods Xander used to make Randy work for him, but the man's betrayal had led to their current circumstances.


Randy had guided Xander and his troops to their hiding place, effectively cornering Xavier and his allies with nowhere else to go.

Seeing that the meeting was going nowhere, William left the conference room with Chiffon in tow. 

'I guess I'll finish what I started yesterday,' William thought as he equipped his Runemaster Job Class. 

William had placed several landmines within Xavier's base in preparation for a head-on battle with Xander and his troops. He had set them all on standby, so anyone that stepped on them wouldn't trigger them and cause an explosion. 

The last thing he wanted to happen was to have friendly fire between allies, before the battle between the two brothers even started.

This was the only thing he could do for now, and he planned to do it well.

Chiffon didn't do anything special, and followed William around while licking a lollipop. For her, it didn't matter which side won. As long as she could climb the tower alongside William. 

The pink-haired girl had developed an unwavering trust in the Half-Elf, who had extended his hand to bring her out of her suffering. The only thing she could think of to repay his kindness was to protect him from any kind of harm.

Chiffon wouldn't think twice about devouring anyone that would dare to hurt her Big Brother in front of her.

William was not aware of what Chiffon was thinking. For him, the one that needed protection was not him, but Chiffon. He had seen how the pink-haired girl fought in close combat. Although she was quite proficient in a melee fight, William still worried that she was still inexperienced in fighting against strong opponents.


Although William had seen Chiffon devour an entire floor in the Dungeon of Atlantis, he thought that the incident only transpired because the little girl had lost control of her powers. 

What he didn't know was that Chiffon was capable of using this ability in battle as well. If not for the fact that she didn't want William to be repulsed by her actions, she might have already devoured the bad men that they had fought a day ago.

Right now, the last thing that Chiffon wanted was for William to hate her. She would rather keep this ability of hers a secret, and fight with her fists, rather than being left alone, like what happened when she was still living in the Demonic Continent.

Two hours passed before William finally finished laying down the traps in every nook and cranny that he could find. Right now, if he willed it, it was possible for him to detonate the entire base, causing a collapse that could bury anyone inside it. 

Seeing that William had stopped making hand seals, Chiffon raised her head and tugged at his arm.

"Big Brother, are you done?"

"Yes. Let's go back and see if they finally finished their meeting."

"Un!"

Just as William and Chiffon were about to return to the conference room, a loud ringing sound spread across the entire base.

William grabbed Chiffon's hand, and the two ran as fast as they could, in order to meet up with Xavier and his men. 


All of them had anticipated that Xander wouldn't wait too long before commencing his attack. Fortunately, the Half-Elf had already finished his preparations, but he had no intention of activating his traps right away.

He would allow Xander and his men to infiltrate the base first. That way, they would not be too wary of the traps that he had set. William wanted to activate the bombs at a crucial moment in order to create an opportunity to capture Xander, and let Xavier put an end to his misery.


Chapter 586

"Finally, the time has come," Xander muttered as he gazed at his army that numbered in the tens of thousands.

Several officers and high-ranking members of the Main and Branch Families of the Tristan Clan had come to support him in this war against his brother. These people were those who wanted to keep the tradition that had been passed down from generation to generation.

Slave Trading was a very profitable business, and the 9th Floor was one of the floors that freely engaged in this kind of trade. As rulers of a floor, they were allowed to bring anyone directly to their floor, without having to undergo the trial of Babylon.

This was a special privilege awarded to them, but only members of the main family were given this ability. This was why Xander often descended to the City of Babylon, to pick up the slaves that his men had captured while touring the nearby towns and cities near the Tower of Babylon.

Xavier hated this practice so he rose up and rebelled against the family, which had led to the feud within the Floor of Partings.

The current Patriarch of the Tristan Clan was bedridden. However, he was aware of the current strife that was happening between his sons. Even though he knew it, he was powerless against it. 

In the end, he had issued a decree that whoever among his sons would win over the other, the position of Patriarch would be his. He even made a contract, with the Floor Guardian, Yves, that whoever side won, the Main and Branch families had no choice but to support the victor.

Anyone who refused to do so would be expelled from the tower, never to set foot in it again.

With such a heavy penalty in place, the Family was forced to split, and thus the war of succession began. 

Right now, Xander had more people under his command, which put him at a great advantage.


Several Mercenary Groups, and players, whom Xander had promised rich rewards also accompanied him to battle. Those who lived in the tower knew that being under the good graces of the ruling families would only bring them riches and a life filled with comfort.

For such a life, they would do everything in their power to get the ruler's recognition.

"Young Master, you don't have to fight alongside our vanguards in this battle," one of the High-Rankers standing by his side said with a serious expression. "There is a possibility that your brother had laid out traps in order to thin out our numbers. We will just wait here until your brother has been captured by our men."

(A/N: In case you have forgotten, High Rankers are equivalent to Saints.)

Xander pondered for a bit before shaking his head. 

"No. I want to personally be there to kill my brother," Xander replied. "My brother has the luck of a devil, so there is a chance that he might be able to escape with his life. However, don't worry. I will stay at the rear and advance according to our strategy."

The two High-Rankers glanced at each other before nodding their heads. As long as they stayed beside Xander, they were sure that he would be safe from harm.

Inside Xavier's Base…

William frowned because he suddenly felt that the connection between him and his Thousand Beast Domain had been blocked. 

In order to test this theory, he tried to summon B1, and B2, but none of them appeared before him.


'System, do you know what's happening? I can't summon my Herd, or King's Legion from the Thousand Beast Domain.'

< Please wait a moment while I try to identify the cause of this problem. >

While William waited for the System's response, the first wave of fighters had already infiltrated the base. The Defenders bombarded the invaders with projectiles, and spells that greatly decreased their rate of advance.

William unleashed one spell after the other, while Chiffon stood beside him. The pink-haired girl had already equipped her gauntlets, and acted as William's bodyguard. 

Slowly, but surely, the defenders were being pushed back by their enemy who greatly outnumbered them four to one.

Several minutes passed before the System notified William about the problem in regards to his connection with the Thousand Beast Domain.

< Host, it seems that the Law of this Floor has been changed. After spending a Hundred God Points, I found out that any means of summoning foreign aid was disabled on this floor. Only those that have arrived on this floor and its inhabitants were allowed to fight against each other. >

William frowned and thought that the Guardian of the 9th Floor, Yves, might have known about his ability to summon reinforcements to aid him in battle. Since it was the administrator of the Floor of Partings, it had the ability to change the Laws of his domain, and make the battles more fair for everyone.

'Let me get this straight. I am not allowed to send anyone out, but can I send people inside my Thousand Beast Domain?'

< Theoretically yes. However, it's like a one way portal. You can only send them in, but you will be unable to send them out. I'm guessing that this effect will expire once we advance to the next floor. For now, Host is unable to summon your forces from the Thousand Beast Domain to fight for you. >


'Understood.' William nodded his head. 'I guess I will have to do this the hard way.'

Half an hour passed and Xavier grit his teeth in frustration. They had already retreated as far as they could go. Seeing that the only path for them was to go forward, he rallied his men and prepared to charge through.

However, before he could do that, a series of explosions resounded across the base. Screams of pain reverberated around them as William activated the landmines that he had planted all over the place.

The Invaders momentarily lost the momentum of their advance, and the Defenders didn't miss this opportunity for a counter attack. 

While the battle was ongoing, several Guardians inside the Hall of Guardians were also watching the fight with interest. For them, wars inside the Tower of Babylon were a great way to relieve their boredom.

Some of them even started placing bets on who would win between the two brothers. 

Xod was the one that told Yves about William's ability to summon creatures to fight for his side. He still held a grudge against William for tricking him about the rarity of the Goblin Paladin. He had suffered a great loss during their negotiation, and he wanted the Half-Elf to pay for his transgression.

Yves readily changed the settings of his Domain because an army that numbered in the millions would break the balance of the war that was currently being waged between the two brothers. 

This was not the first time that the Guardians of Babylon had witnessed something like that. More than twenty years ago, a man that went by the name Maxwell had also attempted to climb the tower. 

He left a great impression among the Guardians because Maxwell was able to summon a horde of Beasts to fight for him, making the Trials that they had laid down easier.


After knowing William's abilities, Yves immediately changed the laws of his territory. None of the Guardians of Babylon wanted to see another Dungeon Conqueror, who could use his cheat-like ability to breeze through their challenges once again.


Chapter 587

Due to William's nasty surprise, the Invaders found themselves getting mobbed by Xavier and his men who were out for blood. 

William and Chiffon stayed a few meters away from him, as they, too, helped in dealing with Xander's seriously injured subordinates. After half an hour, they managed to break through the blockade in front of them. They headed towards the north, where they believed they had less enemies, who were waiting to ambush them.

"Looks like your guess was right, Randy ," Xander said in appreciation. "I will reward you greatly after I take your Ex-Leader's head."

"You honor me with your praise, Your Excellency." Randy bowed respectfully. "I only wish to serve the future Patriarch of the Tristan Clan."

Xavier and his subordinates glared at their ex-comrade, who smiled back at them in contempt. They had trusted the bastard with many of their secrets, so his betrayal was a very bitter pill for them to swallow.

If they only knew that they were raising a snake, they would have definitely cut off its head before it had the chance to bite them from behind.

"Xavier, don't think badly of me," Randy stated. "You don't have the qualities of a Patriarch. You are far too naive. Your ideals are nothing more than daydreams. It will be best if you submit to your Big Brother. His Excellency, Xander, is a benevolent person. I'm sure that he will forgive you for your transgressions."

Xander smirked as he glanced at his little brother whose face had now become beet red due to anger. He had no intention of letting Xavier live. As long as his younger brother was alive, the threat to his reign would continue to exist.

It was better to pull the problem from the root and deter anyone from daring to rebel against his rule, when he became the Patriarch of the Tristan Clan. He would not allow anyone to stand in his way, not even his brother by blood. 

"Randy, I swear, even if I die, I will bring you and my brother with me to the afterlife!" Xavier roared as he raised his sword. "Kill!"

""Kill!""

Xavier and his men charged towards Xander's location with fury. They no longer wished to escape with their lives. What they wanted was to bring the two bastards with them to hell.

"Your last struggle is not bad, however, it will not change the end result." Xander snorted. "Kill them all! Leave my Younger Brother to me!"

""Kill!""

The two forces collided and a free for all ensued. The two brothers faced off against each other, while the four high rankers fought not far from them. both sides wanted to win over the other, so the battle was quite intense.


Although the Guardian of the Floor had decreed that only the two brothers could kill each other, that didn't stop their subordinates from helping their chosen leader to get the upper hand.

William was fighting alongside Chiffon and observing the chaotic battlefield. For some reason, he could feel that someone was intently observing him, but he couldn't find that person's location. 

'I guess, I'll just have to risk it,' William thought as he ran towards Xavier's and Xander's location. Chiffon also followed suit, because she didn't want to get left behind. 

When William was only ten meters away from the two combatants, two powerful presences descended upon him from his left, and right side.

The sound of metal clashing against each other rang in the battlefield as William blocked two swords that were aimed at him using the golden-metallic rod in his possession.

'I knew it.' William cursed internally as he swung Ruyi Jingu Bang to push his attackers away. However, it didn't end there. Five more High-Rankers appeared out of nowhere, and all seven of them attacked William and Chiffon without mercy.

"Where is Byron?" One of the High Rankers that attacked William asked. "Is he dead?"

William ignored the High Ranker because he currently had no leeway to reply. He didn't know where these seven Saints came from, but all of them ignored the duel between Xander and Xavier. They focused their attention on William, and seemed to be hell bent on capturing him alive.

"Sweep away all adversaries!" William declared as the golden metallic rod in his hand extended. "Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

All seven High-Rankers had no choice but to defend against the powerful attack that William had unleashed. 

William frowned because his opponents were more sturdy than he originally thought they were. 

The High-Rankers of the Tower of Babylon were different from the Saints outside of the Tower. They had reached their rank by getting resources from the ruling families, which greatly increased the speed of their cultivation. This allowed them to break through the ranks faster than their counterparts outside the tower.

Not only that, they also possessed powerful weapons, and artifacts that could be exchanged using tokens. The ranks of these weapons fall under the Unique and Legendary Ranks, which allowed them to hold their ground against William's powerful attack. 

(A/N: Weapon ranks in ascending order Rare, Unique, Legendary, Myth, Divine.)

"Are you all from the Agnis Family?" William asked.


He couldn't believe that the Agnis Family had these many Saints under their command. If he added Byron, the Saint that he had killed in the Third Floor of Babylon, the Agnis Family had eight Saints under their wing.

They had the military might that was equivalent to one of the Kingdoms in the Central Continent, which made William rethink his understanding of each ruling family's fighting force.

"You should have submitted when you had the chance, boy," another High-Ranker commented. "Working under one of the ruling families of the tower gives great benefits. You were a fool for rejecting the olive branch that the Agnis Patriarch extended to you." 

William snorted because he would never lower his head to a Clan that enslaved people and used them to increase their wealth. This was why he chose to side with Xavier, instead of his older brother, because he was against the practice of enslavement in the Floor of Partings.

While William was about to unleash Sun Wukong's special abilities, a scream sounded behind him. 

The Half-Elf looked behind him and saw Chiffon being held by two of the Saints that he had fought earlier.

"Bastards! Let her go!" William gritted his teeth. He didn't think that the Saints would stoop so low as to attack a girl that was beneath their rank.

"Big Brother, just beat them up!" Chiffon shouted. "Don't worry about me!"

One of the High-Rankers that held Chiffon snorted and dislocated her right arm. They were expecting her to cry out loud in pain, but Chiffon only bit her lip. Tears formed at the corner of her eyes, but she held them back using her willpower.

She had suffered more brutal things in the Demonic Continent, so she was used to pain. Chiffon had learned the art of disconnecting her sense of pain in her body, and converting it to hunger instead. 

The reason why tears were forming in her eyes was not because of physical pain, but an emotional one. She felt frustrated that she allowed herself to be taken as hostage in order to make her Big Brother submit to their enemies demands.

"Let her go or else," William stated. He had unleashed his full aura and its pressure made anyone below the rank of Saint in the battlefield gasp for breath.

"Or else what?" One of the High-Rankers holding Chiffon sneered. As if to mock William's attempt to threaten them, he dislocated Chiffon's other arm. Making both arms of the little girl bend in an unnatural angle.

William raised his weapon and slammed it towards Xander who had distanced himself away from Xavier. Ruyi Jingu Bang increased its length, and size, until it was over two hundred meters long, and fifty meters thick. 

The Legendary Weapon of the Monkey King smashed towards the ground, creating a dust cloud. 


The High-Rankers of the Agnis Family sneered because what William did was useless. Both brothers were protected by the Guardian of the Floor. There was no way that someone could kill them aside from each other.

When the dust cleared, William lifted the golden rod and glanced at the man that he had crushed a while ago.

Xander's clothes were stained with blood, and his right arm was broken. Even so, he was still alive, thanks to the protection of the amulet that he wore. 

"What are you waiting for?" William asked Xavier who was looking at his older brother in a daze. "Kill him!"

Originally, William had no intention of using his Heroic Avatar because of its very long cooldown time. However, he was forced to do so because he was fighting against the Saints. This ability only lasted for an hour, so every second was precious.

He couldn't just sit by and let Chiffon be harmed any further by the Two Saints who were currently using her as hostage.

Xavier snapped out of his daze and charged at his Big Brother. This was an opportunity that he couldn't afford to miss.

Seeing that their trading partner was about to be killed, the High-Rankers of the Agnis Family immediately moved to prevent Xavier from killing his Big Brother, whom the Patriarch of their clan, secretly supported in the background.

William snorted and swatted the annoying High-Rankers like flies, preventing them from coming close to the two brothers.

"Stop!" the High-Ranker that was holding Chiffon shouted. "If Xander is killed, we will kill this girl too!"

Before William could give his reply, the pink-haired girl that was being held hostage by the two High-Rankers raised her head.

"The one who is going to die are the two of you," Chiffon said in a cold voice.

A second later, a scene that nobody had expected, including William appeared in front of their eyes. The pink-haired girl's body grew until it was over five meters tall. 

Chiffon then opened her mouth like a taotie, and devoured the two men that held her as a hostage a while ago. 

A cracking sound reverberated in the battlefield as the Giantess chewed the two Saints inside her mouth with a vengeance. Blood flowed at the corner of her lips, but Chiffon didn't care. 


It felt as if time paused completely still, and only resumed the moment she finished eating the two High-Rankers from the Agnis Family.

Chiffon roared and this roar made everyone's hearts tremble. She had entered a berserked state and the Devourers Gauntlets in her hands shone bright red.

Clearly, eating two Saints was not enough to satisfy her craving. Seeing that there were plenty of humans to eat around her, Chiffon hunched her body and lunged towards the nearest man, who would soon become her third victim.


Chapter 588

A few minutes before Chiffon transformed into a Giant…

"Big Brother, just beat them up!" Chiffon shouted. "Don't worry about me!"

The High-Rankers that held her snorted and dislocated her right arm. The pink-haired girl bit her lip to prevent herself from crying out loud. She immediately disconnected her sense of pain from her consciousness, like she did in the past when her father, brother, and sisters beat her up in the Demonic Continent.

'Why? Must it always be like this?' Chiffon cried internally as the High-Ranker dislocated her right arm. 

Although she wasn't feeling any pain, her heart was aching due to the trouble that she had brought upon William. She felt so helpless being used as a hostage against her will.

"Let her go or else," William stated. 

Chiffon watched as the Half-Elf, whom she had called her Big Brother, unleashed a powerful Aura that created a shockwave around him. She rarely saw William getting angry, but when he did, it was always about some people trying to hurt her.

"Or else what?" The High-Ranker holding Chiffon sneered and dislocated her left arm.

Chiffon's lips trembled because she could tell that William was about to explode from anger. She was about to tell William to just attack their enemies without worrying about her. However, before she could voice out her thoughts, she found herself standing in a gray world that seemed to be in ruins.

"Child, we finally meet again."

A voice that was familiar and unfamiliar at the same time sounded behind her. Chiffon hurriedly turned around, and saw a lady wearing shining light-weight armor, adorned in silver and gold.


She couldn't see the lady's face because she was wearing a veil. However, Chiffon could somehow tell that the person in front of her was a very beautiful woman.

"Who are you?" Chiffon inquired. "Where am I?"

The lady approached Chiffon until they were only a meter apart from each other.

"Who I am is not important," the lady replied. "I came here to ask you, what is your wish?"

"W-Wish?"

"Yes. A wish. It can be anything. I was supposed to grant this wish many lifetimes ago, but an opportunity never presented itself… until now."

The lady wearing a veil looked down at Chiffon and caressed the side of her face. 

"Go on, what is the thing that you want the most in this world?" the lady asked. "I will grant your wish, no matter what it is."

"I want…" Chiffon raised her head and held the lady's clothes. She didn't understand what was going on, but if this lady could grant her wish then she would believe in her words.

"I want to always be by Big Brother's side," Chiffon pleaded. "I want to have the strength to remain by Big Brother's side."

The lady giggled. "Very well. I will grant this wish of yours. However, this power that once belonged to you, is very unstable. I will allow you to use it only once, and I will seal it afterwards. 


"Do not fret, you will be able to use it again in the future when you finally understand the feelings inside your heart. After all, you will need this power in order to face the person that will once again destroy everything that William holds dear in his heart."

Before Chiffon could ask what the lady meant, the lady's hand that was caressing the side of her face glowed.

In that instant, Chiffon saw herself standing on a chaotic battlefield where Giants, beasts, and men, fought against each other, while the world around them crumbled. The sky fell in pieces from the heavens and the earth collapsed under their feet.

At the center of that battlefield, a Giant holding a flaming sword roared in anger. Facing off against him was a man. A man whom Chiffon knew too well. The only difference was that this man didn't have pointy ears and his hair wasn't red, but white.

The man was swept away during their clash, because the Giant was far too powerful for him to face headon. Before the man could even stand up from the ground, the Giant slashed down with the intention to kill.

Chiffon found herself running, while shouting that man's name. No matter what happens, she couldn't allow the Giant to kill the man in front of her because he was the most important person in her life.

Just as the sword was about to strike the man, a Valkyrie appeared and blocked it using a silver spear that shone in the darkness. Her golden blonde hair fluttered in the breeze, and her fearless eyes, filled with determination, held back the giant's onslaught for a few seconds, before she was swatted away like a rag doll.

The Giant once again posed to strike, but this time, Chiffon had already arrived in front of it. Using her bare hands, she caught the flaming sword that was about to kill the most important person in her life.

Her hands started to blaze, but she never let go of the sword, fearing that everything would be over once she did.

A few seconds later, the flames spread to her arms, and her entire body. It was painful, and she was scared, but the fear of losing him overwhelmed all the fears she had.

"Nothing is permanent," the lady whispered in Chiffon's ears. "Not even the end of the World."


"Stop!" the High-Ranker that was holding Chiffon shouted. "If Xander is killed, we will kill this girl too!"

Chiffon felt like laughing when she heard the man's words. Him? Kill her? How could a puny mortal possibly kill her? Better yet, how could a puny mortal dare to use her as a hostage?

The pink-haired girl found all of this very laughable. Compared to the burning flames that had the power to destroy worlds, this man's threat was the greatest joke she had heard in both her lifetimes.

Chiffon raised her head. She'd had enough of this nonsense. It was time to end this farce.

"The one who is going to die are the two of you," Chiffon said in a voice that was as cold as ice. 

Chiffon harnessed the power that laid dormant inside her. Her dislocated arms righted themselves, and her body grew in size. She then opened her mouth wide and devoured the two puny mortals who dared to use her as hostage.

It was time for them to know that they had made a mistake. A grave, and terrible mistake. Chiffon crushed their bodies with her teeth easily, despite the fact that they were wearing armor. 

'As expected of trash,' Chiffon thought. 'They taste like trash.'

Chiffon swallowed the two men and set her sights on the person nearest her. 

'Not enough,' Chiffon's body moved to follow her bidding. 'I want more… I want more!'

Chiffon laughed as she ran towards her target. She was feeling very hungry. It was as if she hadn't eaten for thousands of years. 


Fortunately, there were plenty of people around her. She will eat them first, before setting her sights on her prize.

Out of all the people that were in that God Forsaken Place, Chiffon knew, without a doubt, the most delicious one of them all… was the red-headed teenager, who was looking at her with genuine worry in his eyes.


Chapter 589

"M-Monster!"

"Giant! Kill her!"

"Kill her first before she kills us!"

Xander's forces focused their attack on Chiffon who had just eaten her third victim. 

Naturally, William didn't allow anyone to gang up on her, and swatted anyone that came her way, sending them flying hundreds of meters away. 

The Half-Elf didn't want Chiffon to eat humans, because he was afraid that it might cause her lasting harm when she regained her consciousness.

The giantess, on the other hand, didn't know, or care, about William's intentions. In fact, she was getting annoyed that the one she planned to eat for last was getting in her way. After several attempts of trying to seize the puny humans to be eaten, the Giantess became irritated by the Half-Elf that kept on sending her food away from her.

Chiffon grabbed Ruyi Jingu Bang, and threw it away, along with the red-headed teenager that was firmly holding it in his hands. 

After dealing with the pest, Chiffon scanned her surroundings and found an injured man lying on the ground. The man was none other than Xander, who suffered from William's earlier attack.


The Giantess chuckled as she unceremoniously picked up the man beside her feet and threw him inside her mouth. Cracking sounds were heard as the pink-haired giantess ate Xander like a potato chip.

After eating her prey, she once again looked for new targets to eat. The ones that had caught her eye were the five High-Rankers that had attacked William earlier. Chiffon didn't like other people stealing her prey (William), so she decided to attack the five High-Rankers who had grouped themselves together.

"Don't be afraid!" one of the High-Rankers shouted. "Don't let her looks fool you! She's only big, but she is not that strong. We can kill her if we fight together!"

What the High-Ranker said was true. Although Chiffon was in her giant form, she wasn't that strong. However, what he didn't know was that the pink-haired giant's red gauntlets weren't just for show.

Heroism activated which increased Chiffon's stats by 50% if she was fighting against someone stronger than her.

Right now, Chiffon's rank was that of a Millennial Beast (Mid). In Human Rankings, she would be a Black Ranked Fighter. This rank was only a level below Saint, but thanks to the Heroism Passive Skill, Chiffon was now a Pseudo-Saint. 

But, since her Devour ability had been added to the equation as well, her fighting prowess was akin to a Myriad Beast in its initial stages.

Myriad Beasts would always be stronger than Saints. This was the difference between beasts and mortals.

"Young Master, let's go!" one of the High-Rankers protecting Xavier grabbed his arm, dragging him away from the Giantess who was still in her berserked state. 


Xavier didn't resist, and allowed himself to be carried away to safety. Inside his heart, he was thankful to Chiffon. Xander was still his brother. Killing him with his own hands would have left a bitter aftertaste.

Fortunately, he no longer needed to do that because Chiffon had already eaten his older brother. This also marked the end in the feud of the Tristan Clan that ruled the Floor of Partings.

The members of the Tristan Family also retreated from the battlefield, leaving the High-Rankers of the Agnis Family to their Fates.

"Chiffon, stop!" William reappeared in the battle field and used Ruyi Jingu Bang to block Chiffon's path. Although he hated the High-Rankers who were tasked to hunt them down, he was more worried about Chiffon's mental state after she regained her consciousness. 

The Giantess roared in anger at the Half-Elf who had once again prevented her from eating the trashy rankers that she had set her sight on. In the end, the two fought against each other, with William playing the defensive role, keeping Chiffon at bay.

When the High-Rankers of the Agnis Family saw this, an evil plan appeared in their mind, and that was to attack William while he was busy dealing with Chiffon. That way, the Half-Elf would get injured and would be the one who would be eaten by the Giantess next, since she couldn't tell friend from foe.

As William fought off against Chiffon, the Five Saints activated their weapons and charged at William in every direction. They even chose the time when Chiffon and William exchanged blows, to prevent the Half-Elf from blocking their synchronized attack.

When Chiffon saw this scene, she stopped her attack, and opened her mouth wide. The five High-Rankers found themselves being sucked up inside her gaping mouth.

Screams filled with fear and unwillingness escaped their lips as they closed in on the Giantess' mouth. All of them regretted their decision to backstab William, while he was fighting against Chiffon. 


If they had decided to escape and wait until the Giantess had lost her berserked state, there was a higher chance that they would have been able to capture both teenagers. Regret flashed across their eyes before their sight was covered with a row of teeth.

William gritted his teeth when the Saints were eaten in front of him. He didn't attempt to stop Chiffon from eating them because they didn't deserve to live. Also, Chiffon's devour skill was quite powerful. 

The moment Chiffon opened her mouth wide, he immediately distanced himself, in fear of being devoured as well. 

William had made the right decision. If he was only two seconds late, he might have also been sucked inside Chiffon's mouth and eaten alongside the High Rankers of the Agnis Family. 

After eating the pesky High-Rankers, Chiffon's bloodshot eyes focused their gaze on William. Drool flowed at the corner of her lips as she looked at the main dish that she had saved for last. 

"Come," Chiffon made a gesture as if she was coaxing a child. "Let me eat you. I promise it won't hurt."

The corner of William's lips twitched when he heard the Giantess' attempt to trick him into becoming her snack. The Half-Elf had no doubt in his mind that the moment he arrived within Chiffon's devouring range, it would be the end for him. 

Since that was the case, he summoned a cloud and flew towards the sky, leaving the Giantess on the ground calling out to him.

As someone that had been subjected to Dark Magic since he was young, William knew that Chiffon's berserked state wouldn't last for long. He decided to wait it out until she returned to normal.


He just hoped that when the time arrived, the pink-haired girl whom he had cared for would not be traumatized by the events that had happened while she was in a berserked state. 


Chapter 590

Flames surged forth.

It descended from the sky, and bathed the land in a perpetual blaze.

The citizens of Asgard, and the remaining Aesirs fled from their homeland, and went to Ithavllir, for it was the only place that would not be affected by the flames of destruction.

In order to allow them to escape, the bulk of the army of Asgard held back the giants of Jotunheim, along with the giants' allies, in the plains of Asgard, which was now akin to hell.

Odin, Thor, Loki, Heimdall, and several other Gods had already fallen into battle. All that remained was death and destruction.

In the middle of this chaos, several beings were still fighting. One of them was the Giantess Chiffon, who was the smallest of all giants. She was branded a traitor by her race, and yet, she didn't bat an eye as he faced them in battle.

As she held back the flames of destruction with her bare hands, which had now started to burn, Chiffon offered a prayer to whatever God that could hear her. 

'Regardless of the price, I will accept it in full,' Chiffon prayed with all of her heart. 'All I ask is a chance. A chance to…'

As the flames ate away her flesh, she heard a soft, yet reassuring whisper that held promise.

"I will grant your wish."

A voice filled with pity reached her ears. 

"No matter how many lifetimes it takes, I will grant your wish without fail," the voice assured her. "That's why, go. Show that arrogant God the power of mortals!"

Chiffon smiled. Although her hands, arms, and the rest of her body had started to burn, she didn't feel any kind of pain.

With a powerful roar, she tossed aside the Giant Flaming Blade that was meant to slay her beloved.


She stomped on the ground, and jumped towards the God of Destruction fearlessly. 

"In this dark and chaotic night,

Fear grips me with all its fright.

Now that my end is right in sight,

I will destroy you with all my might!"

"Shatter the Void!" Chiffon roared. "Blood Wing Tempest!"

A resounding cry of pain echoed across the blazing battlefield. This was the first time that the God of Destruction had been injured since the start of the battle, and it wouldn't be the last time he would suffer under the hands of the mortals whom he looked down upon with scorn. 

Chiffon's eyes fluttered open and found herself in a protective embrace. She raised her head and saw William with his eyes closed. The Half-Elf looked exhausted as if he had just fought a hard battle. 

The pink-haired girl then shifted her attention to her surroundings. She didn't want to leave William's embrace because it felt warm and comfortable, so she just turned her head to look around.

Several craters, that extended tens of meters wide, could be seen all around them. With a single glance, Chiffon could tell right away how intense the fighting was. 

She tried to recall what happened during the battle, but, no matter how hard she tried, her memory stopped at the part when both of her arms had been dislocated by the two High-Rankers that held her in place.

As if sensing that the girl in his embrace was already awake, William opened his eyes and stared at the little girl who seemed to be deep in thought.

A few hours earlier, he waited for Chiffon's berserked state to fade away. However, contrary to his expectations, the Giantess was still very lively, and doing her best to coax William to come down to the ground, so that she could eat him.

Back then, the Heroic Avatar only had ten minutes remaining. William knew that if he still waited until the last minute, there was a high chance that he would end up in Chiffon's stomach, before she regained her sanity.


Using the remaining time afforded to him. William tried to dispel Chiffon's berserked state by fighting against her. Naturally, he only attacked her because he was confident that he could heal her using his Life Mage Job Class.

The two exchanged several blows, and it ended up in a stalemate. William didn't want to use the full power of Ruyi Jingu Bang because he might accidentally kill Chiffon if he wasn't careful. Fortunately, at the last minute, Chiffon's berserked state wore off and she returned to her original size.

William firmly hugged the girl, keeping her close to his chest, as he sat down to rest. He didn't want Xander's subordinates to use this opportunity to take revenge on her, while she was currently unconscious.

Due to William's deterrence, none of them attacked and decided to retreat. Only Xavier and his group remained, but even they had been scared by Chiffon's unexpected transformation.

Because of this, William told them that they should head back to the Residence of the Tristan Family in order to start the succession ceremony. 

Xavier agreed with William and took all of his subordinates with him. However, before he left, he left a parting message to William, inviting him to stay and rest in their main residence for a few days. 

William accepted the offer and promised to find them after a day or two. This battle had been quite fierce, and he didn't want to challenge the other floors of the Tower right away. 

"Does it hurt anywhere?" William asked. "Are you hungry?"

Chiffon tilted her head to the side before reconnecting the sense of pain in her body. The moment she did, a cry out pain escaped her lips, as the pain that she had been oblivious about came back to bite her.

"Don't worry." William smiled as he placed his hand over Chiffon's head. "Heal."

Each time William used his power to heal her, the pain she felt lessened little by little, until it had gone away completely.

"Thank you, Big Brother," Chiffon said softly. "I feel better now. I no longer feel hurt."

"That's good to hear," William replied. At the same time, a red lollipop appeared inside his hand. William focused and stacked the effects of the red lollipop until it had reached its limit.

After that he casually placed it inside his mouth to help him heal his injuries. For some reason, William was unable to heal himself using the power of the Life Mage. He didn't know if this was yet another restriction that the Guardian of the Floor had reinforced in order to make things difficult for him.


Soon, the bruises in William's body disappeared without a trace. Chiffon looked at the lollipop inside William's mouth and gulped.

This action of hers didn't escape William's eyes and the latter hurriedly made a chocolate lollipop, which he unceremoniously unwrapped and placed inside Chiffon's mouth.

Clearly, he was afraid that the pink-haired girl would have a relapse and once again turn into a Giantess that was very fond of eating humans.

Chiffon leaned her head on William's chest as she happily ate her lollipop. Although she wasn't feeling hungry, the delicious chocolate taste had become one of her favorite flavors. 

"Big Brother, what happened?" Chiffon asked after a few minutes of silence. 

"You don't remember anything?" William asked back.

"No." Chiffon shook her head. "The last thing I remember is having two High-Rankers sneak attack me from behind. They used me as a hostage to make you submit to their demands. That was as far as I can remember. Everything seemed to be covered in a dark haze, and I was hoping that you could tell me what happened to the battle."

William nodded his head in understanding, but deep inside he was sighing in relief. He didn't want Chiffon to remember the things that she did when she was still in her giantess form. 

"Alright, I'll tell you about it," William replied. 

He then started to narrate everything that happened, except for the fact that the one that had killed Xander and his subordinates had been her. 

Chiffon listened seriously as she took them in her memories. 

The end of William's tale was about Xavier being able to turn the entire situation around, and came out victorious.

William didn't mention anything about Chiffon turning into a giant and eating people. Instead, he praised Xavier for being able to fight against his Big Brother and deliver a decisive blow that ended the family feud, which had lasted for years.

Chiffon nodded her head in understanding. She trusted William's words completely, so he didn't even question his ridiculous tale of single-handedly fighting against the High-Rankers and beating the crap out of them.


"You're amazing, Big Brother," Chiffon said after William's tale ended. "I wish I had been there to help you."

William chuckled. However, if someone paid attention, they would recognize that William's chuckle was not out of happiness, but out of nervousness.

Clearly, the Half-Elf was still shaken about Chiffon's transformation, and his worry of being eaten by her in her sleep, had increased drastically. 


Chapter 591

A week passed after the battle in the 9th Floor of the Tower of Babylon. 

The Old Patriarch had tasked his right-hand man to handle everything and ensure that Xavier's succession would be witnessed by all the high-ranking members of the Main and Branch Families. 

This also included the vassals, and retainers that served under them. The 9th Floor was a very spacious domain. It was the size of the Hellan Kingdom, and the Anaesha Dynasty combined. 

During his speech, Xavier had openly announced that the Slave Trade would be abolished from his territory. Anyone who would dare to break this law would suffer the wrath of the Floor's Guardian.

Right after this announcement was held, the slaves were immediately freed by their masters, in fear of being subjected to punishment by the Administrator of the Floor of Partings. 

William and Chiffon watched this festivities until its end. However, when Xavier invited them to join the celebratory feast, the Half-Elf politely declined the offer. 

"I'm sorry, we can't stay here longer," William said apologetically. 

Xavier nodded his head in understanding. He felt regretful that the people that helped him acquire his position were now leaving, but after seeing the determination of William's gaze, the new patriarch of the Tristan Clan didn't insist on delaying him any further.

"I guess, Ms. Chiffon will be staying with us for the time being then," Xavier stated. "Do not worry, Sir William. I promise to look after her until you return to the Floor of Partings."

William smiled, but the hand holding Chiffon remained firm. 

"We will be ascending to the next floor together," William declared.

"I see, you will ascend to the next floor toge-- what?" Xavier looked at William in a dumbfounded manner. "Sir William, this is the Floor of Partings. Even if you want to take her, the laws of this floor will prevent you from doing so."

William patted Xavier's shoulder, but didn't say anything else. He gave the dumbfounded patriarch a brief nod before heading towards the teleport gate that would allow them to proceed to the next floor.


Xod and Yves looked at this scene with genuine interest. They had thoroughly enjoyed the entertainment that they had watched on the 9th Floor. 

Now that William and Chiffon decided to leave, the two Guardians eyed each other with a smile. 

"Remember, a month's salary." Xod grinned. "You too, Oogwei."

Oogwei nodded its head as it continued to eat the cucumbers in its bowl.

Yves, on the other hand, was unfazed as it flicked its tongue towards the green-skinned guardian, who had a smug expression on its face.

"You took the words right out of my mouth," Yves said. "Make sure to pay it to me in full."

The two Guardians chuckled, while the little turtle between them ate the bowl of cucumbers with gusto. Oogwei was chuckling internally because it knew William's character. The Half-Elf was the type of person that wouldn't leave those important to him behind.

He was just curious on how the latter would bypass the laws that Yves had placed inside its domain.

The floor of partings didn't have any kind of test. The moment the players arrived at this floor, they could proceed to the next right away. However, they would have to leave the people important to them behind.

This was the cruel condition that Yves had engraved upon the Floor of Partings, and no one had been able to break this law, since the time the Tower had arrived in the world of Hestia.

During the succession war, the teleport crystal had been disabled. Yves felt bored, so it forced those who wished to advance to the next floor, to pick one of the two brothers to support during the duration of their battle. 

Now that the succession war was over, the portal was once again active. 

William faced Chiffon and hugged her tight.


"Are you ready, Chiffon?"

"Un! I'm ready, Big Brother."

William smiled and raised his hand to touch the crystal. However, before he touched it completely, he sent Chiffon inside his Thousand Beast Domain first. 

After making sure that the pink-haired girl was inside the Thousand Beast Domain, William sent her to the Undying Lands. 

He didn't know how strong Yves' Law was, so he decided not to take any chances. The Undying Lands had their own set of rules, making it impossible for the Laws of the world to affect it.

Of course, if this method didn't work, William would return to the 9th Floor and think of a way to smuggle Chiffon to the 10th Floor with him.

The moment William's hand touched the crystal, the world around him was bathed in light. 

A few seconds later, he stood in front of what seemed to be a temple, located on top of the mountain.

Before William could even do anything, the System confirmed that he was already on the 10th Floor, and Chiffon was still in the Undying Lands.

The Half-Elf hurriedly summoned the pink-haired girl to his side, and Chiffon appeared right away.

"Huh?!"

"What?!"

Xod and Yves who were looking at the projection couldn't believe their eyes. There had been instances in the past where people had done the same thing that William did. 


Usually, powerful individuals were able to open their own domains where they could place living beings. Several individuals had thought that they could hoodwink the powers of the Tower and placed their comrades within their private domains.

However, it didn't take long for them to realize that this plan didn't work on the Tower of Babylon. This was why Xod and Yves were confident that William couldn't smuggle Chiffon even if he wanted to.

Oogwei who was watching this scene chuckled and raised its little head to look at his two friends.

"Remember, both of you will give me your monthly salaries at the end of this month," Oogwei said in a teasing manner. "We already made a contract, so the two of you can't make any excuses. Thank you for the gift!"

The little turtle chuckled before ordering a bowl of shredded carrots from the tower. He was very pleased with how the situation played out and cheered for William and Chiffon inside his heart. 

Xod and Yves glanced at each other. Earlier, they thought that they were getting Oogwei's Monthly Salary for free. However, what they didn't know was that the little turtle had planned to get both of their salaries from the very start.

"W-We've been had." Xod stuttered. He didn't know whether to laugh or cry at this sudden turn of events.

Yves was feeling the same. It double checked the set of laws that it had applied on its domain, and a glance was enough to tell him that it wasn't tampered with. This proved that William had been able to bypass the rule of his floor in a "fair" manner, and was not subjected to any kind of punishment from the tower.

Xod and Yves left the little turtle alone as they hurriedly went to talk to their Guardian friends from the tower. Both of them felt bad about what William did, so they decided to get back at him by telling their friends to make things difficult for him.

Oogwei on the other hand just chuckled at the two's attempt to hinder a player who was climbing the tower. 

'This must be Fate,' Oogwei thought. 'Perhaps, the stagnation that we have experienced for the past hundreds of years will soon be broken.'

Oogwei didn't have the power of clairvoyance. He didn't know how high William could climb the tower. However, he hoped beyond hope that William would be the one to usher a new Era.

Not only for the players climbing the Tower of Babylon, but for the sake of the Guardians, who had long forgotten their purpose for coming in this world, that was nearing its end.



Chapter 592

A month had passed since William had started climbing the tower of Babylon. He and Chiffon had faced many challenges along the way. Sometimes, they faced strong opposition from the ruling families on each floor, because of what they did to their "allies" on the previous floors they had visited.

While the two dealt with these troublesome situations, the world outside the Tower of Babylon was bubbling with excitement. Several prodigies from the Central Continent, and beyond its borders, had all congregated in the Kraetor Empire.

After many days of preparation, the Tournament of Champions was about to begin.

"A good day to all of you," Emperor Leonidas said with a smile. His voice spread across the arenas where the prodigies of the different Empires, Kingdoms, Sects, and influential families had gathered.

"On this glorious day, the fight for the title of the Strongest Prodigy among the young generation is about to begin," Emperor Leonidas scanned the surroundings with a confident expression on his face. "All of you that are standing here today, are not only fighting for your honor, but for the honor of your homeland.

"I will not bore you with a long winded speech, because I know that all of you are eager to start the competition. So, without further delay, I hereby announce the start of the Tournament of Champions! Goodluck to each and everyone of you!"

Resounding cheers echoed across the hundreds of arenas where the participants stood in preparation for their upcoming battles. 

The total number of participants that gathered for the tournament was a whopping 428,069. All the leaders of the various powers agreed that the first stage of the tournament would be a royal rumble. 

Among these participants only a few thousands would remain on the first day. The Kraetor Empire had prepared two hundred arenas. In each arena, two thousand one hundred and forty-ish fighters would duke it out, until only ten were left standing.


This was a brutal elimination round that had been agreed on by all parties. The fighters were asked to draw lots that would designate them to their respective arenas. If they got lucky, they would be among the ten fighters that would proceed to the next qualifying round of the tournament.

When the day was over, only two thousand warriors would remain. 

Princess Sidonie and Ian sat in the VIP box that was designated for the Royal Family of the Kraetor Empire. Sitting not far from them was Princess Vanessa and her twin brother, Prince Rainier. 

The two other Princesses of the empire, Princess Hannah, and Princess Amanda were in the next room, along with their servants and entourage. 

The other Princes namely, Prince Maximilian, Prince Darren, Prince Kevin, and Prince Jason, were participating in the tournament. As the hosts, and members of the Royal Family, they had the obligation to show the other Empires that the Kraetor Bloodline didn't shy away from battle.

Originally, Princess Sidonie didn't want to watch the tournament, but since she had nothing else to do, she decided to look for talented individuals that could possibly serve as her retainers. 

The Princess who had been recognized as the most beautiful not only in the Southern Continent, but in the Kraetor Empire as well, had gained many admirers from the nobility, as well as the common people.

If it were the Princess Sidonie of the past, she would not bat an eye, and turn these admirers into her servants. However, after becoming William's lover, her purpose of finding her beloved had now been fulfilled.

Now, her interest lay on finding candidates that would serve as her eyes and ears in the Central Continent. Princess Sidonie had thought long and hard on how she could support William in the Central Continent.


Since she had already had the experience in managing the underworld of her homeland, the Kingdom of Freesia, the beautiful princess decided to create a spy network that would extend to every corner of the world.

That way, she would be able to gather important information that she could analyze in order to understand the geopolitical structure of the new battleground, where she intended to become the Dark Empress that moved the strings from the shadows.

Princess Sidonie was looking lazily at the names of the prodigies from each faction, when she came across a familiar face in the records.

"Ian, do you remember this person?" Princess Sidonie asked as she pointed at the name and picture of a delicate looking teenage boy with silver-gray hair and blue eyes.

"Kenneth Xin Ashleigh," Ian's eyes widened when she saw the familiar name, and face of William's ex-roommate back in the Hellan Royal Academy. 

"It says here that he is a representative of the Silvermoon Continent," Princess Sidonie pointed at Kenneth's affiliation, which put a frown on her beautiful face. "Is Will aware of his background?"

Ashe shook her head. "I don't know. However, Will and Kenneth were pretty close when they were still in the Hellan Royal Academy. He was one of William's most trusted officers."

The mermaid could still remember how William interacted with Kenneth several years ago. With a glance, one could tell that they had a good relationship with each other. 

But, when the Continental Spell descended on the Southern Continent, and Chaos engulfed the Hellan Kingdom, Kenneth disappeared without a trace.


William had tried to look for him on several occasions, but his search came out empty.

The two girls exchanged a glance, before tweaking the settings of the projection crystal beside them. 

Soon, the image of the 77th Arena came to view. It was the arena where Kenneth had been assigned. It didn't take long before they found the person they were looking for.

In the Southwest Corner of the arena, there stood a silver-haired teenage boy with delicate features. Although several years had passed, it was impossible for Ian to not recognize William's roommate, whom the boy took wherever he went.

'Just who are you?' Ian thought as she narrowed her gaze. 'Did you betray William back then? Did you betray us? Are you a spy of the Silvermoon Continent?'

Several questions appeared inside Ian's head, but she had no way of knowing the answer. Right now, she stared at Kenneth as if she was trying to read his every move.

Princess Sidone was someone that was good at reading the body language of people. Just by looking at Kenneth's stance, she could tell that the silver-gray haired teenager wasn't a push over. 

"Let's go and talk to him later," Princess Sidonie proposed. 

Ian nodded her head in agreement. If her hunch was true, and Kenneth had really been a spy of the Silvermoon Continent then it only meant one thing. 


'He was targeting William right at the very start,' Ian thought as she clenched her fist. The thought of her lover being spied on by others left a bitter taste in Ian's mouth. If possible, she wanted to drag Kenneth out of the arena and interrogate him for answers.

However, now was not the time. The silver-gray haired boy was one of the representatives of the Silvermoon Continent, and causing trouble for him could turn into a diplomatic protest. 

Even so, both girls would stop at nothing until they got their answers. They couldn't allow an existence that threatened their beloved to remain alive. Even if he used to be one of William's close friends.


Chapter 593

"Fight!"

The referee gave the signal for battle, and the entire arena descended into chaos. 

All the fighters were briefed that if possible, they should abstain from killing anyone in the arena. Unlike what happened in the arena of the Hellan Royal Academy, those who would die in the Tournament of Champions would not come back to life.

In order to prevent the other Empires, Kingdoms, Sects, and Influential Families from finding fault with the Kraetor Empire, Emperor Leonidas had issued a decree that all those who wished to participate in the tournament must sign a Death Waiver.

The waiver explicitly declared that the Kraetor Empire would not be blamed for the deaths of any participants, who planned to join the tournament. Everyone must take responsibility for their own lives, and their respective Kingdoms or Sects should adhere to the rules written in the tournament. 

Alas, there were some prodigies who craved to take the life of others, so several deaths had transpired on the first day of the competition.

Majority of those deaths came from the hands of the Prodigies that hailed from the Demonic Continent. 

Unfortunately for them, some of the geniuses of the Central Continent hated demons as well, so their acts didn't go unpunished. Out of the twenty fighters from the Demon Continent, only thirteen remained.

Two of them were killed by Prince Jason who happened to be in the same arena as them. Just like the other contestants, Prince Jason had a certain bias when it came to Demons, and Half-Elves. 

It was quite fortunate that no Half-Elves stood in the arena where the Fifth Prince of the Kraetor Empire fought. If there was, their fate would have been the same as the Demons that Prince Jason had killed in battle.

The brutal tournament lasted several hours until ten survivors remained. 

Princess Sidonie and Ian frowned as they watched the battle that was happening in the 77th Arena. 


"This Kenneth is not as simple as he looked," Princess Sidonie muttered.

Ian who was seated by her side nodded her head in agreement.

During the entirety of the elimination round, Kenneth stood in place and didn't move from his location. However, everyone who was near him had been knocked unconscious, and laid on the ground around him.

Princess Sidonie and Ian didn't know how the delicate looking teenager did it. All they knew was that Kenneth didn't even move a muscle, nor lifted a finger, before those who tried to attack him fell down like puppets whose strings had been cut.

It was an eerie scene to watch.

Because of Kenneth's mysterious performance, the other candidates stayed far away from him, as they battled amongst themselves. 

They would rather fight someone that fought back, rather than a person that only stood completely still, but still able to knock everyone around him unconscious. For the players, Kenneth was the biggest threat in their arena.

No one tried to challenge him as they fought for the remaining 9 slots that would take them to the next phase of the tournament.

Kenneth simply remained standing, while holding a short silver blade in his hand. He didn't lower his guard, and paid close attention to his surroundings. 

Princess Sidonie and Ian were very disappointed with this development. Deep inside, both girls wanted someone to beat Kenneth up because he lied about his true affiliations. 

Three hours later, the battle in the 77th Arena ended and Kenneth was one of the ten remaining survivors. 

The two girls didn't waste any time and left the VIP Room in haste. They wanted to confront Kenneth as soon as possible before he returned to the special guest residences that were assigned to the envoys of the Silvermoon Continent.


Kenneth was on the way back to his room, when he noticed two presences that were headed in his direction. One of them held clear hostility towards him, which made the teenager frown.

'Are they perhaps some of the earlier participants that couldn't accept their loss?' Kenneth unsheathed his blade and held it firmly in his hand. 'To think that I would get into trouble on the very first day of this tournament. Master will definitely nag at me if she finds out about this.'

The delicate looking teenager sighed as he walked towards an alley where he would deal with his two pursuers. Naturally, he didn't plan to kill them, but only to knock them out. 

Kenneth erased his presence and hid behind a barrel. The moment the two people walked past him, he would immediately strike and escape from this location.

As the sounds of footsteps drew closer, Kenneth prepared himself to attack, however, just as he was about to execute his plan, the sound of footsteps stopped.

Kenneth frowned, but he remained in place as he controlled his breathing. 

'Why did they stop?' Kenneth thought. 'Could they have possibly detected my presence?'

Kenneth immediately denied this idea. He was quite proficient in erasing his presence and he was sure that only powerful individuals could find him, while he was patiently waiting for his next move, a familiar voice reached his ears.

"Kenneth, come out," Ian said. "We need to talk."

Kenneth's eyes widened when he heard the voice of the snot-nosed-pansy that William would often curse inside their room when they were still roommates.

The Half-Elf had not hidden his irritation for Est's retainer, who always bickered with him. Back then, Kenneth would chuckle internally as he watched William's depressed expression. Clearly, the red-headed teenager had no love for the annoying boy, who liked to butt heads with him.

Kenneth came out of his hiding place and confronted the two girls who stood in front of him.


To his surprise, he also recognized the girl standing beside Ian.

How could he possibly forget the beautiful Princess that had graced them with her presence during the war against the two Dynasties that threatened the Hellan Kingdom.

"What are you doing here?" Kenneth asked Ian. "Do you know where I can find Will? I need to talk to him. It is very important."

Princess Sidonie and Ian exchanged a glance, before shifting their gazes back to the teenage boy in front of them.

"If you want to talk, we can talk," Princess Sidonie. "However, this is not the place for that. Come with us."

Princess Sidonie turned around and headed out of the alley. Her identity was well-known, so she wore a veil to cover her face. However, the moment they made a turn to the alley, she had removed her veil as a means of self protection. 

As long as she was able to look at her target, she would be able to charm them. However, the moment her gaze fell on Kenneth, she understood right away that charming him was not an option. 

Since that was the case, they should sit down and talk. Perhaps by doing so, both sides would be able to find the answers to their questions, without resorting to violence.

Ian glared at Kenneth before turning around to follow Princess Sidonie. 

Kenneth, on the other hand, sheathed his weapon before following the two girls. He could tell that both of them seemed to have grudges against him. The silver-haired teenager understood Ian's feelings, but he couldn't understand why Princess Sidonie felt the same.

As far as he knew, they didn't have any conflict with each other.

'No matter,' Kenneth thought as he followed the two girls with determination. 'I will know the answers soon enough.'



Chapter 594

Three people sat inside one of the private rooms reserved for the Royal Family of the Kraetor Empire in the Dancing Lady Pavillion.  

What they were going to talk about required confidentiality, so Princess Sidonie decided to go to a High-Class Inn, that was not far away from Kenneth’s accommodations.  

The three people drank their tea in silence. It was as if they had agreed upon an unwritten rule that they would first finish drinking before they started their discussion.

Ten minutes later, the tea in their cups had been emptied.

Princess Sidonie smiled and decided to take the lead in the conversation.

“I believe that the two of us haven’t introduced ourselves to each other,” Princess Sidonie said. “I am Sidonie Val Freesia. Princess of the Kingdom of Freesia, and Granddaughter of Emperor Leonidas. I am also William’s fiance. Nice to meet you.”

Princess Sidonie didn’t extend her hand in greeting, because there was no need for it. Since Kenneth was under suspicion of spying on William, the beautiful princess decided not to be too lax with the person in front of her.  

“Kenneth Xin Ashleigh,” Kenneth replied. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Princess Sidonie.”

Kenneth also didn’t exchange his hand in greeting. He could tell that both girls were very wary of him, so he decided to just stick to his purpose of coming with the two of them.

“Is William here in the Kraetor Empire?” Kenneth asked.

Ian frowned before answering Kenneth’s question with another question, “Why are you looking for him?”  

“… I can’t tell you that.”

“What a coincidence. I also can’t tell you the answer to your question.”

The corner of Kenneth’s lips twitched after hearing Ian’s reply. He could tell that the latter had no intention of telling him William’s whereabouts until he stated his reason for looking for the Half-Elf.

“I really can’t tell you the reason because it is a private affair,” Kenneth replied. He needed to compromise to get some answers, so he faced Princess Sidonie who seemed to be less hostile than Ian. “I can only answer questions that I am able to answer. Aside from that, my lips are sealed.”

Princess Sidonie nodded in understanding.

“Very well.” Princess Sidonie pressed her palms together and rested her chin over them. She then stared at Kenneth with a scrutinizing gaze that made the latter feel uncomfortable. “Back in the Hellan Kingdom, were you spying on my fiance?”

“Yes.” Kenneth admitted in a heartbeat. He had no reason to deny this point since everything was already over. “I volunteered to spy on him, to prevent others from spying on him.  

“Know that while I was with William, I didn’t divulge any of his secrets to others. I only reported what I thought would be overlooked, so that the Elders of my Family would not pay too much attention to him.”

Princess Sidonie arched an eyebrow. She was a good judge in reading the body language of people and Kenneth’s words, and actions told her that he wasn’t lying.

“You came here to the Kraetor Empire to look for William, right?”

“Yes.”

“Why?” Princess Sidonie asked.

Kenneth smiled as he tapped the table with his finger. “I think it is my turn to ask questions, don’t you think?”

Princess Sidonie smiled sweetly because the person in front of her was someone that wouldn’t lose to her when it came to negotiations. Since that was the case, she nodded her head and waited for Kenneth’s question.

“Is William here?” Kenneth asked.

Princess Sidonie shook her head, “No. My Fiance is currently out on an errand, and is not present in the empire right now.”

Kenneth frowned, but he still nodded his head. Although he wasn’t as proficient with Sidonie in reading people, his gut instinct told him that the beautiful princess was telling the truth.

“Were you with the Elves during the war in the Southern Continent?” Ian asked from the side.  

Kenneth shifted his gaze to the snot-nosed-pansy before shaking his head. “No. I didn’t join the Anti-Human Faction because my family is part of the Conservative Faction. Also, I didn’t want Will to hate me, so I stayed away from the conflict.”

After hearing Kenneth’s words, the irritation that Ian felt decreased significantly. She hadn’t seen him among the survivors of the Elves, which proved that he didn’t take part in the war that almost brought the Hellan Kingdom to its knees.

“Then, where were you during the war? Don’t tell me you were just watching from the sides?” Ian inquired.

“Yes,” Kenneth replied. “I was watching from the sides. I gazed at the battle from far away, but I didn’t expect that kind of outcome. William is really something, isn’t he?”

Princess Sidonie grinned. “Of course he is. He is the man I chose, after all.”

Ian wanted to say that she chose him first. But, since she couldn’t possibly say that in front of a spy from the Silvermoon Continent, she allowed Princess Sidonie to take the spotlight.

“When will William return?” Kenneth asked. “Like I said earlier, there is an important message that I need to pass to him.”

Princess Sidonie sighed before leaning back on her chair. “I don’t know when he will come back. But, it had been a month since he left the Empire. I miss him terribly.”

Kenneth ignored the part about the princess missing William terribly and only focused on the important information that she had just told him.

‘He had been away for more than a month?’ Kenneth thought. ‘Just where did he go?’

A few minutes of silence passed inside the room. Both sides wanted to ask each other more questions, but they somehow came to an agreement that they had discussed enough for the day.  

Princess Sidonie couldn’t leave the Royal Residence for a long period of time, and she had only snuck out with Ian as her escort.

“We will come and find you again when the opportunity arises,” Princess Sidonie said as she stood. She was about to leave when she remembered something important.

“By the way, did you also join the tournament because you are attracted to the prizes?” Princess Sidonie asked.  

Kenneth smiled as he gazed at the princess that had declared herself as William’s fiance. Although he still had doubts whether Princess Sidonie was telling the truth or not, he decided to believe her for the time being.

“The Emperor of the Kraetor Empire would grant a wish to the winner, correct?” Kenneth asked back.

“Oh, so that is what you are aiming for.” Princess Sidonie smirked. “Yes. Grandfather plans to award the champion a wish. As long as he is able to fulfill it, that wish will be granted without fail.”

Kenneth nodded. “So, that means that he can also break your engagement with William, right?”

Princess Sidonie’s smile stiffened when she heard Kenneth’s question.  

The silver haired teenager chuckled before standing up. He then headed to the door in a carefree manner. However, before leaving the room, he glanced back at Princess Sidonie one more time and left his parting words.

“I may not have stayed long by William’s side, but I know him well enough to know he would not make a girl his lover just because of her beauty,” Kenneth commented. “That collar on your neck belonged to William. I also know the custom of the Kraetor Royal Family.  

“I don’t know what kind of trick you used to have William place that collar on your neck, but know this, I don’t like other people taking advantage of his kindness.”

Kenneth opened the door and left the room. However, before the door closed, he left a few more words that made Sidonie want to strangle him up.

“William is too good for you,” Kenneth added. “I will free him from your clutches.”

The door closed leaving a beet-red princess who seemed to be out for blood. Ian, who was standing not far away from her, lowered her head as she suppressed a giggle.

She had long accepted Princess Sidonie as William’s lover, so Kenneth’s words didn’t bother her much. However, the look on her friend’s face as she received Kenneth’s one-sided banter was priceless.

Clearly, the scheming princess didn’t want her engagement with William to be broken by anyone. What she didn’t know was that an intense internal discussion was currently happening inside Princess Sidonie’s mindscape.  

< That boy wants to break our engagement with Darling? Over my drop dead, gorgeous body! Sidonie, let’s have that person killed! >

Morgana was fuming. After having their first time with William on his eighteenth birthday, both girls had truly become his women both in heart and body. They would not allow their engagement to be broken, even if the one that decreed it was the Emperor of the Kraetor Empire.

‘Don’t worry, he will not win the tournament,’ Princess Sidonie replied. ‘I will not let him no matter what.’

< Hmp! That pretty boy bastard. Why is he getting in our way? >

As Morgana was raving, a sudden possibility appeared inside her head.

< W-Wait! Could it be that he is also… >

‘He is also what?’

< He is also cursed like Ashe? Maybe he is a girl in disguise? >

‘… Okay, let’s kill him.’

< … >

Morgana wanted to protest that she had already proposed it earlier, but her other half had rejected it. Now that she mentioned that Kenneth could be a cursed person like Ian, Princess Sidonie switched gears in order to eliminate the silver-haired pretty boy.

< I don’t mind if you plan to eliminate him, but do that after you find out why he is looking for William. Whatever he wanted to talk to him about, it seemed rather important. >

Princess Sidonie agreed with Morgana’s advice, and promised that she would do her best to pry some answers from Kenneth on their next meeting.

She had worked hard to become William’s lover, and she would not allow anyone, not even the Emperor of the Kraetor Empire, to get in the way of her happiness.  







Chapter 595

Princess Sidonie kissed William’s lips passionately. It had been a while since the two of them shared intimacy because William had been so busy climbing the Tower of Babylon.  

As the two of them shared a deep lingering kiss, William’s left hand rested on top of Ashe’s head. The mermaid was busy kissing Little William, who was very eager for her attention.

A few minutes later, Ashe straddled William and lightly moved her hips. Princess Sidonie was not the only one who was eager to make love with him. The beautiful mermaid had also been looking forward to this moment.

Ever since she and Princess Sidonie had given their first time to him, the two had come up with a plan on how to share William between the two of them. The current set-up was something that the two beautiful girls had agreed on beforehand, which made William very happy.

After a few rounds of lovemaking, the three laid on the bed with the two girls resting their heads on William’s chest. All three of them were very satisfied with their bonding session and were now talking about Kenneth’s reappearance within the Kraetor Empire.  

“He has something important to tell me?” William inquired.

Morgana nodded her head. After Sidonie had reached her limit, the seductive succubus finished what her other half started.

“At least, that is what she told us,” Morgana replied. ” What should we do next, Darling?”

William closed his eyes as he pondered what to do next. If he were to believe what his two lovers told him, Kenneth’s purpose for coming to the Southern Continent was to spy on him on behalf of the Elders of his family.

The Half-Elf already had a hunch that this was indeed the case. Even so, he allowed Kenneth to stay close to him while they were in the Hellan Royal Academy. The reason for this was simple, for some reason, he felt that Kenneth had no intention of hurting him.

Even though he was a spy, he only reported what was on the surface, and not about William’s deepest secrets. This had made the Elders of his family not pay too much attention to the red-headed teenager.

Their opinion of him only changed when they had read the reports of what had transpired in the Southern Continent. Because of this, they had changed their stance on him and delegated him a target that should be placed at the top of their priorities.

“Maybe he came to warn me that the Elves are going to target me from the shadows,” William said after careful consideration. “What I did in the Southern Continent definitely ruffled their feathers.”

Princess Sidonie and Ashe nodded their heads at the same time. If the Elven Race still thought of William as a pitiful Half-Elf in the past, now they regarded him as someone whom they should pay extra attention to.  

There were even talks about asking Arwen to be a negotiator in order to patch up the relationship between the Half-Elf and the Elves in the Silvermoon Continent. Not all Elves supported the Clans that had invaded the Southern Continent.

There were also rumors flying around that William had inherited his father’s position as the Dungeon Conqueror. This brought another round of headache to the Elven Council because this was a threat that they couldn’t ignore.

They had already seen what a Dungeon Conqueror could do. If they were to make one their enemy then they didn’t have to wait for the Prince of Darkness to appear in the world. William was more than enough to raze their continent to the ground if he felt like it.

The other Guardians, especially Escalor and Zyphon (the Guardian Deer), were quite adamant that the Elves should send an envoy to make peace with William. Both had been on the frontlines of the war and experienced the might of William’s Undead Army, which still brought them chills to this day.

Drauum had secluded himself in his domain and refused to come out. Sepheron’s disappearance weighed a lot on the Ancient Golem’s mind because the two had known each other for thousands of years.

Perhaps, due to the laws of the Silvermoon Continent, Sepheron’s disappearance had triggered a phenomenon.

The sole Guardian that had remained to protect the Silvermoon Continent, while the others were away, had transformed into a Demigod.  

The Ent King, Myrendor, was once a World Tree.  

After living for thousands of years, a seed had been born from its body. This seed had taken most of its powers, allowing it to grow.

After losing its strength, the Elves thought that the World Tree had died, and did their best to care for the new sapling that would take its place. Hundreds of years later, the first World Tree broke out of its empty husk and was born anew as an Ent.

Now, this same Ent had been blessed by the Silvermoon Continent, and transformed to a Demigod, replacing Sepheron as the pillar of support for the Elven Race.

“Sidonie, Morgana, I will leave Kenneth in your hands,” William stated. “Don’t hurt him, okay? He’s one of the few friends I have. In regards to his background as a spy, this is not a big deal. After all, the Elves have to think thrice if they want to mess with me again.”

“Understood,” Morgana replied. “Darling, what would you do if…”

Morgana didn’t finish the words she wanted to say, because she didn’t want to think of such a possibility.

William, who had been waiting for her to finish her sentence frowned.

“What is it?” William inquired. “Is something on your mind?”

“No. it’s not important,” Morgana replied. “Forget what I said, Darling.”

Ashe, who had her eyes closed, slowly opened them to look at Morgana. The two ladies exchanged a knowing glance. Both of them had discussed the possibility of Kenneth being cursed just like Est, Ashe, and Isaac.

If that really were the case, they would stop at nothing to ensure that the silver haired teenager would not pose a threat to their beloved.

A few minutes later, William fell asleep with both girls in his embrace. The Tower of Babylon was unforgiving and even with his Trump Cards, the challenges proved to be quite difficult.  

Although the Agnis Family had stopped sending High-Rankers to hunt William down, the other ruling families had taken notice of him and Chiffon. Because of this, the two had to always be on guard against possible attacks from every direction.

Princess Sidonie and Ashe watched William’s sleeping face with gentle gazes.  

After having their fill, both ladies kissed their beloved’s cheeks at the same time before closing their eyes to sleep.

Chiffon, who was sleeping in the guest room in William’s Villa, tossed and turned on her big bed. She had always slept by the red-headed teenager’s side, and sleeping all by herself made her feel uncomfortable.

It was as if something was missing in her life.

Chiffon sighed as she covered her eyes with her left arm. She knew that William was spending the night with Princess Sidonie and Ashe. The pink-haired girl had insisted that she would sleep with them, but William’s two lovers politely turned her down.

The two ladies told Chiffon that they wanted to be with William till morning, and humbly asked her to not disturb them during that time.

As someone who had never been in a relationship before, Chiffon was clueless why she couldn’t join them on the bed. Even so, she respected her friends’ requests because they had taken good care of her as well.

‘I wish morning would come soon,’ Chiffon thought as she sighed internally. ‘Big Brother, I want to eat you soon.’







Chapter 596

Two days had passed since the first Elimination Round of the tournament. The two thousand participants that survived the Battle Royale were given a day to rest in order to fully recover from their injuries.

Of course, they received proper treatment from the Clerics of the Kraetor Empire, so all of them had recovered from their injuries. The one day of rest was given in order for them to raise their performance to the peak condition, before fighting their next match.

The two thousand contestants were once again divided into the two hundred arenas that were prepared for the battle.  

This time, each arena had ten people in it. There would be five one on one matches. The winners would proceed to the third phase of the tournament.

The Tournament of Champions was a grand event. It meant that almost all the merchants in the Central Continent were taking advantage of the festivities and doing business in the capital city of the Kraetor Empire.

Naturally, the Empire received a small percentage of their earnings. This was why Emperor Leonidas had drafted out a plan to control the pace of the competition, and secure more profits as the days went by.

The other rulers knew of this as well, but they decided to turn a blind eye on it. All of them decided to make the Tournament of Champions a regular event that would be hosted by the different Empires every three years.  

Although they were quite envious of the current riches that Emperor Leonidas was raking in, they held back their greed in preparation for the time when it would be their turn to host the event in their home turf.

Kenneth stood in the arena and stared at his opponent. The one he was facing off against was one of the candidates from the Demon Race. Just like always, everyone drew a ballot to find their designated arenas.

It just so happened that Kenneth was paired up against a Demon who had gained infamy on the first day by killing many people.

“I guess this is your unlucky day, Elf.” The Demon chuckled as he appraised Kenneth from head to foot. “Too bad you are not a girl. If you were, I would definitely bring you back to my room after I knocked you unconscious.”

The demon chuckled lecherously, which made Kenneth frown.

The referee stared at the two fighters before raising his hand to begin the battle. As soon as he gave the signal, the demon disappeared from his location and reappeared behind Kenneth with a sneer.

As one of the prodigies of the Demon Race, the reason he had no qualms in killing people was due to his ability to control Space.

The Demon Lord saw his potential and decided to nurture his talents. Because of this, he was able to raise his rank at a very rapid pace.

The Demon Lord had ordered the ten Demonic teenagers that he had sent to the Kraetor Empire to kill as many as they could. His purpose for this was two-fold. The first reason was that it was the most efficient way to show everyone that they should be feared.

The second one was to weaken the empires by killing off their young geniuses. There was once a popular saying in the Demonic Lands when it came to talented individuals.

A dead genius is no longer a genius.

Before the demons declared war on the Elves, the competition in the Demonic Continent was fierce. Now that the number of their talented individuals had decreased, they stopped killing each other, and focused on increasing their ranks as much as possible.

Slaves were a hot commodity in the Demonic Continent.  

Slave merchants would go out of their way to travel there in order to share their wares, which they had captured from all over the world.

The Demon that controlled Space was one of the spawns that was birthed from the union of Demon and a lady that was born with strong magical power. It was quite unfortunate that she had been backstabbed by her rivals, and sold to the slave merchants, which in turn brought her to the Demonic Continent.

She was but one of the many people who were unlucky enough to be enslaved for various reasons and sold to the highest bidder.

When the Demon was about to stab Kenneth’s back to end the pretty boy’s life, he felt his body turning sluggish.

It was as if he was moving thirty times slower than normal even with his power of Space.  

“Pay for your sins in the afterlife.”

That was the last thing that the Demon heard before his head fell off from his body.  

Kenneth flicked his short sword, sending the bloodstain flying towards the ground. He was someone that didn’t enjoy killing. However, if faced with someone that deserved to die, he would not hesitate to end their miserable lives and send them to hell.

The spectators who were watching the match looked at Kenneth with dumbfounded expressions.

What they saw was the silver-haired teenager casually swinging his sword behind him. After that, the demon’s head was cut off from its body, ending the battle in mere seconds.  

Princess Sidonie and Ian, who was paying close attention to Kenneth’s battle, couldn’t believe their eyes. They didn’t see anything special about Kenneth’s move. What he did was just a simple slash and the match ended just like that.

They didn’t even see him use any technique or magical ability.

Kenneth sheathed his sword and left the arena with even steps. His Master had sent him to get real life experience in the world, so he decided to go to the Southern Continent to meet William.  

Now that the Half-Elf had gone to the Central Continent, Kenneth decided to follow him. For him, it was his duty to look after William in place of his Master who couldn’t leave the Silvermoon Continent.

He also didn’t like the way Princess Sidonie tricked the Half-Elf into becoming her fiance. Kenneth despised these underhanded methods and vowed to free William from the scheming princess’ grasp.

Unknown to him, William had already recognized Princess Sidonie as his lover and had even become her first man. Even if the silver-haired teenager managed to win the tournament, and ask Emperor Leonidas to break the engagement, the two had already been joined at the hip.  

The rice had already been cooked, and it couldn’t be uncooked no matter how hard Kenneth tried.

(A/N: Just in case you guys are not familiar with the term the rice has been cooked, it meant that the deed has already been done. This refers to having experienced sex, or losing one’s maidenhood. Since it is already lost, it cannot be recovered again.)

“Should we go and meet him?” Princess Sidonie asked as she glanced at Ian who was seated by her side.

Ian pondered a bit before nodding her head. William had assigned them to try and get close to Kenneth, to find out the real reason why his Ex-Roommate was looking for him. The Half-Elf had also forbidden the two ladies to harm Kenneth and scheme against him.

The two reluctantly agreed to William’s order and promised not to do anything reckless. However, that didn’t mean that they would take things lightly if they discovered that Kenneth was lying to them.  

“It will be best if we can pry some answers from him,” Ian replied. “Will said that Kenneth isn’t hostile towards him, but we need to confirm if this is really true. Our lover trusts people too much, and it worries me.”

Princess Sidonie nodded her head in agreement.  

The two of them once again headed towards the city where the Silver Haired teenager was already waiting for their arrival.  







Chapter 597

Chiffon and William were currently on the 20th floor of the Tower of Babylon. In order to proceed to the next floor, they would need to catch some rare fish in the lake and present it to the examiner.  

This trial could be accomplished individually or as a group. The overall score would be calculated on the number and rarity of fishes that were caught.

William and Chiffon took their fishing lines and stood at the fishing area assigned to them. They were not alone in their fishing spot because several middle-aged men were there as well. These men had been living in the Floor of Anglers for many years.

They were the people who had a passion for fishing and decided to stop the dangerous climb up the tower, and just spend their lives doing their hobby, which was fishing.

Chiffon was the only girl in the group and she was very cute and adorable. Because of this, the friendly uncles befriended her, and decided to have a chat as they taught the little girl how to put the bait on her fishing rod.

William was just as clueless as Chiffon when it came to fishing. Although he had the Dungeon of Atlantis, he never tried catching fish using a fishing pole. This was the first time he was going to try traditional fishing, and he looked forward to it.  

“Back in my younger years, they called me Master Baiter,” a middle-aged man said as he instructed Chiffon how to place her bait properly. “No one can beat me when it comes to picking the best baits in order to catch the rarest fish in my hometown. I’ve been challenged so many times, but none of them were able to defeat me.”

“You’re amazing, Uncle,” Chiffon replied. “I have never tried fishing before. However, it looks very fun!”

“It is.” Master Baiter chuckled. “Don’t worry, as long as I’m here, you can easily pass the trial. I have rare baits with me, I’ll give them to you free of charge.”

“Yay! Thank you, Uncle!”

“Hahaha! It’s not a big deal.”

One of the middle-aged men standing nearby snorted. “Don’t believe this rascal, Sweetheart. He may have been good in the past, but that was because he hadn’t met me in my prime. I go by the name Mr. Quickie.  

“The moment I throw my fishing line, the fishes flock to me like bees to honey. If there is anyone here that can teach you to fish, that will be none other than me.”

Master Baiter chuckled in a teasing manner, “Quick is not always good. The true way to fish is by taking the time to understand your prey. Even if you catch fish easily, what of it? The Floor of Anglers base the points depending on how rare the fish is.”

“Shut up, old fart.” Mr. Quickie glared. “You’re just jealous because I’m quick.”

Master Baiter sneered. “You are also an old fart. So what if you are quick? This is why you’re still single. You can’t even satisfy the ladies.”

Mr. Quickie almost had an aneurysm because Master Baiter had stepped on his landmine. He had been in several relationships in the past, but none of them lasted long. They came as quick as he did, and left him just as fast.  

“You really are asking for it,” Mr. Quickie shouted. “How about we have a match. Right here, right now. Let’s see who among us is the real deal.”

“Hah! I’m not afraid of you. Chiffon, step to the side. See how I beat the crap out of this fool.”

The other middle-aged men who were also on the fishing platform sighed and shook their heads. They were the friends of Master Baiter and Mr. Quickie, but they really hated it when the two started bickering.  

“The two fools are at it again.”

“Can’t we just fish in peace and get it over with? Why must these two numbskulls bark at each other at every opportunity they get?”

“I told you we shouldn’t have invited both of them at the same time. Now our day is going to be ruined.”

“These poor players. How can they proceed to the next floor when these two bastards are scaring the fishes?”

Chiffon, who had just finished her preparations, looked up at the two middle-aged men who were looking at each other as if they were about to come to blows. She could tell that they were good people, and didn’t want them to fight each other.

At a loss on what to do, she decided to change the topic and raise the prestige of her Big Brother to the two uncles whom she had met for the first time. She hoped that by doing so, the two uncles would stop fighting each other.

“My Big Brother is also good at fishing,” Chiffon said. “He also holds a title that is similar to Mr. Quickie.”

“What?!” Mr. Quickie tore his gaze from his nemesis before looking at Chiffon. “The same title as me?”

Chiffon nodded her head. It was then when the corner of her lips rose ever so slightly. It was as if she was about to brag that she was the one that raised William to become the man he was.

Master Baiter who didn’t want to lose to anyone also looked at Chiffon before looking at William who had also finished attaching bait to his fishing hook.

“Chiffon, is your Big Brother’s title more awesome than mine?” Master Baiter asked.  

“Just as awesome!” Chiffon replied.

“Is he as quick as me?” Mr.Quickie asked.

“Quicker than you!” Chiffon answered.

The two men glanced at each other because they couldn’t believe what the little girl in front of them was saying.  

“What is his title?” Master Baiter asked.

Mr. Quickie stayed silent and waited for Chiffon to answer the question. He didn’t believe that there was someone much faster than him.

“My Big Brother’s title is Quickshot,” Chiffon patted her chest. “I heard him say it several times in the past.”

William, who was about to throw his fishing line, almost fell off the platform after hearing Chiffon’s words. More than anything else, he didn’t want others talking about his main profession.

Master Baiter’s expression softened after hearing Chiffon’s words. He then walked towards William and patted his shoulder.

“It must be hard to be a Quickshot,” Master Baiter said. “I feel sorry for you, Young Man. However, do not worry. Just do your best to hold it in, and you will be just fine.”

The corner of William’s lips twitched. He was about to explain that Chiffon was only joking when Mr. Quickie patted his other shoulder.

“You are indeed quicker than me,” Mr.Quickie sighed. “You don’t even last five seconds do you? Is this the reason why you’re climbing the tower? Your wish is not to become a quick shot any longer, right?”

The other men on the platform also looked at William. Their eyes were filled with pity.  

“It’s okay, boy. You will find someone that will appreciate your… quick shots.”

“That’s right. There are many fishes in the sea. Who knows? You’re quite good looking, so finding a partner won’t be too hard. Since you can’t satisfy them with your junior, use your hands instead. That way, they will be satisfied as well.”

The other middle-aged men voiced similar words of encouragement to William. What they didn’t know was that the Quick Shot was very close in unleashing his bazooka to blow them off from the face of the tower.

Master Baiter and Mr.Quickie had forgotten their feud and tried to cheer William up by sharing their stories with women. The two middle-aged men made sure to tell William how awesome they were, and the techniques they used in hooking up with women.

William tried to fight back and told Master Baiter and Mr.Quickie that he already had four lovers. Two of them were even princesses.  

When the group of men heard William’s words, all of them broke out into laughter. For them, it was William’s last attempt to wash away the embarrassment he was feeling. After exchanging a knowing glance to each other, they all told William that they were willing to share more of their techniques in order to woo women.

William listened to all the advice that the older men gave him while giving each of them the middle finger in his heart. No matter what he said, none of them believed him, so the Half-Elf decided to just stay mum and continue his fishing.

They were only given half an hour, and he didn’t want to waste them chatting with Master Baiter and Mr. Quickie.

Now that their moods were uplifted, the two middle-aged men instructed Chiffon how to properly throw the fishing line in the water.  

The pink-haired girl followed their advice and her line drew a beautiful arc before landing on the water.

The two middle-aged men also threw their lines as well. Since fishing required patience, they chatted with Chiffon and told her about their adventures in the tower.

A minute after Chiffon had thrown her bait, the floating ball near the little girl’s hook started to bob. It meant that she had caught a fish and it made her very excited.

The two old men also noticed it as well and told Chiffon what to do. After a bit of struggle, the pink-haired girl pulled her catch out of the water and made it land on the platform, which surprised everyone.

“A Silver-Striped Pupfish!” Master Baiter exclaimed. “Isn’t this the third rarest fish on the Floor of Anglers?”

“It is,” Mr. Quickie replied. “You’re amazing, Chiffon. I’ve been fishing here for years, and I still haven’t caught this fish. This is more than enough for you to pass the trial if you present it to the examiner.”

“Really?” Chiffon asked in disbelief. “This little fish is enough to let us pass?”

“Yes,” one fo the middle-aged men in the fishing platform answered. “It is enough for you to pass, but not your Big Brother. You need to catch at least one more Silver-Striped Pupfish in order for both of you to advance to the next floor.”

“Okay!” Chiffon nodded her head with determination.  

This was the first time she tried fishing and she found it quite enjoyable. After putting her catch on a pale filled with water, the pink-haired girl once again threw her line to the water.

William smiled from the side as he waited for a fish to bite his bait. He was quite happy that Chiffon seemed to be enjoying herself. In fact, he could faintly hear the little girl humming a song.

A minute later, Chiffon pulled out another fish, this time, it was a golden fish that was over a meter long.

“Crowned Golden Sturgeon!” Master Baiter cried out in alarm. “This is the rarest fish in this lake. Chiffon, you’re amazing!”

The other men in the platform crowded around Chiffon and the Crowned Golden Sturgeon. They had only seen this fish in picture books, but had never seen one alive. Just like Master Baiter said, it was the rarest fish in the Floor of Anglers.

“I didn’t think that I would be able to see this fish in my lifetime.”

“Wait, we need to document this! Who has a recording crystal?!”

“I have one!”

“Okay, everyone, gather around!”

Chiffon stood at the center while holding the Golden Crowned Sturgeon in her hands. She was wearing her Devourer’s Gauntlet, which locked the fish in place, preventing it from escaping.

William stood beside her and patted her head affectionately. The older men stood behind the two teenagers and smiled at the recording crystal. This recording crystal would soon be part of the Floor of Angler’s Hall of Fame, so they were quite eager to have their faces shown in the recording as well.

By doing so, they could bask in Chiffon’s glory and could brag to their children, in the years to come.  

—–

“Big Brother, let’s come back to this floor again,” Chiffon said sleepily as she rested her head on William’s chest.

“Okay,” William replied and patted her head. “Let’s come back here after we clear the 51st floor.”

“Un!”

Chiffon closed her eyes and slept. She was quite exhausted. After taking their catch to the examiner, they were rewarded with ten thousand tokens. Chiffon was given an additional ten Thousand Tokens for catching the rarest fish on the Floor of Anglers.

After passing the trial, the two didn’t leave right away. William thought that it would be a shame if they left the floor now. He could tell that Chiffon didn’t want to go and wanted to continue fishing a little longer.

William thought that it was not a bad idea to continue fishing and let Chiffon enjoy a rare day of happiness in the tower.

They then returned to the fishing platform, alongside the old men that had accompanied them to the examiner. Chiffon had caught several other rare fishes, but she didn’t catch another Golden Crowned Sturgeon.  

However, that was fine with her.  

For the first time since William had met Chiffon, the Half-Elf saw the makings of a smile on her adorable face. William wished that there would be more opportunities for Chiffon to have fun in the tower, and watch her face glow with happiness.







Chapter 598

Two weeks passed since the Tournament of Champions started in the capital city of the Kraetor Empire, Azmar.

Out of the thousands that joined the event, only thirty one remained. Prince Maximilian and Prince Jason were the only representatives of the Kraetor Empire that had lasted until this point.  

As for the Elves and the Demon Race, three remained on each side.

Kenneth was one of the three Elves that managed to get far in the tournament. Princess Sidonie, Ashe, and Morgana, weren’t able to identify how the Elf had been able to deal with his opponents.

All of Kenneth’s battles ended the same way, which made the three girls helpless. They thought that the silver-haired pretty boy wouldn’t be able to survive until the end, but they had greatly underestimated Kenneth’s ability.

Princess Sidonie and Ashe had approached several times during the tournament, but they were unable to get any more information from him. William’s Ex-Roommate was tight-lipped, and was adamant that he would only pass his message to William.

< No matter what happens, he mustn’t win! >

Morgana glared at the pretty boy from within Princess Sidonie’s mindscape. Kenneth had said on more than one occasion that he would break William’s engagement with the Princess of Freesia, which infuriated the two beautiful ladies.  

Princess Sidonie nodded her head in agreement. She had promised William that she wouldn’t do anything to harm the young man, so she was putting her hopes on the other contestants.  

“After today’s battle, the seventeen participants will be placed in different brackets until one of them remains,” Ashe commented from the side. “The crowd favorites are of course, Prince Maximilian and Prince Jason. However, their opponents are not pushovers. I think both of them will have a hard time advancing to the finals.”

Princess Sidonie once again nodded her head in agreement. All of the fighters that had reached this stage were the strongest fighters in the young generation that hailed from all over the continent.  

Any one of them could become the victor in the tournament, but she didn’t wish for Kenneth, or Prince Jason to be the last man standing. Both of them had the intention to break her engagement with William.

Naturally, Princess Sidonie wouldn’t budge even if the Emperor of the Kraetor Empire really fulfilled their wish. She would rather return to the Southern Continent than break up with the Half-Elf that she had chosen as her future husband.

Thirty-One players arrived in their designated arenas. Since it was an odd number, they were asked to draw ballots because one of them would get a free pass and directly proceed to the next stage of the tournament.

Kenneth took out a golden ball from the ballot box, which made Princess Sidonie and Morgana clench their fist in frustration.

As if feeling their stare, Kenneth looked in their direction and waved the golden ball at them with a smile on his face.  

< What a hateful bastard! Why is he this lucky?! Did he cheat? >

‘No.’ Princess Sidonie firmly shook her head. ‘The ballot boxes have special runes embedded in them that prevent anyone from cheating. There’s no way that he can bypass this rule.’

Morgana clicked her tongue in annoyance and stared daggers at the Elf whom she had marked as her mortal enemy.

After all the players had received their ballots, the matches began.

Less than an hour later, Seventeen contestants remained.  

Prince Maximilian – Kraetor Empire

Prince Jason – Kraetor Empire

Kenneth Xin Ashleigh – Silvermoon Continent

Pearl McLean – Silvermoon Continent

Zach Knowles – Silvermoon Continent

Xanhast Valatieri – Demonic Continent

Alinska Lafitte – Demonic Continent

Eleazar Blackthorn – Demonic Continent

Ephemera Fortuna – Gunnar Federation (Edelweiss)

Luther Luna – Gunnar Federation (Quince)

Frederick Maslin – Zaleska Empire (Beastkin)

Jared Toussaint – Zaleska Empire (Beastkin)

Lilith Lynn – Ares Empire (Amazon)

Tasha Hayes – Ares Empire (Amazon)

Ged Walker – Tenser Empire

Allanon Mosley – Rincewind Empire

Silvanus Rahl – Halle Empire (Dwarf)

——-

After the final match ended, Emperor Leonidas stood up and congratulated the contestants.

“It has been a while since I’ve seen how outstanding the young generation is,” Emperor Leonidas said. His voice spread across the entire arena using a magical artifact. “The final phase of the tournament is upon us, and I wish all of you the best of luck. I look forward to your future battles!”

The audience cheered in unison because they, too, had been impressed on how amazing the final contestants were. The next battles would be held after a day, but before that, each of the contestants were once again asked to draw ballots so that they would be placed in one of the four team brackets, from which only one would emerge victorious.

The Elite Four would then fight in the semifinals. Even if they lost the match, they would still receive amazing rewards from the sponsors of the event.

After picking their numbers, a giant projection appeared at the center of the arena, showing the names of the contestants, and their respective divisions.

—–

Bracket A

— Prince Maximilian

— Prince Jason

— Pearl McLean

— Alinska Lafitte

Bracket B

— Kenneth Xin Ashleigh  

— Jared Toussant

— Tasha Hayes

— Xanhast Valatieri

— Eleazar Blackthorn (Seed Player)

Bracket C

— Ephemera Fortuna

— Zach Knowles

— Frederick Maslin

— Silvanus Rahl

Bracket D

— Lilith Lynn

— Allanon Mosley

— Ged Walker  

— Luther Luna

——

The Kraetorians groaned when they saw that their two princes were in the same Division. It meant that only one of them would be able to advance to the next round, to fight in the Semifinals.

The members of the Kraetor Royal Family also felt the same when they saw the final placement of the contestants in the last elimination round.  

Majority of the audience was quite surprised because among those who had joined the tournament, the Elven Race had only sent four representatives. Three out of four managed to survive the competition, which proved that the Silvermoon Continent was still a force to reckon with.

The leader of the Elves, Zach Knowles was quite disappointed. He had heard the story of the Half-Elf that had fought in the war of the Southern Continent and wished to fight him in battle.  

Although William’s name brought fear to the Anti-Human Faction, those who idolized the Human Hero, Maxwell, thought highly of him. It could even be said that Zach’s reason for traveling to the Kraetor Empire was to meet the Legendary Shepherd.

He wanted to meet his idol, who stood against the Guardians of the Silvermoon Continent, and ask if he could become his Sworn Brother for life.

Lilith Lynn, the Amazon Princess, scanned the other contestants with a greedy look. She had come with the Amazon Empress to the Kraetor Empire to find powerful men that they could bring back to their Empire.

The Amazons were a race composed purely of women. Due to the blessing of their Goddess, they could only give birth to girls. Because of this, they were on the constant lookout for strong men, whom they would invite respectfully, or by force, to become their partners to give birth to strong individuals who would raise the prestige of their empire.

For them, the Tournament of Champions was the perfect place to find strong men. They didn’t care what race they were. They could be humans, elves, demons, dwarves, beastkin, or any other races.  

In the end, their offspring would always be human girls, so they weren’t too picky with the race. All they cared about was strength. The stronger the men, the more they wanted him to become their stud.

The Amazon Empress looked down from her VIP seat with a smile. She had already chosen a few individuals among the finalists. Even if they lost, she would still give them an invitation to return to the Amazon Empire with them.  

‘Kenneth Xin Ashleigh,’ Empress Andraste, the Sovereign of the Amazons mused. ‘He will definitely be one of the Seeds that I will bring back to Ares after this tournament is over.’

Empress Andraste had noticed the irregularity of Kenneth and thought of him as someone who carried a very rare bloodline. The Amazons had the unique ability to be able to awaken the unique powers of their Father’s bloodline.

Because of this, they prized those who came from Influential Families that have unique abilities exclusive to their bloodline.

For the Empress, Kenneth was like an apple that she wanted to take a bite of no matter what.  

‘Patience,’ Empress Andraste thought. ‘At most the tournament will be finished in two weeks. I need to make the necessary preparations beforehand to ensure that the Seeds we take back will not be able to escape our grasp. Too bad, that William boy is not here. I heard great things about him.’

Empress Andraste sighed. Due to her vast information network, she had already known William’s name and the achievements that he had made back in the Southern Continent. If she were to choose between William and Kenneth, she would definitely choose the red-headed teenager as the ideal choice.

The Amazon Empress leaned back on the couch, as her gaze landed on her daughter, Lilith. Empress Andraste had no doubt in her mind that her daughter would become the champion of the tournament.

Her only concern was whether her darling daughter would become too greedy, and create a ruckus before the Semifinal Matches began.

As Lilith, who was standing in the arena, continued to scan the faces of the finalists, she was like a connoisseur that was looking for the perfect dish to eat. A frown appeared on her face when her gaze landed on Kenneth.

Kenneth had long noticed Lilith’s uniqueness. He sighed in relief that the Amazon Warrior wasn’t in the bracket where he belonged. The silver-haired teenager had his guard up, just in case the young lady staring at him tried to do something funny.

Lilith snorted, and ignored Kenneth. Although he was quite good looking, she was not a fan of delicate looking boys. For her, the ideal man should be imposing and carry himself with arrogance.  

She was a girl that preferred badboys over gentlemen.

After taking a good look at the people around her, Lilith grinned because there were a few individuals that caught her interest. She knew that after beating them up into submission, they would gladly follow her to the Amazon Empire, where they would become her toy, until she found someone better.  







Chapter 599

A hysterical laughter rang out across the 25th Floor of Babylon.  

Several Myriad Beasts were obliterated as a powerful laser beam bathed them in a golden light.  

William sneered from inside the cockpit of a Giant Robot as he faced off against hundreds of Myriad Beasts that were out to destroy him.

It had been a long time since he had this much fun, and he planned to enjoy himself to the fullest

—-

Several hours earlier…

After several hardships, William and Chiffon had arrived at the Floor of Creation. Upon arrival, the Half-Elf saved a pretty girl who was being chased by men wearing some kind of imperial uniform.

After beating the crap out of them, a Young Master of the ruling family, who governed the 25th Floor arrived at the scene. The newcomer immediately reprimanded William for getting in his way.  

“You must be new here,” Xanhast Colton said while glaring at William. “Release my little sister before I ask the Enforcers to capture you and imprison you for life! How dare you take her hostage?!”

“Little sister?” William blinked as he looked down on the young lady that was latched on him like a leech.

The pretty girl with dark-brown hair smiled sweetly and looked at William as if she had found her Prince Charming.

“My hero,” Marissa Colton, Xanhast’s little sister, rested her head on William’s chest which made Xanhast clench his fist in anger.

“You, bastard, let go of my sister now!” Xanhast roared.  

William tried to detach the pretty leech that was clinging to him because he didn’t want to add another ruling family to the list of those who were after his life.

The clash against the Agnis Family was troublesome enough, so if possible, he would like to avoid this kind of situation as much as possible.

No matter how William tried, Marissa refused to let go. The Half-Elf didn’t dare exert force because he was afraid that he would hurt the girl, leading to a confrontation between him and the Colton Family.

“Are you deaf? I said to unhand my little sister!”

“Calm your tits, bro. Can’t you see that it is your sister that doesn’t want to let go?”

Chiffon who was watching from the side frowned.

Marissa was clinging to William and it was making her feel irritated. Due to her sensitive nose, she could tell that the daughter of the Colton Family was using perfume. The fragrance had already attached itself to William’s clothes, as if marking him as her man.

Of course, this was something that Chiffon had assumed. In reality, Marissa was unaware of what was happening.  

‘Big Brother is mine,’ Chiffon thought. ‘Mine.’

The pink-haired girl stepped forward and forcefully pried the pretty girl, who had started to sniff the Half-Elf’s clothes, off of William.  

“H-Hey! Don’t be too rough,” Marissa cried out when Chiffon used her strength to pull her away from her Prince Charming.  

Chiffon didn’t care about the girl’s nonsense and immediately pushed the thieving cat towards Xanhast, who hurriedly caught her in a firm embrace.

After dealing with the pest, Chiffon clung to William and buried her head on his chest. She then opened her mouth and devoured the fragrance that lingered on his clothes. The pink-haired girl would not allow a random girl to mark her Big Brother under her watchful eye.

William scratched his head because he didn’t know what to do in his current situation. In the end, he decided to hold Chiffon in a princess carry and left the scene as fast as he could.

Little did he know that his episode with the Brother and Sister pair wouldn’t end then and there.

—–

Marissa, who had been tossed aside by William, was in a very foul mood. She couldn’t believe that someone would dare to reject her advances on the Floor that was ruled by her family.  

Because of this, she went to the Trial Grounds, bringing along her maidservants, as well as her overprotective Big Brother, Xanhast.

“Marissa, what are we doing here?” Xanhast asked. “Don’t tell me you plan to make trouble for those two players?”

Marissa turned her head and glared at her Big Brother. She had been spoiled by her family ever since she was a little child. Because of this, she had developed a habit of always getting what she wanted, even if she had to brute force her way to do it.

She knew that no matter what she did, her parents, and her brother, would clean up her mess for her.

“What of it?” Marissa pouted. “Big Brother, that little girl bullied me. My hand still hurts because of her.”

Marissa showed her reddened hand to Xanhast, which made the latter’s gaze soften.

“It was your fault for clinging to that stranger,” Xanhast replied. “Did you forget Grandma’s warning? There is a chance that you might get pregnant if you hold hands with a boy.”

The corner of Marissa’s lips twitched when she heard her brother’s reply.

“Big Brother, I am no longer a child that you can trick with such nonsense.” Marissa huffed. “If you don’t want to help me then get out of my way!”

Marissa angrily walked away. She knew that William and Chiffon had just arrived in the Floor of Creation. Because of this, she decided to head straight towards the Trial Grounds, where the tests would be taken in order to proceed to the next floor.

The Floor of Creation was a unique floor. On this floor, people would fight against each other. However, instead of a simple fight, each person was allowed to “Create” anything that they wanted.

Of course, there is a limitation to this law.  

They could only summon things that they knew by heart. Marissa may not be a fighter, but she was a scholar. She had read many ancient books, and learned a lot from them. Because of this, she was hailed as the greatest obstacle that the players had to face in order to proceed to the next floor.

Whenever Marissa was in the Trial Ground, the players–who knew about her notoriety–would cancel their appointment and wait until she left the premises, before challenging the examiner that was assigned to the trial.

The moment Marissa arrived at the Trial Ground, she immediately saw William and Chiffon in the crowd.

A sneer appeared on her pretty face as she marched towards the examiner who was about to start the examination.

“I will take over from here,” Marissa declared. “You may stand down.”

“Y-Young Lady! What are you doing here?” the examiner stuttered.  

“Are you deaf? I said I will take over here. Stand down!”

“U-Understood! I apologize for my mistake.”

Marissa snorted and stepped on the podium. She then focused her attention on Chiffon who was looking back at her with a frown.

‘You b*tch, I will teach you not to mess around with me.’ Marissa cursed Chiffon in her heart.  

After looking at the annoying pink bug, Marissa shifted his attention to the other players who were about to take the trial.  

The moment their eyes met, the players hurriedly left the place in fear of facing Marissa’s wrath. Only William and Chiffon remained because they didn’t know how difficult it was to pass the test when Marissa took on the role as examiner.

“I will now explain the details of this trial,” Marissa said with a smile as she looked at William. “As you may already know, this Floor is called the Floor of Creation. Inside this domain, everyone is able to create something out of thin air, and use it to aid them in battle.

“In order to pass, you must defeat me and my Big Brother in combat. Don’t worry, we will take it easy on you.”

Marissa laughed internally. Even though she said that she would take it easy, she had no intention of giving William and the hateful pink bug any handicap. She would use her full power to defeat William, with the intention of showing him how powerful she was.

With a wave of her hand, Marissa activated the privilege granted to her family by the Guardian of the Floor.  

William and Chiffon found themselves in a wasteland. The environment was quite desolate and dark clouds blocked the sky.  

Marissa and Xanhast stood two hundred meters away from their opponents. The older brother pitied William and Chiffon because they had no idea what they were about to face. Even if he didn’t assist her little sister, the two players wouldn’t be able to beat her even if all the players earlier assisted them in battle.

“Allow me to demonstrate how this floor works,” Marissa said with a smirk.  

A few seconds later, dozens of giant beasts appeared behind her.  

The corner of William’s lips twitched when he saw this. The System had informed him that all of the Beasts that Marissa had created were all Myriad Beasts.

“Now that you have seen how this trial works, I’ll give you a minute to create something that you can use to win against me,” Marissa stated. She was overflowing with confidence because she had stood in this battleground countless times before.

The pretty girl was even looking forward to what William could do in this hopeless situation.

“Let me confirm something, I can create anything right?” William asked.

“Yes.” Marissa nodded. “However, it must be something that you are knowledgeable about. You can’t create something that doesn’t exist.”

“Okay.” William grinned.

He had bought the information of each floor from the Merchant Guild and had a vague understanding about the Power of Creation that the 25th Floor specialized in.

In fact, he was even looking forward to going to this floor because there was something that he had missed in his previous lifetime. Growing up, William had dreamed of riding a Giant Robot.  

The Half-Elf closed his eyes and let his imagination run wild.  

The air trembled, and a Giant Robot that looked like a Gandamn appeared behind him. William held Chiffon’s hand as a beam of light shot down towards them.

Immediately, the Half-Elf found himself inside a cockpit holding a PayStation Controller in his hands.  

The cockpit was a two seater and Chiffon sat snugly behind him. William’s eyes glowed with excitement as he pressed the button of his controller. The Gandamn started to move, which made the Half-Elf incredibly excited.

“Okay, let’s do this,” William grinned like a little boy who had found his favorite toy. “William Von Ainsworth, Launching!”

The Giant Robot’s rocket boosters that were located on its back roared to life. It then charged forward like a rocket that was about to go to space.  

Marissa and Xanhast looked at the unknown metallic creature in front of them. This was the first time they had seen such a thing, but for some reason, they felt that they would have to take this fight seriously if they wanted to win against William.  







Chapter 600

Chiffon couldn’t understand what was going on.  

One minute she was standing beside her Big Brother, the next second she was seated on a chair with a belt that held her in place.

William’s chuckle reached her ears as the Gandamn charged fearlessly towards the dozens of Myriad Beasts that he was supposed to fight.

A monster that looked similar to Godzilla roared at the Giant Robot and released a firebreath.

William sneered as he moved the joysticks in his controller, and evaded the monster’s attack with ease.

‘System, tell me all the weapons that we have right now and how to use them,’ William ordered.  

< Understood. >

Right now, William was just testing the speed of the Gandamn as he maneuvered in the terrain. Several magical attacks flew in his direction, but he easily dodged all of them. Seeing that their attacks weren’t working, the Myriad Beasts decided to engage William in close combat.

It was also at that moment when the System finished analyzing the Giant Robot that William was currently controlling.  

< Finished Analyzing Gandamn’s Weaponry >

< Beam Sabers >

< Plasma Beam Cannons >

< Railguns >

< Beam Rifle >

< Vulkhans >

< Chest Gatling Guns >

< Homing Missiles >

< Would the host like to synchronize with the Gandamn for maximum performance? >

< Yes / No >

William didn’t think twice and agreed with the synchronization. Right after the System successfully established the connection between William and the Gandamn, the red-headed teenager felt like the entire Giant Robot had become his body.

He knew exactly well its capabilities, and the proper usage and range of its weapons. After that brief relay of information in his brain, the smile on William’s face widened.

“I’ve always wanted to try this once,” William thought as a seed seemed to sprout in his consciousness. It was some kind of awakening that it was hard to describe.

Immediately, his concentration drastically increased and his senses encompassed the entire battlefield.

The System had automatically “Locked On”  the Myriad Beasts that were approaching him and just waiting for William’s order.

“Beam Rifle and Railguns, open fire!” William shouted as he pressed the buttons on his controller.  

Several laser beams erupted from the Gandamn. The Myriad Beasts had no time to avoid and their heads exploded like watermelons.

“I’m not done yet!” William took out the Gandamn’s Beam Sabers and attacked the remaining Myriad Beasts in close combat.  

With a slash, he cut off the head of a Black-Scaled Sabertooth Tiger that was five meters tall. The Sabertooth Tiger was fast, but it was not as fast as William’s Giant Robot which had rocket boosters attached on its back.

Seeing that her Monster Army was decreasing at an alarming pace, Marissa hurriedly summoned more. She couldn’t believe what was happening. In the past, a single Myriad Beast was enough to scare away the players who were unlucky enough to have her as their examiner.

Now, she summoned over thirty Myriad Beasts in order to trample William’s and Chiffon’s chances of clearing the trial. However, the scene that was playing in front of her eyes was a far cry to what she had envisioned in her mind.

“T-This is not happening,” Marissa stuttered. “What is that thing?!”

Xanhast was also in awe of what he was witnessing first hand. This was the first time he was seeing such a thing and it broke his common sense.  

However, as the direct descendants of the Colton Family, they couldn’t afford to back down. Their battle was being displayed outside of the Trial Grounds, and everyone was able to see the battle in real time.

The Players that had left earlier couldn’t stop their mouths from opening wide. Some of them were even paying extra close to William’s Gandamn, in the hope that they would be able to create it as well in order to pass their trials.

“Sister, focus on summoning Land Beasts,” Xanhast ordered. “I will summon Aerial Beasts.”

Marissa wasn’t someone that liked being ordered, but right now, she was not in the right state to argue with her brother. She just nodded her head and summoned all the Millennial, and Myriad Beasts that their family had recorded for the past thousands of years.  

Soon, over a thousand Beasts appeared on the battlefield. Half of them were flying in the air, and the others were on the ground trying to get as close as possible to the fast moving robot.

Oogwei, Xod, and Yves, who were watching William’s and Chiffon’s journey, couldn’t believe what they were seeing. The cucumber that the little turtle had already bitten fell out of its mouth due to how shocked it was.

The other Guardians were also looking at the Gandamn with fascination. They hadn’t seen anything like it even in their own worlds. Because of this, they gave the battle in the Floor of Creation their undivided attention.

If other people were to see the powerful beasts in front of them, they would probably faint. However, William just roared in laughter.

“Good! More target practice!” William pressed the triangle button on his controller and the homing missiles on the Gandamn’s back, and feet flew towards their target.  

Millennial Beasts?

Myriad Beasts?

So what?

How could they possibly win against high-tier weapons that could even destroy space colonies?

The Gandamn held the two beam rifles in his hand and merged them together, creating the Buster Cannon, which was as strong as a battleship main cannon. The two plasma beam cannons protruding behind the Giant Robot’s back also activated and aimed at the monsters in front of it.  

“Buster Cannons, Fire!” William roared and three powerful beams of light shot out from the tips of the weapons in his arsenal.  

The monsters that the beams hit disintegrated, as well as those that were behind their back. William moved the cannons sideways, and the laser beams decimated everything it hit in a straight line.

Its firepower was truly unbelievable. Perhaps, if William had the Gandamn during the war in the Southern Continent, the Elves wouldn’t have stood a chance, even if they had their Guardians with them.

Perhaps, the Immortal Phoenix, Sepheron, would be the only one to survive such destructive power and that was only a possibility.  

Marissa and Xanhast had to cover their eyes due to the intensity of the light that almost blinded them.

When the light receded, only ruins remained. All the monsters had vanished leaving only the brother and sister standing in place.

Marissa and Xanhast watched as the Giant Robot landed a few meters away from them. The cockpit on its chest opened up, revealing William with a big smile on his face.

“Please, summon more!” William pleaded. “I still haven’t played enough.”

Marissa’s eyes rolled up into their sockets when she heard William’s requests. Creating beasts was no easy feat because it required strong mental power. After summoning hundreds of them, the pretty girl had reached her limit, and William’s carefree words gave the finishing blow.

Xanhast hurriedly caught his little sister and sighed internally. He then looked up at the Half-Elf that was smiling down on them.  

The eldest son of the current Patriarch of the Colton Clan hadn’t seen the Devil Race yet. However, after looking at William’s delighted expression, he believed that if the rumored Devil Race existed, they would definitely look like the Half-Elf, whose devilish smile made the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end.  







Chapter 601

William’s and Chiffon’s trial had ended, but the Half-Elf refused to leave the trial grounds.  

He and the System were busy thinking of ways that they could smuggle the Gandamn off of the Floor of Creation.  

After having a taste of piloting the Giant Robot, William was very reluctant to let it go. He was adamant about finding a way to smuggle, or recreate, the Giant Robot, so that he could use it in the outside world.

The System was currently busy analyzing the Law of Creation that managed the 25th Floor. Although the Gandamn was a fictional thing, William believed that there was a possibility that it could be replicated if one knew how the Laws of Creation worked.

Xanhast had already left the trial grounds along with his unconscious sister, Marissa. He had given up trying to convince William to leave and allow the other players to use the trial grounds.

As a compromise, William took the Giant Robot at the very corner of the vast plains, in order to not get in the way of the trial of others.  

Frankly, all the players didn’t mind this setup because they were still busy analyzing William’s robot from afar. They had seen how amazing it was, and even the Patriarch, and Elders of the Colton Family were very interested in it.

< Host, it is impossible to recreate the Laws of Creation. I checked the database to see if it could be done, but the ability to materialize things out of thin air is only exclusive to this Floor. >

‘Can we manufacture it then?’

< No. >

William was unwilling to give up. He asked the system to check the God Shop if there was any item that they could use to smuggle the robot off of the 25th floor.

After half an hour of searching, the two still couldn’t find a way to make William’s wish come true.

Just as the two were about to give up, the three divinities in William’s consciousness began to glow. A minute later, a small, yet perfect replica of the Gandamn appeared on top of the CPU Core.

The System’s monotonous voice became sharper, and had more life in it. After the changes had been made the Giant Robot faded away, leaving William, and Chiffon, standing right next to each other.

‘System, what happened?’ William asked. For some reason, a sense of anticipation was bubbling inside his chest.

< The CPU Core has been upgraded to a higher grade. >

< Importing all preferences from home interface. >

The system replied in a tone that reminded William of Aeon Man’s artificial intelligence, Jarveez.  

< Would you like to bestow a name to the System? >

< Yes / No >

William’s eyes widened in shock when he saw the message on his status page.  

‘System, do you want me to give you a name?’

< Affirmative, Host. Please, give me a name. >

The Half-Elf rubbed his chin as he pondered. The system had been with him since he was young, and it had helped him tremendously in his journey. He had to give it a good name no matter what!

“How about I give you the name The Strongest System?”

< … Host, please take this seriously. Your naming skills suck btw. >

William chuckled because not only did the System’s voice changed, its interactions had become more lifelike as well. He liked how snarky it had become.  

‘How about Eren?’

< No. >

‘Lelouch?’

< No. >

‘Saitama?’

< No. >

‘Gon.’

< Rejected. >

‘Gok–‘

< No. >

‘Pikac-‘

< Host, do you want me to electrocute you? >

William scratched his head. Giving names had not always been easy for him, so he was at a loss on what to do. Suddenly, he remembered Truck-Kun that had hit him during the time when he was about to cross to the silver portal that he had chosen.

Because of this incident, William was born in a world that was not his choosing. Even so, the world he was currently living in had given him a wonderful family, friends, and lovers who truly cared about him.

A smile appeared on William’s face as he looked at the head of the Gandamn Replica that was talking back to him.  

‘Optimus,’ William said. ‘From now on, your name will be Optimus.’

< Optimus…, very well. From now on, you may call me Optimus. >

< System has been bestowed a name. >

< New features added. >

< System’s Completion Rate: 3% >

— All stats increase by 50 points

— Every time the completion rate reaches a 20% completion marker, all stats will increase by 50 points.  

— Once the Completion Rate reaches 100% the system will be able to unlock its true abilities.

— Once the Completion Rate reaches 100% all stats will increase by 1000 points.  

— Once the Completion Rate reaches 100% the title “Strongest System” will be unlocked.

——

The additional features caught William completely by surprise. He didn’t expect that his insistence to smuggle the Gandamn would bring out unexpected results.  

‘Optimus, how do I increase your completion rate?’ William inquired. He was very keen to raise Optimus’ competition rate as soon as he could. The rewards were quite enticing, and he definitely wouldn’t pass up the opportunity to complete it as soon as possible.

< I will grow as the host grows stronger. Whenever the host makes a breakthrough, or passes a certain milestone, the completion rate will also increase. >

‘I see.’ William crossed his arms over his chest.  

Chiffon, who was standing beside William was looking at him in confusion. Her Big Brother had been muttering something every now and then as if he was talking to someone. Also, he would nod his head from time to time as if agreeing to something.  

Fortunately, before Chiffon could ask if William was fine, the Half-Elf turned his head to look at her.  

“Are you ready to go to the next floor?” William asked with a smile.

“Un!” Chiffon nodded.  

As soon as the two held hands, both of them transformed into beams of light that shot towards the sky. A new adventure was about to begin, but they were still several floors away from their goal.

William didn’t know how long it would take until they reached the 51st Floor, but he was sure of one thing. Whatever trial was waiting for them there, its difficulty couldn’t compare to the previous floors that they had visited.

After all, no one had cleared it for the past thousand years. Although it didn’t show on his face, William was feeling anxious. The trials they had undertaken seemed simple, but in reality they were not.

Take the Floor of Partings for example.

If William didn’t have the Undying Lands, or the Dungeon of Atlantis, there wouldn’t be a way for him to use the loophole that the Laws of the floor held. Chiffon would have been stuck on the 10th Floor and would have to wait for William to pick her up on her way back from the tower.

The same could be said for the Floor of Creation. Fighting hundreds of Myriad Beasts? This was a near impossible feat. William just so happened to know about a Giant Robot which had the capabilities to turn anything beyond the rank of Demigod into ashes.  

If not for that, they would be stuck on the 25th Floor due to Marissa’s grudge.  

Even so, William and Chiffon had no choice but to continue. Their goal was to clear the 51st Floor, and there was nothing he could do about it. Whatever dangers lurked on that floor that had blocked Humanity’s advance, he would have to face it head-on, or risk staying on that floor…  

Forever.







Chapter 602

Cheers resounded in the arena as two fighters stood with their weapons drawn.  

Prince Jason faced Alinska Lafitte from the Demonic Continent.  

The two fighters appraised each other with a critical eye. Anyone that had survived the harsh competition wasn’t someone ordinary, and although Prince Jason was arrogant, he knew that he couldn’t underestimate the lady that was in front of him.

“Battle Start!” The referee declared as he stepped outside the arena.

Prince Jason raised his sword and Alinska summoned her spear. A second later, both fighters lunged at each other.

Having a longer reach, Alinska unleashed a consecutive barrage of spear thrusts, which forced Prince Jason to take defensive actions.  

The attack didn’t last long because Alinska noticed something wasn’t right. She jumped away from where she stood, just in time to evade a metallic spike that jutted out of the ground.  

Prince Jason didn’t miss this opportunity and closed the gap between them. He specialized in Metal Magic, just like Wendy, but his technique was more refined than William’s lover. In order to prevent Alinska from regaining her stance, several metallic spears materialized in the air and flew in her direction.

The demonic lady sneered as she twirled her spear, creating a purple barrier. The metallic spears pelted it to no avail, but that was only a distraction that Prince Jason created. As soon as he came within strike range, the Prince activated his artifact and slashed the barrier.

At first, many thought that it was a futile attempt, but as soon as the sword touched the barrier, it went through as if the barrier didn’t exist.

Alinska didn’t expect the turn of events, and hurriedly tried to block the attack, but it was already too late.  

With a shout, Prince Jason cut off the Demonic Lady’s arm as the latter bit her lip to prevent herself from screaming out loud. She had forced herself to lean to the side and sacrificed her left arm, in order to survive the killing blow that was meant to slice her body in half.

Prince Jason was about to do a follow up attack, but something unexpected happened. The arm that he had just cut off pierced his right shoulder, which broke his momentum.  

Alinska screeched and thrust her spear forward, with the intention to stab Prince Jason’s chest, destroying his heart in the process.

Princess Vanessa who was watching from the Royal Seats, covered her eyes as a whimper escaped her lips. She didn’t dare to look at her beloved’s unexpected demise at the hand of the Demonic Lady whom she thought was as good as dead.

No one expected Alinska’s counter-attack to be so fierce.

Blood sprayed in the air as the weapon hit its target. A scream filled with pain and disbelief resounded in the arena.

Alinska’s spear had grazed Prince Jason’s waist, and the Prince’s sword was firmly planted on her chest.

“H-How?” Alinska asked as blood spilled at the corner of her lips.

Prince Jason twisted his sword, completely crushing the Demon’s heart. Until her last breath, Alinska didn’t hear the Prince’s reply.  

Prince Jason knelt on the ground as he pressed his hand over the wound on his waist. The Demonic Lady’s spear was coated in a powerful poison that even a scratch was enough to kill a person in minutes.

Prince Jason forcefully slowed down his blood flow, and tried to slow down the poison from invading his body.

The referee hurriedly declared the end of the match, and several Clerics standing at the side ran towards the arena.  

The Head Cleric ran a diagnostic scan on the Prince’s body and hissed at his discovery.  

“Venom from the Two Horned World Cobra,” the Head Cleric immediately administered a powerful cure spell, but he knew that it would only help slow down the poison.  

The Two Horned World Cobra was one of the Myriad Beasts that lorded over one of the territories in the Demonic Continent. Its poison was very potent, and the only way to cure it completely was to use the Divinity of the Gods.

“Quick, take him to Aamon’s Temple!” the Head Cleric ordered.  

The Cleric knew that this was a fruitless task. There was no way that Prince Jason would be able to resist the poison until they arrived at the Temple, but there was nothing he could do. He could only pray that the Emperor wouldn’t punish him for his inability to save the Prince’s life.

As the Clerics were about to carry their Prince, a cold and commanding voice stopped them in their tracks.

“There’s no need to go to the Temple,” a beautiful woman with purple hair appeared a few meters away from where they stood. “I will take over from here.”

“L-Lady Alina,” the Head Cleric stuttered. He didn’t expect that the Oracle of Aamon’s Temple would be present in the tournament.

Alina ignored the Head Cleric and pressed her hand over Prince Jason’s chest. She then closed her eyes and muttered a short prayer for the God that watched over the Kraetor Empire.

“Great Aamon, Our Lord and Guardian, hear my prayer in my troubled hour,” Alina prayed reverently. “Renew my strength so I might show the world your greatness. Sustain our Prince with your power, so he may overcome this obstacle.  

“I seek this of you, Our Lord and Savior. Absolve our Prince with your infinite mercy!”

A bluish light descended from the heavens and covered Prince Jason’s body. When the light receded, Prince Jason’s injuries were completely healed. Although his face was still a bit pale, his life was no longer in danger.

The Head Cleric thanked the Oracle as he ordered his subordinates to carry the Prince out of the arena.  

‘Too bad,’ The Demon General, Zagarl Rannath, thought.  

The handsome Demon General with gray hair, and two protruding horns on his head leaned on his chair in disappointment.  

He was Carter’s superior and the one responsible for the plan to abduct the talented young men and women of the Hellan Royal Academy. Unfortunately, his plan failed and two of his trusted subordinates had died in the aftermath.

The Demon General was hoping that the Prince would also die along with their disposable pawn. That way, there would be less competitors, and it would also deal a devastating blow to the Kraetor Royal Family.

Although some of the Emperors, and Kings had gathered in the Kraetor Empire for the competition, that didn’t mean that their rivalries had ended.  

It was not only Zagarl who felt the same. Several of the Kraetor Empire’s rivals, and enemies were disappointed that the Oracle of Aamon was present in the competition. If she wasn’t then one of the Princes’ would have died, giving them a reason to celebrate.

Some of them glanced at Emperor Leonidas who was seated far from them in the VIP Box that was reserved for the rulers of the Central Continent.

The Emperor had a calm expression on his face. No one could tell what he was thinking, or what he felt at that time.  

As if understanding their intentions, Emperor Leonidas smirked as he looked down on the arena.

“Only weaklings and cowards scheme in the dark,” the Emperor said with confidence. “These kinds of people will not amount to anything. They will forever be mediocre.”

The Emperors, Kings, as well as the Patriarch’s of the other influential families were very tempted to spit on the Emperor of the Kraetor Empire. Among all of them, Emperor Leonidas was known as a schemer.

This was why he was given the title of the “Emperor that Stood Above the Clouds”.  

“Have you no shame, old man?” Empress Andraste wasn’t able to take the Kraetor Emperor’s words lying down. “You should just retire and wait until the day you kick the bucket. Acting high and mighty doesn’t suit your senile face.”

Emperor Leonidas chuckled and completely ignored Empress Andraste’s outburst. Among the Sovereigns seated near him, the Amazon Empress was one of the handful of people that could openly berate him like this.

After all, the two of them had gone adventuring together when they were still young. They even shared several romantic nights together. It was quite unfortunate that their unions had born no fruit.  

This was one of Emperor Leonidas’ regrets. The same could be said to the Empress Andraste, who still held some lingering attachment to the man who took all of her firsts. If only a child was born between them then their relationship wouldn’t have become distant, as they parted ways to rule their own Empires.







Chapter 603

“This is a surprise,” a beautiful elf with light-green hair said with a smile. “You don’t look disappointed.”

Prince Maximilian grinned as he summoned his Rapier. “Lady McLean, although we quarrel, and treat each other as rivals, the members of our family don’t find satisfaction in the death of our kin. I will appreciate it if you remember that.”

Pearl McLean nodded her head as she summoned her bow. “I will remember that.”

The earlier battle may have ended quickly, but the outcome of the match was something that the spectators didn’t expect. One died, and the other one would have also died, if not for the Oracle personally making an appearance.  

“Battle Start!” the referee declared.

Immediately, Pearl jumped backwards and her body floated in the air. The Elves were known for their strong magical power, and affinity to Wind and Earth Magic. Some of them specialized in Spirit Magic which allowed them to summon Spirits to aid them in battle.

Unlike all Elves, Pearl was a prodigy that specialized in Wind Magic. She was also Charmaine’s older sister.  

The reason why she joined the tournament was to find William and ask him to release her sister. Several of the survivors that had returned to the Silvermoon Continent had told her that her sister had been taken hostage, by the Half-Elf who was also the son of the Human Hero and the Saintess.

Pearl was out on a mission when the Elven Expedition sailed to the south. She only knew about the events that transpired there when she returned to the Silvermoon Continent.  

Because of this, she begged the Elven Council to allow her to be one of the Elven representatives that would go to the Kraetor Empire and participate in the Tournament of Champions.

The Council approved her request because Pearl was truly one of the most outstanding members of the young generation. However, she had been made to swear an oath to never antagonize William.

Clearly, the Elven Council didn’t want to have another confrontation with William after what happened to the Southern Continent.

Pearl released several wind arrows with deadly precision. Although she could only use Wind Magic, her proficiency with it was well beyond the ability of her peers.  

If there was a ranking among the young prodigies of the Elven Race, Pearl would be on the Top Five because of her uncanny fighting ability.  

Prince Maximilian’s face remained calm as he dodged the attacks that were coming at him from different directions. The Elven beauty didn’t stay in one location, and flew all over the arena, sending a rain of arrows that showed no mercy.

The Prince dodged, and deflected those that he couldn’t dodge. The fight had only been around two minutes when something unexpected happened.

“Okay, you are good,” Prince Maximilian said as he dodged an arrow that was aimed at his head. “I concede.”

Pearl, who was jumping around the arena, almost lost her balance when she landed on the ground. She was secretly preparing a full-powered attack that was capable of destroying half of the arena once it was unleashed.

However, before she could finish her plan, the Kraetor Prince had already surrendered, which left a complicated feeling in her heart.

“Are you sure you want to surrender?” the referee asked Prince Maximilian for confirmation.

The Prince nodded his head. “Yes. I concede this match. It is Lady McLean’s victory.”

Prince Maximilian gave the beautiful Elf a curt nod before leaving the arena.  

The citizens of the Kraetor Empire didn’t react to their Prince’s surrender, but the foreign guests were unable to understand why Prince Maximilian gave up on the match.  

A few minutes later, Prince Maximillian appeared in the VIP Box reserved for the Kraetor Royal Family.  

“It seems that you met someone very formidable, cousin,” Princess Vanessa said in a teasing tone.

Prince Maximilian chuckled as he sat beside the girl who had developed a crush on Prince Jason, ever since she was ten years old. Since marrying their relatives was a common practice among the Kraetor Royal Family, no one prevented Princess Vanessa from making advances on Prince Jason.

Unfortunately, the one she loved didn’t seem to be too interested in her. Although they could talk normally, and even spent some time alone with each other, the Fifth Prince of the Kraetor Empire never said, did, or implied, anything that added fuel to Princess Vanessa’s infatuation.

Even so, the Princess believed that as long as she endured and persevered, her feelings would reach her beloved, and he would, in turn, return the overflowing feelings she had for him.

“Yes, she is indeed very formidable,” Prince Maximilian replied. “If I stayed there for half a minute longer, I would have definitely died. That b*tch intended to take half of the arena with me.”

Prince Maximilian’s scholarly facade disappeared as he openly cursed Pearl within their VIP Box. This room had been engraved by powerful runes, so he wasn’t worried that everything he said would be heard by others.

For him, everyone in the room was family, except for Ian, who was seated beside Princess Sidonie. Even so, he believed that William’s retainer was someone that could keep his lips sealed when it came to the secrets of the Kraetor Family.

Prince Darren, the Second Prince, almost choked on the fruit juice he was drinking. Many thought that Prince Maximilian was a strong fighter, but the truth was, he was more of a scholar.  

The other Princes’ and Princesses’ were also alarmed by their cousin’s words, because they knew that the eldest among them wasn’t someone who liked making excuses.  

The Prince was trained to fight using a sword since he was young, which helped cement the citizens’ misunderstanding that he was a prodigy that excelled in sword fights.  

In reality, the First Prince’s sword skills were only average.

However, his true specialty lay in Fire Magic, but this was something that only the members of the Royal Family knew. Prince Maximilian rarely used this skill because it was his trump card. Those who had seen him use his magic had long been erased from the world.

He would not allow anyone to know the secret he was hiding, not only for his sake, but for the sake of the entire Royal Family since the Kraetor Family had a secret hidden in their bloodline.  

The reason why the people thought that Prince Maximilian specialized in sword fighting was due to the Prince’s inborn blessing, which was clairvoyance.  

Prince Maximilian could see the things that would happen in the future. This ability only triggered if his life would be in danger. This was why, among the Princes of the Kraetor Empire, he was the least likely to die in any given situation.

While fighting against Pearl, the Prince saw himself being blasted into pieces by a powerful spell with unknown origins. Since he had no intention of dying, the Prince ate his pride and surrendered.

He would rather live and fight another day, than die and not see another day.

It was a very easy decision to make, and Prince Maximilian chose the most suitable option that would guarantee his life.

With this, the battles within Bracket A had almost been settled.  

Emperor Leonidas knew of his grandson’s ability, so when the latter chose to surrender, he didn’t berate him. In the end, only one Prince would proceed to the next round, so it didn’t matter if Prince Maximilian won or not.

Although the last battle was a bit lackluster, there was nothing that anyone could do about it. The next set of matches would be held the next day, and it would be Bracket B’s turn to take the spotlight.

Princess Sidonie and Ian were also very interested to see the results of those battles. After all, the one whom they had their eyes on, Kenneth, would be in tomorrow’s battle.

The beautiful Princess and her other half hoped that the lucky streak of the Silver-haired pretty boy would end. He was a threat to their happiness, so she wished with everything she had that William’s Ex-Roommate would kick the bucket.

Ian knew what Princess Sidonie was thinking and smiled bitterly.  

If someone were to ask her if she liked or disliked Kenneth, the answer would be Yes. However, she also felt that the boy really didn’t have any malice, or hostility, towards William. It just so happened that he was so tight-lipped about the message he was carrying.

If only Kenneth had said the words that they wanted to hear, the two ladies might have been more than happy to allow him to personally pass his message to William, who was busy challenging the floors of the Tower of Babylon.







Chapter 604

After leaving the floor of creation, William and Chiffon appeared in a pure white world. There was nothing to see in this world, only the color white.

William frowned. According to the information he had, the next floor was called the Floor of Waterfalls. It was a floor that had over a thousand waterfalls, and the test would be finding the right waterfall where a treasure was hidden.  

However, the world they were in didn’t have anything. There was no sky, no scenery, nothing, but only pure white. It didn’t take long for him to realize that something was wrong. William pulled Chiffon close to him as he scanned his surroundings.

He didn’t want to get caught by unexpected surprises, especially surprises from the Guardians of the Tower of Babylon.

Chiffon clung to her Big Brother’s arms while scanning the surroundings. She distinctly felt that something was wrong, but she didn’t know what it was.

Two minutes passed in silence before the area above their heads opened up.  

Just like a box that had been opened, they saw a blue sky. The sides of the pure white world also collapsed revealing beings that surrounded the two teenagers from every direction.

They came in all shapes and sizes, and some of them looked very alien.  

As the two looked around, they recognized two familiar faces.  

Xod looked at William as if the Half-Elf had owned him a million gold coins. Oogwei, on the other hand, had a smile on its face. It even waved at William and Chiffon, and the pink-haired girl waved back in return.

As if the last piece of the puzzle fell in place, William finally realized who these beings surrounding them were.

‘They are the Guardians of Babylon,’ William thought.

“Correct.”

A being who looked like a Jellyfish floated in front of William. Its head was purple in color, while its tentacles had the colors of the rainbow.  

“Allow me to introduce myself,” the Jellyfish said in a calm and soothing voice. “My name is JellyBelle, and I am the Guardian of the 50th Floor of Babylon.”

William nodded his head in acknowledgement, “I am William and this girl beside me is Chiffon.”

“I know,” JellyBelle replied. “Oogwei had already told us a bit about both of you. Tell me, William, what is your reason for climbing this tower?”

The Guardians looked at William with a serious expression. What they were doing right now was against the rules of the Tower. However, after hearing Oogwei’s story, all of them convened and made a joint decision.  

What is that joint decision?

It was to have a serious talk with William and find out his real reason for climbing the Tower. JellyBelle had the power to read the mind and heart of anyone. No one could beat it when it came to interrogations.

All it needed to do was use one of its rainbow-colored tentacles to pry the answer directly from William’s mind. However, since what they were doing now was illegal, it decided to take the pacifist approach and just settled for a dialogue.

This was the first time that all the Guardians below the 50th Floor had brought a player to their domain, and perhaps, there would be no precedence after.  

“I came to the Tower with the intention to clear the 51st Floor,” William answered.

“And why do you want to clear it?” JellyBelle inquired. “You already know that none have been able to clear it for the past thousand years, and yet, you still want to clear it? Do you know how many have come to challenge that floor? These people are stronger than you.

“In our eyes, you are just an outstanding youth, but that’s it. Sure, you may be able to reach my Floor, but it is impossible for you to clear the 51st Floor.”

William smiled. He didn’t understand why the Guardian of the 50th Floor was telling him these things. In his perspective, the Guardians should remain neutral and not interfere with whatever the players wanted.

However, right now, they kidnapped him and Chiffon. What could this mean? It meant that things weren’t so simple. Although JellyBelle seemed to berate William, the tone it used didn’t have malice or any kind of hostility.  

“It doesn’t matter whether I can clear the 51st Floor or not,” William stated. “The fact still remains that my purpose for coming here is to go to the Floor of the Devils and conquer it.”

“Just where is your confidence coming from? Are you thinking of using your million-strong goblin army to pave the floor for you?” JellyBelle asked in an amused tone.

Several of the Guardians also chuckled. Truthfully, they too, didn’t know what was on the 51st Floor.

The 1st Floor up to the 50th Floor were called the Challenger Floors.  

The 51st up to the 100th Floor was called the Floors of the Elite.  

The Guardians of the Challengers and the Guardians of the Floors of the Elite were separated into different planes.

None of them could interact with each other.  

This was why the Guardians didn’t know what kind of Challenge was available on the 51st Floor, which had stopped humanity’s climb to the top of the Tower.  

Truth be told, the Guardians wanted to know what was on the other side. That way, they would know the reason as to why no one had succeeded in the past. Right now, no one dared to climb up to the 51st Floor.

Most of them only wanted to reach the 50th Floor, and the Guardians had already given up on Humanity.

However, William came. If he was only someone that wanted to climb the tower then that was fine. But, he was climbing the tower with the intention of reaching the 51st Floor and clearing it.

To the Guardians this was good news because they could finally use William as their eye, to see what was on the other side of the veil, that even their authority failed to breach. Even so, they must first know if the Half-Elf was really serious in climbing the tower, or if he was just spouting nonsense to make himself look good in their eyes.

“I don’t know the reason why you brought me here, and I don’t really care,” William said as he held Chiffon’s hand firmly. “Just like everyone in the tower, I am climbing it for my own reasons. I humbly ask all of you to allow us to proceed to the next floor. People’s lives depended on my mission.”

JellyBelle floated near William and extended its tentacle towards his forehead.  

“Don’t move,” JellyBelle ordered. “If you cooperate we will let you go unharmed, but if you resist, you will stay here in this place forever.”

Although the Guardian’s tone was still civil, the aura it radiated would not accept any opposition.  

JellyBelle pressed the tip of its tentacle on William’s forehead. It didn’t care whether the Half-Elf wanted to cooperate or not.  

The Guardian of the 50th Floor only wanted to know one thing. It wanted to know if William really had the ability to end the boredom that it felt for the past thousand years.







Chapter 605

As soon as the tentacle touched William’s forehead, JellyBelle saw a pitch-black world. It turned around and looked at its surroundings, but there was nothing that could be seen but darkness.

“It’s not good to invade other people’s privacy.”

A soft and teasing tone reached JellyBelle’s ears which made it quickly look behind it.

The darkness slowly lightened up revealing a throne that was as black as the world it resided in.  

Seated on the throne was an otherworldly beauty who was looking at JellyBelle with amusement.

The Guardian of the 50th Floor wasn’t able to stop its body from shuddering because it realized the identity of the being it was staring at. The beautiful lady that was seated on the throne was someone that it couldn’t afford to offend no matter what.

“Go back, Guardian,” the beautiful lady ordered. “You have overstepped your bounds. I don’t like bugs laying their hands on my property.”

“F-Forgive me,” JellyBelle stuttered as it hurriedly cut the connection.  

—-

The tentacle had only touched William’s forehead for a few seconds before JellyBelle pulled it out. The Jellyfish’s body shuddered uncontrollably as if it was hit by an electric shock. A moment later, JellyBelle crashed on the ground as if it had lost its ability to float in the air.

The Guardians became alarmed and JellyBelle’s close friends hurried to check its condition. After looking at it upclose they realized that the Jellyfish had lost consciousness.  

Oogwei walked towards the unconscious Jellyfish and tapped its head repeatedly with its foot, while chanting a spell. A minute passed, and the Jellyfish’s tentacle started to move. It had regained its consciousness, but its body would still shudder from time to time.

William glanced at the Guardian with a confused expression. Earlier, when the tentacle touched his forehead, he felt a shock run through his body. After that, JellyBelle hastily pulled back its tentacle and lost consciousness.

The Guardians at the scene frowned because they didn’t understand what was happening. They chose JellyBelle to be their envoy to communicate with William because they trusted its ability to get to the bottom of things.

They never thought that one of the strongest Guardians of Babylon would faint just by touching the red-headed teenager’s forehead!

“Y-You!” JellyBelle shakily pointed one of its tentacles in William’s direction. “You were sent here by a God?”

“Yes,” William replied. “I was sent here by a God to clear the 51st Floor of Babylon. I will greatly appreciate it if you allow me to proceed to the next floor unharmed.”

What William and JellyBelle didn’t know was they were referring to two different Gods. The Half-Elf was referring to Aamon, while JellyBelle was referring to the Primordial Goddess that it had seen a few minutes ago.

“So that is the case…,” JellyBelle’s body slowly floated in the air. “You are here under the orders of a God.”

The Guardians finally understood why JellyBelle had an intense reaction earlier. If what it said was true then the reason it had received a backlash was due to its attempt to pry against the workings of a God.

“So, what is everyone’s decision?” Oogwei asked.  

Xod, who had its hands crossed over his chest, answered in a casual manner.

“Since he is under the orders of a God then his intention to go to the 51st Floor and conquer it is genuine,” Xod replied. “I believe that the Gods had finally decided to resume the progress of humanity and send this Half-Elf to pave the path for the next Era.”

The Guardians nodded in agreement. They too think that this was the will of the Gods. Since that was the case, why was there a need to fight it? Their reason for bringing William in their domain was to give him a chance to directly jump to the 51st Floor in one go.

JellyBelle’s duty was to test whether William had the ability to clear the 51st Floor or not. Now that they knew that he was being guided by a God, they were more eager than ever to send him to the Floor of the Devil, which no one had cleared in the past.

JellyBelle, who had just recovered, remained silent. It appraised William from head to foot as if trying to find the reason why THAT Goddess was favoring him.

A few more minutes passed before a sigh escaped JellyBelle’s thoughts.  

“Fine. As the Guardian of the 50th Floor, I hereby grant you passage to the 51st Floor,” JellyBelle raised its tentacle and a ray of light covered William and Chiffon’s bodies.

“I have planted a part of my consciousness inside you,” JellyBelle commented. “All of us here want to see the 51st floor through your eyes. I wish you goodluck. Know that even though a Goddess is watching over you, that doesn’t guarantee any chances of success.”

‘Goddess?’ William thought. ‘Is it talking about Lily?’

William wanted to ask JellyBelle what the Goddess looked like, but before he could do that, the world around him had already changed its scenery.

The Half-Elf and the pink-haired girl found themselves standing on a raised platform. In the distance, a massive maze could be seen. The Maze reminded William of the labyrinth that protected the Minotaur Race from outsiders.

‘A maze would not be enough to prevent people from clearing this stage,’ William thought.  

Although mazes were hard to clear. It was not impossible. William didn’t believe that humanity failed to advance to the next floor because none of them were able to find the exit of the maze.  

While William was thinking of other possibilities as to why no one was able to conquer the floor, a series of notifications appeared in his Status Page which made his eyes widen in shock.

< Connection to the Thousand Beast Domain has been disconnected >

< Connection to the Dungeon of Atlantis has been disconnected >

< Connection to the Goblin Crypt has been disconnected. >

< Connection to the Undying Land has been disconnected >

< The Test of the Devil has started >







Chapter 606

After reading the series of notifications, William became alarmed.  

This was the first time that this had happened so he immediately consulted the System to ask what was happening.

‘Optimus, what happened?’ William inquired.  

Ever since the System had an upgrade, its functions had also improved as well.  

< Give me a moment, Will. I am currently analyzing the laws of this floor. >

The Half-Elf sighed internally as he gazed at the maze in the distance. Chiffon noticed the subtle changes in William’s expression because she had been observing him pretty closely ever since the two of them had started to spend time together.

With a glance, she could tell that something was wrong.

“Big Brother, what happened?” Chiffon asked.

William lightly squeezed her hand before replying.

“We can’t go to the Thousand Beast Domain to play for the time being,” William answered. “No matter what happens, stay close to me. We will enter the maze in just a few minutes.”

“Un!” Chiffon nodded her head.

She had complete trust in William’s judgement and simply gazed at the Maze in front of her. Dwarves had an uncanny ability of retracing their steps no matter where they were. It meant that regardless of where they went, they would not get lost in the place since they knew where they had traveled before.

Even if they couldn’t find the exit of the dungeon, retracing their steps wasn’t a problem. Because of this, Chiffon was confident that they could find the exit of the maze without fail, albeit it would take some time to do so.

For the time being, William decided to have lunch with Chiffon, while Optimus was busy analyzing the notorious floor that no one had conquered before.

An hour later, several system messages appeared in William’s Status Page.

< Will, according to my analysis, there is a certain law that prevents any kind of domain from overlapping with this floor. But, rest assured. Our connection with the Thousand Beast Domain, Dungeon of Atlantis, Goblin Crypt, and Undying Lands, are merely disconnected. It will be reconnected the moment we leave this floor. >

William nodded in understanding, ‘Thank you. What about the maze? Can you find the exit?’

< No. The mapping system also doesn’t work in this place. At most, you can only clear the places that you have travelled on the map. Be careful, Will. I have a bad feeling about this place. >

‘Thank you,’ William replied. ‘I will keep that in mind.’

Even without Optimus’ reminder, William had already decided to take this matter seriously. This was not the first time that his Domain had been blocked by a law of the Tower. The Floor of Parting also had similar laws that prevented others from hiding in a domain in order to proceed to the next floor.

If not for the fact that the Undying Lands was governed by its own set of rules, Chiffon might have been left behind when William ascended to the next floor.

After eating, William and Chiffon stepped inside the entrance of the maze. After walking for some time, they came across their first intersection.

“Let’s go right first,” William said.

“Un.” Chiffon nodded her head in agreement.

An hour passed as William and Chiffon entered the maze. Whenever there was an intersection, they would always choose the right path. William gave Chiffon a special marking pen, and the little girl would always write an arrow in the direction that they traveled.

Chiffon found this very interesting and took her job seriously. Meanwhile, William and Optimus were carefully mapping the area that they had traversed. They were looking for signs for any changes in the pattern of the maze.

So far, there were no changes. However, William noticed something strange. In the black area of the map, on the place where the map was not revealed, there were several red spots that blinked unceasingly.

Naturally, these red spots were hostile creatures. The Half-Elf had already anticipated that something like this would happen, but he wasn’t worried. The two continued to chart their course until twelve hours had passed.

William frowned when he looked at the map. After twelve hours of walking they had only covered a small area of the map. This just proved how big the maze was. It also made William realize that conquering the 51st Floor in a day was out of the question.

Earlier, he tried to break down the walls to no avail. The walls were protected by the Law of the Guardian, so destroying it was out of the question.  

Flying and any other forms of flight were also disabled. After turning into a corner, William saw a blinking red dot that they would come across at the next intersection. This battle was inevitable, and William was also curious on what kind of Monster was waiting for them at the other side.

“Chiffon, wear your gauntlets,” William said as he summoned Stormcaller.  

The pink-haired girl’s expression immediately became serious as she equipped the Devourer’s Gauntlets.  

Instead of waiting for them to make a right turn, the red blinking spot started moving.  

William immediately took a fighting stance, and Chiffon did the same. Their eyes focused on the right intersection where the monster was going to appear.

A few seconds later, a red, frog-like man with a freakishly big head, peeked at the corner of the intersection. Its blood-red eyes stared at William and Chiffon with undisguised hunger. It then gave them a creepy smile, showing a mouth without teeth.  

This was the first time that William saw this creature, so he immediately used his appraisal skill to get its information.  

—–

< Yara-ma-yha-who >

— Devouring Vampire

— Bloodsucker

— Threat Level: A (Mid)

— Cannot be added to the herd

– The Yara-ma-yha-who likes to hunt unsuspecting travelers when they least expect it. Although it is only a meter tall, and is very fast and agile. It sucks its victim’s blood through their fingertips, while its mouth could devour its prey even if they were ten times its size.

– Once it devours its victim, it will immediately take a nap. After it wakes up from its nap, it will regurgitate its victim and take a nap again.

– The Victim that had been regurgitated would be extremely weak from the loss of blood, and their skin would have a reddish tinge in them. It is advisable that those that had been regurgitated must do any means necessary to escape.

Once the Yara-ma-yha-who wakes up from its nap, it would once again hunt its victim and devour it again. Everytime the victim gets devoured and regurgitated by the The Yara-ma-yha-who, there will be changes in their body.

The victim would become smaller, and their skin redder. It was said that after the Yara-ma-yha-who devours its victim for the fourth time. The next time the Yara-ma-yha-who regurgitates its victim, they would no longer be human, but a Yara-ma-yha-who.

—–

As the Yara-ma-yha-who looked at William and Chiffon, a creepy laugh emerged from its toothless mouth.  

Soon, this laughter was followed by a chorus of laughter that came from all over the maze. The red blinking dots on the map were slowly converging towards them. According to William’s estimate, there were at least a hundred of them.

“Chiffon, no matter what happens, stay as close to me as possible.”

“Understood, Big Brother.”

As the red dots drew closer, the laughter of the Yara-ma-yha-who became louder. It had been a very long time since they had sucked the blood of those that were foolish enough to enter the 51st Floor.  

This was William’s and Chiffon’s first battle within the floor that was given the nickname…

Devil’s Floor.  







Chapter 607

Lightning snaked around William’s body as the power of Stormcaller burst forth. He knew that this was a critical time, so he intended to get serious and use the power of his Prestige Class. He hadn’t been spending his time idly in the Southern Continent after the war with the Elves.

William knew that he needed more power once he stepped into the Central Continent and didn’t stop training his other Job Classes in the Dungeon of Atlantis.  

‘Optimus, change my Job Class to Ninja.’

< Understood. >

As soon as the Job Class was activated, a dozen clones appeared in front of William. This was the Clone Skill that was available in the Ninja Skill Tree. Ninjas were known for their agile movements, assassination abilities, and ninjitsu.  

One of their specialties was to create clones of themselves that aided them in battle.  

The Prestige Class Ninja was acquired when William visited the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods. Its requirements were the Geomancer, Stalker, and Archer Job Classes.  

The Stalker Job Class was the next form of the Thief Class. As for the Archer Class, William had maxed this Job Class long ago. The Geomancer class had been trained by Ashe, which also allowed it to reach the necessary level requirement.

Two years after the war in the Southern Continent ended, William focused his attention in unlocking the strong Prestige Classes like the Elemental Lord and Ninja to boost his repertoire in battle.

Each clone possessed 50% of Wiliam’s strength. However, instead of holding Stormcaller in their hands, they were wielding various weapons.

Five of them were wielding swords called Ninjato, which was the default weapon of the Ninja Clones. The other five held Kama in each hand, while the last two held crossbows.

(A/N: Kama is a form of sickle.)

A dozen clones was the maximum number that William could create right now. If he wanted to have more clones, he would have to upgrade the Ninja Job Class to its final form, Shadow Sovereign.  

Although these dozen clones were weaker than William, they gained all the buffs of William’s King’s Legion, which increased their stats by a good margin. Also, there was another hidden trick to William’s close which was…

“”Quick Shot War Art Second Form!””

All the clones said in unison. At the same time, dozens of Yara-ma-yha-who, appeared at the path leading towards them. They were so fast and agile that they were able to walk on the wall itself.  

The meter-tall Yara-ma-yha-whos opened their disgusting large mouths and jumped at William’s clones with the intention to cling on them like a koala. That way, they could wrap their arms around the clone’s body, sucking their blood, while their abnormally large mouth would devour their bodies starting from their head.

This scene would be perfect for a horror movie and was guaranteed to make anyone scream in fear. Chiffon was intimidated by their appearances, and numbers. Because of this, she unconsciously took a step backwards. That was how scary the scene was in front of her.  

As the Bloodthirsty Devouring little vampires jumped in the air, the clones completed the war art they had prepared in hand.

“”Shotgun!””

Powerful Auras erupted from the tip of their weapons and pushed back the approaching Yara-ma-yha-whos including those that had jumped into the air to attack them from above.  

William, on the other hand, raised Stormcaller and dozens of lightning bolts erupted from its tip, blasting the disgusting creatures away and severely wounding them.

*Chuckle*

One of the severely injured Yara-ma-yha-who raised its head and grinned. The injuries on its body were healing at a rapid pace, similar to the regeneration abilities of the trollhounds.  

William snorted as Stormcaller once again crackled in preparation for the next attack.  

His clones followed suit as they, too, prepared to use a more powerful war art to deal with the annoying Yara-ma-yha-whos whose regeneration made them a very annoying enemy to fight.

“”Quick Shot War Art Fourth Form!””  

William and his clones roared.

“”Grand Bazooka!””

A loud explosion echoed within the maze as the Yara-ma-yha-whos cried out in pain from the attack that had torn their bodies apart.  

Since the passage was not that wide, the effect of the Grand Bazooka was quite profound. All the Yara-ma-yha-whos who had attacked William were all blasted into bits.

William frowned because he noticed that the pieces of flesh on the ground started to wriggle. He had a very bad premonition, so he decided to obliterate them again for the second time.

However, before he could even do anything, Chiffon stepped forward and opened her mouth. The wriggling pieces of flesh were helplessly sucked inside her mouth, making them unable to reform their bodies.  

The surviving Yara-ma-yha-whos who saw this scene instantly panicked and ran away in fear. They were creatures who specialized in sucking the blood of others, and devouring them whole.

However, when they saw Chiffon do the same, their survival instincts kicked in. All of them chose to flee. They were not afraid of getting injured, or blasted into pieces because they could still regenerate and re-attach their bodies.

But, if they were devoured then that would be their end. This was why, instead of confronting the pink-haired girl, they chose to escape for the time being.

The maze had several other creatures in it aside from the Yara-ma-yha-who, so the little critters were confident that they would have their revenge. Soon, their chuckle once again echoed within the maze, making Chiffon cling to William’s arm in fright.

The Half-Elf sighed because he knew that this was only the beginning. There were blinking red dots on the map that were bigger than the Yara-ma-yha-who. The annoying little devouring vampires were troublesome enough, William only hoped that they would not encounter stronger monsters.

He was sure that the opportunistic little bastards would pay close attention to them, and wait for the right opportunity to go in for the kill.

“Let’s return to that dead end we found a little while ago,” William said. “It is not safe to travel right now. We need some rest.”

Chiffon was still shaken from the encounter, so she just nodded her head, while clinging to William’s arm.  

They didn’t know that at the center of the maze, someone was paying close attention to their every move.  

That being licked his lips in anticipation as he waited for his guests to arrive at his location. Even from that distance, it could hear the sound of William’s and Chiffon’s heartbeats.

“Yes. This is what I want to hear.” the being chuckled as it focused on Chiffon’s loudly beating heart. “The heart of someone with a strong Divinity. I can’t wait to pierce your chest, and take that small and innocent heart of yours from your body.”

The being once again chuckled as it resisted the temptation. He needed to ensure that his two guests would reach the center of the maze first. That way, he could start the real Trial of the 51st Floor.

A trial that would make the hearts of his prey, succulent and sumptuous. Hearts that he would eat, in order to break the seal that bound him inside the Tower of Babylon.  







Chapter 608

William and Chiffon retraced their steps to return to the dead end that they had seen a while ago.  

After the battle against the Yara-ma-yha-whos, The Half-Elf knew that they couldn’t continue to push forward for the time being. Hundreds of blinking dots had already arrived at the area, that was just outside the black fog that covered the map in his status page.

Along the way, William used his Runemaster Job Class to place traps on the floors, and walls, that lead towards their destination. Some of the Yara-ma-yha-whos were quite impatient and followed them as they retreated, triggering the traps.

The little vampires cried out in pain as they hastily retreated. Although they had a fast regeneration ability, the power of lightning decreased the speed of their recovery. Also, the lightning traps were very painful, which made the Yara-ma-yha-whos very hesitant to follow William and Chiffon.

Their creepy chuckles spread across the maze like the cacklings of hyenas, who were encircling the prey that they had chosen.

“Sleep, don’t mind them,” William said as he softly patted Chiffon’s head.

Chiffon didn’t move because William’s touch calmed her down. However, she was still worried about the Yara-ma-yha-who whose chuckles were growing in fervor.

“How about you, Big Brother?” Chiffon inquired. “Are you not going to sleep?”

William smiled, “I will sleep later. Don’t worry, I will wake you up when it’s your turn for watch duty.”

The pink-haired girl reluctantly nodded her head before leaning her head on William’s chest.  

Both of them were seated with their backs against the wall. Although this was not a comfortable position to sleep in, the two had no choice but to adjust due to their current situation.  

William created a sound proofing spell and applied it to Chiffon’s ears. This way, the little girl wouldn’t be too bothered by the creepy chuckles that resounded within the maze of the 51st Floor.  

Several explosions could be heard in the distance. Clearly, some of the Yara-ma-yha-whos decided to try once again, and stepped up on William’s traps.  

‘Optimus, do me a favor and alert me right away when they go past the danger zone,’ William said. ‘I will also rest. I leave the watch duty to you.’

< Affirmative. >

Just like Chiffon, William was very tired as well. He knew that in order to break out of their current situation, he needed to be properly rested in order to react to any kind of situation.

A few hours passed, and the defensive line that William had set was slowly being chipped away by the relentless little vampires. Due to their vast numbers, they were taking turns in clearing the lightning mines that the Half-Elf had set beforehand.

The System was paying close attention to the little critters to ensure that they wouldn’t be able to sneak attack the two teenagers who were fast asleep.

A few hours passed, before William was awoken abruptly by the System.  

< Will, they’re here. >

William opened his eyes and dispelled the sound proofing spell on Chiffon’s ears. He then lightly shook the girl who was drooling on his chest.

“Chiffon, wake up,” William said as he stared at the blinking red dots that were only a few hundred meters away from them. “We have company.”

Chiffon opened her eyes, but she was still half asleep. However, her drowsiness disappeared instantly when she heard the familiar chuckling sounds of the Yara-ma-yha-whos.

The pink-haired girl immediately stood up and equipped her gauntlets. Although she was still fearful of the creepy, little vampires, she knew that fighting them was inevitable.  

William took a step forward and took a deep breath. He had already consulted with Optimus earlier that their chances of advancing on the maze, littered with thousands of Yara-ma-yha-whos, was not ideal.

Sure, they could defeat them, but they would just keep on coming back. William had a nagging feeling that these thousands of little vampires were once the challengers who had come to the 51st Floor with the hope of conquering it.

He estimated that those below the rank of Adamantium (Centennial Rank) had all turned into Yara-ma-yha-whos. Those who were stronger might have transformed into more frightful beings, which represented the big red dots on the map.

According to Optimus’ estimate, the Yara-ma-yha-whos in the maze numbered in the hundreds of thousands, while the red dots numbered in the thousands.

It was clear that this was an uphill battle with no end in sight. This wouldn’t have been a problem if William could summon his army. Unfortunately, that option was ruled out, so he had to do what was needed in order for him and Chiffon to survive.

Although 98% of the map in his status page was still covered in black fog, something could be seen at its center.  

A small, stationary, golden rectangle could be seen at the center of the map. Although William and Optimus didn’t know what it was, both of them guessed that it was something important.  

‘According to your calculations, how high is the chance for that golden rectangle to be the exit of this maze?’ William inquired.

< 53% >

William narrowed his eyes as he came to a decision.  

Finding the exit using normal means was not possible. They would have to deal with the Yara-ma-yha-whos constant harassment, and that would be an exhausting experience. Also, it greatly increased the risk of them being overwhelmed by their sheer numbers.

After careful deliberation, William decided to take a chance. He didn’t know if the plan he had in mind would work. But, he would rather try than fight a losing battle of attrition.

Chiffon unconsciously took a deep breath when a few small heads poked at the corner of the intersection.  

Three Yara-ma-yha-whos, looked at William and Chiffon before chuckling. A few seconds later, more of them appeared , instantly blocking the only path that they could take.

“Chiffon, I will bulldoze my way through,” William said. “Stick to me, and don’t get left behind.”

Chiffon nodded, “Understood.”

William summoned a metallic golden staff in his hand as he took a step forward. He then pointed its tip towards the snickering little bastards who were staring at them with hunger.

“Break all the walls that stand before me!” William roared. “Ruyi Jingu Bang!”







Chapter 609

Ruyi Jingu Bang extended and increased its size.  

The Yara-ma-yha-whos who had already entered the pathway shrieked as the tip of the golden staff, smashed unto their bodies until it slammed on the wall of the intersection.  

William could feel a powerful resistance that was resisting Ruyi Jingu Bang’s blow. He knew that it was the laws of the world that prevented the destruction of the walls of the maze.

However, what was Ruyi Jingu Bang?

It was a weapon that could increase its length, size, and weight.  

William roared as he continued to increase Ruyi Jingu Bang’s size. It was at that moment when several cracks appeared on the wall that had already turned the little vampires into meat paste.  

With a loud crack, the wall finally collapsed. The Half-Elf didn’t relent and charged forward. The weapon in his hand answered his call and glowed brightly. All the walls in front of them were smashed to pieces.

“Chiffon!”  

“Un!”

William and Chiffon ran as fast as they could as the Half-Elf used Ruyi Jingu Bang as a battering ram.  

Immediately, the blinking red dots in the map were alerted and immediately swarmed towards them.  

William decreased Ruyi Jingu Bang’s length, but not its width. If you look at this scene from afar, it would appear that the red-headed teenager was holding a giant bazooka.  

“Quick Shot War Arts, First Form!” William shouted. “Destroy everything in your path!”

“Railgun!”

A powerful explosion took place that sent William skidding tens of meters from where he stood. The recoil of the attack made his body creak as the bones on his arms cracked.

The Half-Elf endured the pain and began running. Sun Wukong was one of the most indestructible beings in creation. Although his bones had cracked, they were healing at a very rapid rate.

Meanwhile, all the monsters that had flooded the destroyed walls were obliterated to bits. This included the larger beasts that looked like a Cockatrice, that were rumored to have the ability to turn living creatures into stone.

Although William had destroyed the first wave of monsters, more came. He plucked out a few strands of his hair and blew on them, creating clones.  

The clones’ roles were to only protect them from the monster attacks, while William’s role was to keep smashing the walls until they reached the center of the maze.

William was forcefully breaking the laws of the domain using Ruyi Jingu Bang, but this also came at a price. The duration of his Heroic Avatar was being sapped quite quickly.  

With a loud shout, the Half-Elf smashed the final wall that blocked their way.  

Chiffon’s eyes widened when she saw what seemed to be a giant red oak tree. At its center, a rectangular red portal shone eerily.

“Chiffon,” William said as he held her hand. “Let’s go.”

“Yes,” Chiffon replied as she firmly held William’s hand.  

Thousands of monsters were rushing behind them, so the two didn’t think twice and ran towards the red portal.  

As soon as their bodies passed through it, a devilish chuckle echoed within the maze of the 51st Floor.

The chuckle sounded amused, and was even filled with anticipation.  

After hearing this chuckle, the monsters stopped their advance and dispersed as if nothing had happened. The broken walls that William had smashed slowly returned to its original state. A few minutes later, all the traces of the battle disappeared.  

The only thing that remained was the devilish laughter that belonged to the Lord of the Devil’s Floor.

——

Meanwhile, in the Kraetor Empire…

Kenneth had just defeated his opponent, which made him one of the final contestants in his division. Right now, his final opponent was Eleazar Blackthorn who was lucky enough to get the free pass on the ballot draw, due to having an uneven number of participants.

As he walked down the arena, he glanced at the lightly-tanned young lady, who was wearing light-weight leather armor.  

The lady returned his gaze with a smirk that seemed to be asking, “What are you looking at?”

Kenneth averted his gaze as he walked towards the seats that were reserved for the contestants of the tournament. He didn’t want to create any trouble during his stay because it would only complicate his mission.

Lilith snorted as he turned her gaze back at the arena. For her, Kenneth was too delicate looking to match her preferences. As an Amazon who was looking for a potential partner, looks, bearing, and strength was important.

‘He is strong, but too girly looking,’ Lilith thought. ‘Such a waste of good genes.’

The young Amazon shook her head lightly as she walked towards the arena. Her opponent was not a stranger to her. They had met several times when she was exploring dungeons and domains, and every time they met, they would always battle each other.  

“My Dear Lilith, tell me, are we perhaps fated to be together?” Ged asked with a smile. “I don’t know why the two of us always ended up fighting each other, but, there must be a deeper meaning to this, yes?”

Ged was well-known as the bastard prince of the Tenser Empire. He refused to get the surname of the Royal Family and settled for her mother’s family name, which was Walker. This earned him the scorn of the Royal Family, but none of them dared to do anything underhanded to the bold teenager.

The Emperor favored him because of his fighting prowess, and allowed him to attain some degree of freedom. Although everyone called him a bastard, he was still recognized as a Prince by one of the powerful Empires that stood in the Central Continent.  

Lilith chuckled as she nodded her head in agreement. “You’re not bad, Ged. Your looks, and physique are passable, but you are a softie inside. You know that I don’t like softies.”

“How bold of you to assume that I have an interest in you.” Ged crossed his arms over his chest and grinned. “Having you as a wife or concubine will be the death of me.”

“Don’t be like that. If I don’t really find a suitable partner, I will consider you as my last resort.”

“Should I be honored then?”

“You should.”

Ged shook his head because they had already had this conversation countless times before. Lilith was a beauty, even among the Amazons, but Ged only thought of her as a good friend. Aside from her good looks, Ged abhorred her vices like gambling and theft.  

What he wanted was a loyal and virtuous lady, and not a powder keg that could blow up at any moment.

“Well then, how about we have a bet for old times sake?” Lilith asked as she summoned a short sword and a shield.

Ged summoned a two handed sword and made a few casual swings. “Go on. I’m listening.”

“If I win, you become my servant for a month,” Lilith stated. “If you win, I’ll be your servant for a month. Do we have a deal?”

“Only on the condition that neither of us will have the authority to auction or sell each other in order to gain profit,” Ged replied.

“Tsk!”

“You never change, Lilith.”

After that light banter, the two clashed at the center of the arena, leaving the referee dumbfounded.

“I still haven’t said the start of the battle,” the referee muttered helplessly.  

To his credit, no one paid attention to him and only focused their gazes at the two combatants who were exchanging blows with sneers on their faces.







Chapter 610

Lilith and Ged exchanged several blows that rang across the stadium.  

Both of them had a firm grasp on each other’s fighting ability. They had already fought against each other so many times in the past, and most of their Trump Cards were known to each other.

Empress Andraste sighed as she looked at her daughter, duking it out with the handsome boy that came from their rival Empire. The Tenser Empire and the Amazon Empire weren’t really at odds at each other. 

Both Empress Andraste, and Emperor Eugene of the Tenser Empire, do their best to not antagonize each other. The Emperor even joked at the Empress that he would give his blessings if Lilith were to drag Ged back to the capital of the Amazon Race.

Because of this, there was a time when Empress Andraste urged Lilith to drag Ged back to their Empire, but the latter refused it. The Amazon Princess would always say that Ged was not fit to become a mate of any of their warriors because he was a softie.

In truth, Empress Andraste didn’t know if Lilith and Ged had the possibility of being a couple. The two of them would always bicker, and fight, but their battles were not a fight to the death.  

The Amazon Empress felt like Lilith was only using Ged as a reserve candidate, just in case she didn’t find a man that matched her taste. Truth be told, she had a feeling that Ged just treated her daughter as a naughty little sister, who was at loggerheads with her older brother.

‘Well, if it is meant to be then it is meant to be,’ Empress Andraste thought as she leaned back on her chair. ‘Maybe I should just kidnap the boy and bring him back to our Empire by force. Let’s see if my daughter will react then.’

As the Amazon Empress was busy concocting a kidnapping plan in her head, the battle in the arena was starting to heat up.  

“The Amazon Princess is living up to her reputation,” Evexius said softly beside Emperor Leonidas. “Prince Ged has also improved a lot. I think he is now stronger than Prince Jason. If the two of them meet in the finals, our Prince would have a hard time if he fought him in close combat.”

Emperor Leonidas nodded his head. Currently, the remaining participants–who had not been eliminated–in the tournament were the strongest members of the young generation. Anyone of them could become the champion.

While it is true that Prince Ged was stronger than Prince Jason when it came to physical prowess, the Prince of the Kraetor Empire relies more on technique and strategy to get what he wants.  

After five-full minutes of non-stop attack and defense, the two fighters pulled back at the same time.

“You’ve improved quite a bit, Lilith,” Ged praised.

“And you didn’t.” Lilith chuckled. “Looks like you are destined to become my servant for a month. I’ve missed your cooking, make sure to not disappoint me later.”

“You can stop daydreaming.”

“Me? Daydreaming? What a joke. I want to eat steak tonight, medium rare is best.”

Ged didn’t answer. Instead, he lowered his double handed sword, with its tip pointing towards the ground in front of him.

When Lilith saw this, the smile on her face disappeared and was replaced with a serious expression. She knew that Ged was now about to get serious, and the play time was over.

The Amazon Princess tapped her round shield twice with her sword. Sharp blades protruded at the corners of her shield, which could easily cut flesh like a sword. The short sword in her hand glowed golden as light particles emitted from her body.

“It has been a while since I’ve seen the Dance of the Fireflies,” Ged said softly. “Let’s end this properly, Lilith.”

The Amazon Princess took a fighting stance as she prepared to strike. The two fighters faced each other as if they had agreed beforehand to end this battle with their next attack.

The audience held their breaths, as they waited for the outcome of the match.

Without any warning, both fighters disappeared from where they stood. A few seconds later, a blinding light erupted at the center of the arena, forcing most of the spectators to cover their eyes.

Empress Andraste’s gaze didn’t leave the two fighters. After seeing the result of the clash, her hand clenched into a fist.  

‘You underestimated your opponent, Lilith,’ Empress Andraste sighed.

The other veterans shared her opinion. They were the ones that weren’t fazed by the brilliant light that surrounded both fighters.

Ged’s sword had pierced through Lilith’s right shoulder, which made the Amazon’s face tighten. Her sword had also fallen on the ground, and with the condition of her arm, it would be impossible for her to pick it back.

“Looks like this is the end,” Ged commented.

“Yeah,” Lilith agreed. “It’s my win.”

Lilith’s bladed round shield was pressed on Ged’s neck. A trickle of blood had already stained its blade. If the Amazon Princess was to push it a little more, the young man’s neck would have a large gush in the next second.

Ged pulled back and released the grip on his sword. Just like Lilith had said, it was indeed her win. The Amazon Princess had incredible flexibility, which enabled her to twist her body at the last second, preventing a lethal injury.

“I concede, you are the victor of this match.”

“Okay, that’s now 128 wins and 127 losses. Remember, prepare my steak tonight. I want medium rare.”

“…”

The Clerics rushed up to the arena and deftly pulled out the sword on Lilith’s shoulder. They then healed their injury and gave her a few potions to drink to increase her speed of recovery.

Emperor Leonidas applauded, and the rest followed suit. Deep inside, he was feeling depressed. Truth be told, he wanted William to participate in the tournament.  

He had seen him fight alongside with his army, but it wasn’t enough to assess his overall strength. It was quite unfortunate that the Half-Elf had to leave the Kraetor Empire because of their Patron God’s quest.

The Emperor knew why Prince Jason joined the tournament and what he would wish for if he won. Frankly, Emperor Leonidas had already thought of his answer if his grandson were to wish for what he had in mind.  

For now, he tossed the idea at the side of his head. In order for that to happen, Prince Jason must win first.  

‘I’ll cross that bridge when I get there,’ Emperor Leonidas mused as his gaze landed on his granddaughter who was seated in the VIP seats reserved for their family.  

He had received several marriage requests for Princess Sidonie, not only in the Kraetor Empire, but in the surrounding Empires as well. However, he rejected them all. His granddaughter had already made up her mind, but the Emperor didn’t know if this was the best for her.

Emperor Leonidas was planning to use the tournament to know if William was truly a capable person. Sadly, he wouldn’t be able to see the aces hidden in the Half-Elf’s sleeves.  

Aces that he was quite interested to see.







Chapter 611

Ashe cradled Princess Sidonie’s head on her chest, as the latter panted for breath.  

Both of them were currently inside the Thousand Beast Domain because the princess’ sin was acting up again. Unfortunately, there was no news of William and where he had gone.

No matter how much the two called out to him, no reply came back to them. It didn’t take long for the two young ladies to realize that something might have happened to William during his climb inside the tower.

Left with no choice, Ashe took the role of absorbing Princess Sidonie’s surging Divinity into her body. Ever since William had gone to the tower, the Half-Elf had designated his Incubus Job Class to Ashe as a countermeasure, just in case he wasn’t around when Princess Sidonie’s Divinity went out of control.

Naturally, this Job Class changed into the Succubus Job Class when Ashe took on her Mermaid Form. However, since this was an incomplete Job Class, William and Ashe didn’t grow any horns, tails, or wings on their bodies.

Even so, the power they wielded was enough to use the basic function of the Incubus and Succubus Job Classes without fail.

As the power of Lust was absorbed by the gem on Ashe’s chest, Sidonie’s breathing became smoother, but her face was still pale.  

After an hour, the princess finally regained full control of her body.

“Thank you, Ashe,” Princess Sidonie said weakly. “I’m glad you were here to take care of me.”

“There’s no need to thank me,” Ashe replied. “I can’t possibly turn a blind eye when you are clearly suffering.”

Ashe sighed internally as she calmed the power that she had absorbed. The power of a Divinity wasn’t easy to control. Only William, who had the aid of the System, could easily store this power inside his body as a sort of battery for future use.

Ashe was different. She was a mermaid, and was a complete novice when it came to dealing with these kinds of things. Her forte lay in spirit control, and the power of Lust was not an easy power she could tame from the get go.

Both of them were covered in sweat, so they decided to take a bath together. After they were done, they returned to the bedroom.

Princess Sidonie knew that Ashe was having trouble in dealing with the power that she had absorbed, so she decided to lend her a hand.

Ashe didn’t resist, because she had been with the princess everytime they made love with William. Because of this, the barrier between the two of them had already crumbled. This was something that the Half-Elf had encouraged, because he preferred to make love with the two beautiful girls at the same time.

Soon, the two ladies rolled on the bed, as Princess Sidonie helped Ashe find relief. This was the only thing she could do to ensure that her friend would not be overwhelmed by the power of Lust.

—–

Meanwhile, back in the Tower of Babylon…

Chiffon opened her eyes and found herself in a very familiar room. This was a place that she had been to several years ago.

A place that filled her with dread.

Suddenly the door in the room opened up, and a handsome boy with green hair entered. There was a devilish grin on his face, which made Chiffon unconsciously shudder. Truth be told, the pink-haired girl was very afraid of this person.

She wished more than anything else that she wouldn’t get the opportunity to see him again.

“What’s wrong, little sister?” the green-haired boy asked. His blood-red eyes stared at Chiffon with ridicule. “Are you hungry? Don’t worry, I will take you to a place where you can eat your fill.”

Chiffon unconsciously stepped back as she shook her head. “N-No. I’m not hungry.”

The green-haired boy paused for a minute before laughing.  

“Little sister, how can you not be hungry?” the green-haired boy asked in a teasing tone. “You haven’t eaten anything in two days. You don’t have to lie to me. As your big brother, it is my duty to ensure that you eat until you are full.

“N-No. I’m not really hungry. Big Brother Felix, you don’t have to take me anywhere.”

“Oh? Are you sure you’re not hungry?”

“I’m not hungry.”

As if mocking her attempt at lying, a gurgling sound resounded inside the room. Felix laughed once again as Chiffon’s stomach growled in hunger.

“Let’s go.” Felix grabbed her hand, not carrying whether she wanted to go with him or not. “Time for you to eat.”

Felix was Chiffon’s half-brother. They were born from different mothers, and had the same father.  

The pink-haired girl also had several other brothers and sisters. Some were older than her, some were younger than her. However, all of them shared the same attitude when it came to Chiffon.

All of them treated her like trash.

Felix dragged Chiffon to the forest that was just outside their manor. It was a villa that their family used for lodging during hunting season. Naturally, the forest was nearby, so that they didn’t need to travel far in order to hunt their prey.

After half an hour, the two arrived at a small clearing inside the forest.

There, over a dozen boys and girls chatted happily.

“I brought her with me,” Felix announced as he pushed Chiffon forward. “She’s very hungry. I hope that all of you will help our sister eat as much as she can. After all, we are all family, right?”

The boys and girls laughed and voiced their agreement.

Chiffon clenched her fist as she lowered her head.  

‘Why? Why is this happening?!’ Chiffon panicked internally. ‘Just a minute ago, I was with Big Brother Wi…’

Chiffon paused. The name she was about to say was stuck at the tip of her tongue. She tried to recall her Big Brother’s name, but whenever she did, only a blurry image appeared inside her head.

All she could remember was the color of his hair and eyes. However, even those two things were starting to become blurry as well.

“What’s wrong?” Felix inquired as he once again pushed Chiffon’s body.

Because of the sudden push, Chiffon fell down on the ground.  

Everyone around her laughed when they saw the scene in front of their eyes. Their laughter drowned out the memory that Chiffon was trying so hard to hold unto. A memory that she didn’t want to let go, no matter what.

“Everyone, our sister is very hungry,” Felix raised his hand with a wicked grin. “Come on. Let’s shower Chiffon with our love.”

“Alright!”

“I’ve prepared for this day.”

“Heh! I even went to the small village nearby to help our sister get something to eat.”

“Oh? How kind of you. I only found some rotting food in the kitchen.”

As if the floodgates had been opened, Chiffon’s brothers and sisters opened their storage rings and showered her with an assortment of trash that they had gathered over the past two days.

Rotten eggs, fishbones, dead mice, insects, bones, pieces of flesh, animal droppings that they found in the forest, and many other things both disgusting and mundane.

The pink-haired girl was covered in filth from head to foot, but this didn’t cause her despair. The one thing she was worried about was the fleeting memory that was slowly, and surely, slipping out of her grasp.







Chapter 612

An old woman looked up at what seemed to be a big red bubble floating on the sky.  

Inside that bubble, two teenagers floated. The old woman had a nasty smile on her face as she observed the color of the red crystal that hovered above Chiffon’s heart.  

Right now, a small glow could be seen at its center. This was the proof that Chiffon’s Heart Devil was slowly taking hold of her heart. Once the entire crystal was filled with a radiant glow, it then would start to crack.

This meant that the person’s heart had lost to their Heart Devil and was now ready for the final phase. The Guardian that governed the 51st Floor liked to eat hearts. He especially liked the hearts of innocent people because they had a very rich and overpowering taste.

However, the Guardian had discovered a much better way to make the taste of people’s hearts extra special. Once they had lost to their Heart Devil, the Guardian would grant that person’s deepest desire and satisfy that person’s wish.

That way, their already delicious hearts would become richer, and would give him more power once he consumed them.

They had already known that Chiffon was a holder of a powerful Divinity. Although they didn’t know what this Divinity was, they really weren’t too bothered about it. She was not the first one that was born with this priceless treasure.

There had been many others who had succumbed to the Heart Demons and ended up in the Guardian’s hands. Their powers had long become part of his body.

“Just one more Divinity and his Excellency will be able to break through the laws that bind him to this tower,” the old woman said softly. “You should be honored, Child. Your heart will give birth to a God that will rule this world. Worry not, before you draw your last breath, your deepest desire will be granted. Isn’t my Lord benevolent?”

The old woman chuckled before setting her eyes on William who was floating right beside Chiffon.

“Well, this boy is not bad,” the old woman muttered. “I guess, I can ask his Excellency to bestow you to me as a reward for serving him for the past hundred years.”

The old woman grinned showing her yellowish teeth.  

“All the men here have turned into those disgusting Yara-ma-yha-whos and cockatrices. It has been so many years since I saw a decent looking young man, you will have to satisfy me for now until we are able to leave the tower.”

The two teenagers were unaware of what was happening in their surroundings. Their consciousnesses were currently trapped within the second trial of the 51st Floor. Truthfully, the reason why no one had been able to clear the Devil’s Floor was due to the Guardian.

As the God that ruled over the floor, no one was his match. This allowed him to manipulate the laws according to his wishes and make the trial very difficult to clear. Even if someone were to clear the trial, they would still need his approval to proceed to the next floor.

This was why no one had been able to succeed. The Guardian of the 51st Floor had done the taboo and ate the hearts of the players that had stepped onto his floor.  

Supposedly, Guardians shouldn’t actively participate in the trials of their respective floors. However, the administrator of the floor was an exception because he was a very malevolent being.  

The moment he became the Sovereign of the Devil’s Floor, the result had already been set in stone.

Up above the sky, two eyes were looking fondly at the pink-haired girl, whose heart was screaming in fear, pain, and anxiety. The glow of the red-crystal was becoming stronger by the minute, but the Guardian knew that it would still take anywhere from three days to a week before the heart he desired was finally ready.

He had already waited for over a thousand years, he could afford to wait a few more days. All he wanted to do was to sink his teeth into Chiffon’s heart that contained a piece of Divinity.

For the past thousand years, he had already collected twenty-three Divinities. Each of them gave him enormous power. Now that another Divinity was presented to him, he was certain that once he left the tower, no one would be his match!

As for the girl’s companion, he hadn’t sensed anything from his body. For him, William was just an ordinary Half-Elf. Even the power he showed earlier wasn’t anything special.

His servant had already requested that the Half-Elf be given to her. Since that was the case, the Guardian readily agreed and promised to give the red-headed teenager to her as a reward.

Why should he care about a mere Half-Elf? The only thing he cared about was the adorable, pink-haired girl, whom he had set his eyes on from the very start.

—–

A day passed, and Prince Jason woke up inside his room.

His injury had already been healed, and there were no other side effects of the poison inside his body.  

He walked towards the balcony of his room and gazed upon the sunrise in the distance.  

Today was the last day of the quarter finals. If he won his fight today, he would proceed to the semi-finals, which would only be a step away from realizing his goal.  

He caressed the bracelet on his right hand. This was the artifact that was given to him by the Oracle. It was his Trump Card in the tournament. If possible, he didn’t want to use it and leave it as a secret weapon when he stepped into the finals.

However, his last battle made him realize that he couldn’t underestimate his opponents. If not for the fact that the Oracle was also in the Grand Arena, he would have perished under the hands of the deadly poison from the Demonic Continent.

“It doesn’t matter who I face,” Prince Jason muttered. “I will be the Champion of this tournament.”

A sneer appeared on his face when he remembered the red-headed teenager who had suddenly disappeared from the academy. Prince Jason had long wanted to have a one on one battle with William to show everyone that he wasn’t anything special.

In his mind, the Half-Elf only won the war due to the Undead Army.

He was only strong because he had an ability that allowed him to jump ranks and become as powerful as a Saint.

Prince Jason believed that now that they were on equal footing, he would be able to prove that he was a better warrior. He would be able to prove that he was a better man.

Someone that others should look up to with fear and respect.

That he was the person that deserved to be surrounded by riches and beauties, and the only person who had the qualification to pin down the seductive Princess from the Southern Continent on his bed. He vowed that after he won the tournament, he would stake his claim and make his cousin his bride.

“It’s your fault for running away, Half-Elf,” Prince Jason smiled. He then raised his right hand as if trying to grab the sun that was rising in the East. “The future belongs to me!”







Chapter 613

When the sun shone at its Zenith, the Grand Coliseum of the Kraetor Empire opened its doors.  

Tens of thousands of people took their seats as they waited with bated breath for the end of the Quarter-Finals. This will be the last hurdle before the Semi-Finals. The gambling houses were in full swing as they accepted the bets of those who wished to try their luck in the tournament.

They looked at the finalists in each bracket and weighed the pros and cons of their decisions. In the end, all of the remaining contestants were said to be the strongest among the young generation, and it was hard for anyone to make a decision.

Naturally, the Kraetor Empire was a bit biased when it came to their own Prince. Right now, all the bets were placed in favor of Prince Jason, while a few individuals decided to pin their hopes on the beautiful elf, Pearl McLean.

—–

Bracket A

— Prince Jason

— Pearl McLean

Bracket B

— Kenneth Xin Ashleigh  

— Eleazar Blackthorn  

Bracket C

— Ephemera Fortuna

— Silvanus Rahl

Bracket D

— Lilith Lynn

— Luther Luna

—–

Prince Jason stepped on the arena and raised his fist. The cheer of the Kraetorians resounded like thunder as they gave their full support to the remaining representative of their Empire.

Luna entered the arena with a confident smile on her face. Even though she wasn’t the crowd favorite, none of that mattered to her. Her goal in coming to the Kraetor Empire was to force William to free her sister.

It was quite unfortunate that the Half-Elf was nowhere to be seen, so her initial plan was thrown out of the window. However, she still intended to win the tournament. The Silvermoon Continent wanted to regain their face on the world stage. As an Elf, it was her duty to bring glory to her race.

She could always ask the Kraetor Emperor to use his influence to force William to release her sister. This way, her trip to the Human Empire wouldn’t be in vain.

The referee glanced at both combatants and nodded his head.

“The two of you already know the rules,” the referee said. “Are both of you ready?”

Prince Jason raised his hand in a gesture to pause the start of the match.  

“Why don’t we make this fight more interesting?” Prince Jason commented with a smile. “How about the two of us have a bet. If I win you will b–”

“There’s no need,” Pearl interrupted Prince Jason’s words with her own. “I’m not interested in your bet because you don’t have the power, or the authority to grant me my request.”

The smile on Prince Jason’s face stiffened when he heard the beautiful Elf’s statement.  

“You’re questioning my power and authority in my own Empire?” Prince Jason asked with a sneer. “How bold of you. Well then, why don’t you tell me what you want and I’ll tell you whether I can grant it or not.”

Pearl returned Prince Jason’s sneer before answering his question.

“William Von Ainsworth took my sister captive,” Pearl replied. “Do you have the power and authority to give her back her freedom?”

Prince Jason used all of his willpower to keep the smile on his face. He was aware that William had taken several Elves with him back in the Southern Continent. His relationship with William was like oil and water. The mere thought of asking the Half-Elf for a favor was enough to make his skin crawl.

“Well, can you do it?” Pearl took a step forward. Her voice was filled with ridicule and contempt.

Prince Jason nodded, “Of course I can. I am the Prince of this Empire. There are very few things that I cannot do.”

Prince Jason couldn’t afford to lose face in front of his people. He had to act bold and confident because he would definitely lose face if he backed down. Even though he was sure that William wouldn’t release Pearl’s sister if he was the one to talk to him, he still gave Pearl a positive answer.

He would just worry about the Half-Elf once he returned to the Empire. For now, it was more important to show the Emperor that he wasn’t afraid of his love rival.

The corner of Emperor Leonidas’ lips rose. Sometimes, it was important to learn the art of bluffing because it could give you the advantage in a negotiation.

Unfortunately, Pearl didn’t bite and only shook her head helplessly.

‘A man who is lusting over the fiance of another man cannot be trusted,’ Pearl thought as she summoned her bow. ‘Humans are truly despicable.’

Seeing that the Elf had no intention of accepting his bet, Prince Jason summoned his sword and prepared for battle.

The referee glanced at the two fighters before raising his hand.

“Fight!”  

Both combatants immediately reinforced their bodies using their auras and spells.  

Just like she did during the battle against Prince Maximilian, Pearl jumped around the arena while showering Prince Jason with a hail of arrows.

The Prince of the Kraetor Empire calmly deflected and dodged her attacks as she closed the distance between them.  

Prince Maximilian who was watching the battle along with the other Princes and Princesses, frowned. This was the same style that Pearl had used against him, and his power of clairvoyance watched her each and every move.

In Prince Jason’s vision, the two fighters in the arena had clashed several times, before Pearl unleashed her Trump Card that was enough to destroy half of the arena. This attack was also the reason why Prince Maximilian decided to surrender.

As he watched the battle unfold, the scene that he was dreading came into fruition. Pearl had unleashed a powerful attack, leaving no place for Prince Jason to escape.

Prince Maximilian increased the power of his clairvoyance, but the result astounded him. He couldn’t see past the point when Pearl had unleashed her attack.  

No matter how hard he tried, the Prince wasn’t able to see the outcome of the battle. It was as if there was some kind of power that was blocking his ability to see the future.  

Originally, Prince Jason could only use this ability for things that were going to happen to him. But, if he paid a price, he would also be able to see the future of others, albeit for a short period of time.

‘This is my limit,’ Prince Maximilian sighed as he stopped the use of his ability. Blood seeped at the corner of his lips, but he quickly wiped it with his handkerchief.  

“What’s wrong, cousin?” Princess Vanessa asked. “Are you not feeling well?”

Prince Maximilian patted her hand to assure her that he was alright. He didn’t dare open his mouth because he could still taste the blood. If his cousin saw this, she might start to panic, so he decided to just act as if nothing had happened and focused on the battle that was currently happening in the arena.

Princess Vanessa frowned, but didn’t say anything else. She once again returned her gaze to the arena where her beloved was having an intense battle against the beautiful elf who was hopping, and flying around the arena like a pesky grasshopper.

A few seconds later, the scene that Prince Maximilian had seen using his ability came to pass.

Pearl jumped high up in the air as the arrow on her bow glowed brightly.  

“Air that flies freely in the world, eradicate those who stand in your way!” Pearl shouted as she released the arrow in her hand.  

“Aero Annihilation!”







Chapter 614

A powerful blast of air descended from the skies.  

Prince Jason’s sixth sense screamed at him to dodge it at all cost. However, no matter where he went, he would still be within the range of the attack.

The Prince knew that now was a moment of life and death, so he decided to activate the bracelet on his wrist.

A powerful explosion shook the arena. A cloud of dust rose up in the air, preventing everyone from seeing the outcome of Pearl’s powerful attack. The Emperors, Kings, and Patriarch’s, who were at their respective seats, narrowed their eyes.

Empress Andraste shook her head before speaking out her thoughts.

“Maybe we should have added in the rules that these kinds of artifacts must not be allowed in the tournament,” Empress Andraste said. “This is considered cheating.”

The other rulers nodded their heads in agreement before glancing at the Emperor who hosted the event.  

Empress Leonidas’ face remained calm as he gazed down at the arena. “We can always add this to the rule later. Right now, it is too late to change anything.”

Empress Andrasted nodded her head. She was one of the people that had drafted the rules of the tournament. None of them had anticipated the use of such artifacts, so it wasn’t included in the rule book.

The other Sovereigns exchanged glances at each other, but there was nothing they could do about it. It was a loophole that they didn’t foresee. As the host of the tournament, Emperor Leonidas had taken a hands off policy in the drafting of the rules. This meant that he was innocent and the current circumstance couldn’t be blamed on him.  

The Demon General, Zagarl, snorted to show his stand on the matter. Deep down, he was disappointed because Prince Jason didn’t die. Now that the Prince had activated his Trump Card, the outcome of the match was set in stone.  

A powerful aura dispersed the dust cloud from the arena. Just like Prince Maximilian had predicted, half of the arena was destroyed. But, there was one thing he wasn’t able to predict.

Standing at the destroyed part of the arena was Prince Jason. He was wearing crimson colored full-plate armor that was strong enough to withstand Pearl’s devastating attack.  

“Despicable Human Prince!” Pearl’s face contorted in rage. “So this is why you wanted to have a bet with me. Compared to that brat named William, you’re nothing but a piece of trash!”

Prince Jason was feeling a surge of power inside his body and decided to enjoy the pleasurable feeling. However, his opponent had spoken something he didn’t like and it soured his mood. What he hated the most was to be compared to William.

For him, the Half-Elf was a thorn in his side that wouldn’t disappear no matter how hard he tried to pull it out. Now that he was being called a piece of trash, he no longer planned to show any mercy to the beautiful Elf whom he planned to humiliate in front of everyone.

Prince Jason took a step forward, and instantly appeared two meters away from Pearl. The beautiful elf gritted her teeth as she attempted to jump backwards.

It was quite unfortunate that the Prince’s hand was able to grab her arm first, preventing her from jumping away.  

With a loud cracking sound, the bones on Pearl’s arm broke. The Elf bit her lip to prevent herself from screaming out loud.

Behind the crimson helmet covering his face, Prince Jason was sneering.

“You b*tch, I’ll make sure that you will regret comparing me to that Half-Elf bastard!” Prince Jason pulled back his arm with the intention of punching Pearl’s stomach to make her kneel in front of him.

However, before he could execute his plan, someone grabbed his hand, preventing him from punching the Elven beauty.

“That’s enough, Your Highness,” Evexius said with a smile. “This round goes to you.”

Prince Jason didn’t know why Evexius stopped him from teaching the Elven girl a lesson. However, the look that the Grand Archmage of the Kraetor Empire was giving him made him feel that something was terribly wrong.

Because of this, he decided to play along to better understand the situation.  

The Prince glanced up to where the Emperor of the Kraetor Empire was seated. He wanted to know why someone interfered in the middle of his match.  

Emperor Leonidas stared down at him. His expression was calm as if there was nothing in the world that could move him. But, this same expression was enough to tell Prince Jason that he could no longer do anything to his opponent, whose arm was now currently being treated by the medics of the Kraetor Empire.

“Let’s go, Your Highness,” Evexius commented. “The other matches still need to be held. We are hogging the spotlight right now.”

Prince Jason snorted as he turned around to walk towards the exit of the arena. The crimson armor that covered his body receded, and once again turned into a bracelet that hung on his right wrist.  

“The winner of this battle is Prince Jason!” The referee announced.

Although the audience was confused on what happened inside the arena, they still applauded Prince Jason for winning and proceeding to the Semifinal Rounds. Only the elite warriors were aware of what had transpired, and they felt that the Prince had won unfairly.

Even so, they kept mum about it. It was not their place to scold the Prince for using an underhanded trick to win the tournament. They just pitied the Elven beauty who was being escorted outside the arena.

Pearl saw Kenneth standing not far from her, and decided to walk in his direction. She passed by him, but before she did, she said something that only the silver-haired teenage boy could hear.  

“I’ll leave the rest to you,” Pearl said as she passed Kenneth. “Take the win for our race. Use whatever means necessary to accomplish our goal.”

Kenneth didn’t give her any answer. Instead, he walked towards the arena because it was his turn to fight next.  

Pearl glanced at his retreating back with complicated feelings before heading towards the resting area. Although she lost, she planned to watch the tournament until the end.  

Kenneth was the only remaining candidate of the Elven Race. Originally, she wanted to become the champion of the tournament. It was quite unfortunate that her goal was crushed by the Prince who shamelessly used an artifact to drastically increase his defenses, and boost his rank to the peak of the Mortal Realm.

Pearl was frustrated, but she understood that she couldn’t make any waves within the Kraetor Empire. The only thing she could do was wait.

Wait for Kenneth to win, and wait for the son of the Saintess to return. While Pearl was pondering about these things, a soft but firm voice reached her sensitive ears.

“Don’t worry. I will win.”

Kenneth stepped inside the arena with a determined look on his face. He vowed that he would break Princess Sidonie’s engagement with William, and he would carry it out without fail.

‘Don’t worry, Will,’ Kenneth thought as he unsheathed the shortsword from his scabbard. ‘I will set you free.’

—–







Chapter 615

Chiffon dragged her weary body to a small house near the villa. Her clothes were all dirty, and her body felt wet and sticky.  

Just as she crossed the living room, a light cough reached her ears.

“Chiffon, you are back,” a small, and beautiful lady with pink hair said as she walked towards Chiffon. Her eyes looked over at her daughter, and her heart ached on what she saw. “Let’s go to the bathroom first. I haven’t taken a bath as well, let’s bathe together.”

Another cough escaped the lady’s lips after finishing her sentence. Clearly, she wasn’t feeling well, but seeing her daughter in that state hurt her more than her sickness.

“Mama,” Chiffon reached out and hugged her mother. A few seconds later, she started sobbing. It was as if she was venting all of her grievances to the one person that truly cared for her.

April, Chiffon’s mother, hugged her back.  

She didn’t care that her daughter was dirty.

She didn’t care that her daughter stunk.

What she cared about was that her beloved child was hurting and, as her mother, she would stay by her side regardless of her current state.

After a few minutes, Chiffon finally regained her calm. She allowed herself to be taken to the bathroom, and be cleaned up by her mother.

April used a small bucket to pour water on her daughter’s head. After that, she used soap and water to clean her from head to foot.  

She would cough from time to time while doing this, but she didn’t care. After ensuring that she had properly cleaned every nook and carry of Chiffon’s body, she washed her with water.  

“Mama, let me help you, too,” Chiffon offered.  

April nodded. “You can wash my back. I can handle the rest.”

“Un!” Chiffon held the soap firmly in her hand and helped her mother clean her back.  

The two spent a good amount of time in the bathroom, before they emerged wearing bath towels on their bodies.  

Chiffon hummed as her mother helped dry her hair using a hand towel.  

“You’re going to be twelve soon, Chiffon,” April said. “A few more years and you will be old enough to marry. I wish I could see that day.”

After saying these words, April had a coughing fit that alarmed Chiffon.  

The pink-haired girl immediately helped rub her mother’s back in order to help ease her discomfort.  

When April’s cough subsided, Chiffon sat beside her. She was still worried about her mother, but the latter just gave her a hug and kissed her forehead.

“I’m fine, don’t worry about me,” April assured her.  

Chiffon was still worried about her mother, but since April said that she was fine, she decided to believe her.  

“Mama, what do you mean old enough to marry? What is marry?” Chiffon asked.

April lightly tapped her forehead because she had forgotten that Chiffon was still too young to understand what marriage means. In the end, she decided to explain this to her properly, instead of leaving it to her Half-Brothers, and Half-Sisters, whose only aim was to make Chiffon suffer.

“Marriage is a ceremony where you say your vows to someone you love. Once this is done, both of you will be partners for life.”

April sighed as she looked in the distance. It was as if she was reminiscing about a memory of the past. A past where she thought that she had found her true love. A love that would make her the happiest dwarf in the world.

“I hope that you will find someone who will truly love you,” April said as she patted Chiffon’s head. “Someone who will never leave your side in times of happiness as well as hardship.”

Chiffon vaguely understood what April was trying to say. However, she was still too young to fully comprehend it.

“Mama, did Papa and you marry?” Chiffon inquired.

April’s body stiffened before she once again had a coughing fit. Chiffon hurriedly patted her mother’s back once more to help ease her suffering.  

After a few minutes, April sighed and hugged Chiffon close to her.  

“Your father and I didn’t marry,” April replied. “He… he chose not to marry me because of political reasons. You don’t have to worry about this. Even if I didn’t marry your father, I am very happy to have given birth to you. For me, you are my treasure. My one and only baby in this world.”

April tightened her hug, which made Chiffon feel warm and happy inside. She couldn’t see her mother often because April was considered an outcast. Earlier, Chiffon had to beg the guard stationed on the door of the house to allow her to see her mother.  

Out of disgust, the guard allowed her inside just so her stench would go away.  

Chiffon still didn’t understand why she couldn’t live with her mother, but April said that she was already happy if Chiffon visited her from time to time.

The pink-haired little girl stayed with her mother till the next day. In truth, she didn’t want to return to the villa because she was afraid that she would get bullied again by her half brother and sisters.

Her father had many wives, and all of them treated Chiffon with scorn. Just like her mother, Chiffon was treated as an outcast. A freak of nature that had a disgusting Divinity that allowed her to eat anything.

The pink-haired girl’s father turned a blind eye to the harassment that Chiffon and her mother suffered at the hands of his wives, sons, and daughters. If there had been any love between April and him in the past, that love had long disappeared without a trace.

All that was left was disappointment and regret.  

Disappointment because April didn’t bear him a son.

Regret because April couldn’t give birth to another child because of her condition.

In her father’s eyes, they were merely baggage from the past.  

A past that he had long left behind.







Chapter 616

A group of beautiful women chatted in the garden located at the side of the villa. They were the other wives of Chiffon’s father, and they were talking about random things in the Demonic Continent.

After a while, they saw Chiffon walking back to the villa from the small house where her mother was housed.

One of the ladies clicked her tongue in disgust, “I still don’t understand why our husband still keeps that woman around. He should just toss her to the desert and let her fend for herself.”

The other ladies around her chuckled and nodded their heads in agreement. All of them were rivals, but Chiffon’s mother was a thorn that they had long wanted to get rid of these past few years.

April was their husband’s first lover. If he married her, she would have become the main wife and first among all of them. Fortunately, the Demonic Council opposed his idea, so Chiffon’s mother didn’t gain a noble title.

All of them were very happy with this set-up, but deep inside, they still felt worried that their husband would once again rekindle the love that he had for April and make her one of his legal wives.

The ladies exchanged a knowing glance as a plan formed inside their heads.  

Luciel, their husband, and Chiffon’s father, was currently out on a hunting trip along with his subordinates. The only ones in the villa were their guards. If they were to make a move on April, now was the perfect opportunity to do so.

However, they needed a valid excuse to do it. Although they didn’t say it out loud, they were afraid that Luciel would get angry if they made a move on April, while he was away.

Luciel’s first legally married wife, Natasha, narrowed her eyes. She was the daughter of one of the Dukes in the Demon Continent who supported Luciel’s reign. Because of this, her authority was the highest among his wives, and everyone followed her orders without fail.

“Our husband won’t be back for three more days,” Natasha commented. “If any of you can come up with a good plan about how to deal with April, I am willing to lend an ear. Naturally, all of you are required to participate once the plan is set in motion.”

“Of course, Big Sister. We will give you our full support.”

“As long as we can make that April suffer, I am willing to cooperate.”

The other ladies voiced their agreement. Although all of them didn’t get along well, they were united in their hatred for April. They still thought that having a dwarf as one of their husband’s lovers was a stain in their reputation.

“I thought of a good plan,” one of the ladies said with a smile. “We will be able to punish both mother and daughter at the same time.”

“Oh? Let us hear it then!”

“Go on. Don’t leave us hanging.”

Natasha lightly brushed her long, light-green hair with her hands, before making a gesture for her compatriot to tell them her plan. If it was really as good as she claimed it to be then they would definitely act on it without fail.

While the ladies were talking, there was someone who heard their conversation from above their heads.

William’s consciousness had somehow merged with Chiffon’s consciousness.  

He had seen how Chiffon was treated by her half brother and sisters.

He had seen April and how much she loved her daughter.

He had heard how Chiffon’s step mothers came up with a plan to make the mother and daughter pair suffer.

William gnashed his teeth in anger and his hands balled into fists. However, he was powerless to do anything.

It was as if he was watching a movie as a spectator. No matter what he did, nothing happened. He couldn’t contact Optimus, he couldn’t use his skills, and he couldn’t talk to Chiffon. After several tries, William gave up and observed Chiffon’s childhood.

William made sure to remember the names of Chiffon’s father and stepmothers. He vowed that when he visited the Demonic Continent, he would give all of them a piece of his mind.  

The next day, Chiffon was dragged by her half-siblings to the garden to play dodgeball. Of course, this wasn’t an ordinary game because they were using a special artifact that Natasha had secretly lent to her son, Felix.

The children were split into two teams, and the game began as Felix threw the ball at Chiffon’s team, and eliminated them one by one.

Of course, they didn’t aim for Chiffon at the beginning. They saved her for last because the children had already been told secretly by their mothers about the plan that they had come up with a day ago.

Finally, only Chiffon was left on her team because everyone had been eliminated.

Felix grinned and threw the ball towards Chiffon in a casual manner. The ball flew very slowly, so Chiffon decided to catch it.  

When Chiffon caught the ball, a cry of pain escaped her lips because the ball suddenly became very hot. It was as if she had caught a big lump of coal that had just recently begun burning in a fireplace.  

Chiffon immediately let go of the ball. She then tearfully inspected her hands in order to see the damage she had taken, but to her surprise, her hand was perfectly fine. Aside from the pain she was feeling, there were no visible injuries that could be seen anywhere.

“What’s wrong?” Felix asked. “It’s your team’s turn to hit us. What are you standing there around for? Hurry up and go to your position!”

Chiffon almost jumped up in fright because of Felix’s yell. She hurriedly went to the spot that was reserved for her and waited for the game to begin.

The siblings exchanged a glance at each other and sniggered. It was now time for the second phase of their plan.  

The game began and Felix’s team deftly dodged the balls that were thrown at them. Every time it was Chiffon’s turn to throw the ball, she would feel a searing pain in her hands. This caused her to throw the ball haphazardly which made her siblings burst out in laughter.

The ladies who were watching them from afar chuckled among themselves because they fully knew what was happening to Chiffon.  

In the end, Felix’s team was eliminated and it was now their turn to throw the ball at Chiffon’s team. Just like always, they saved Chiffon for last.

Felix sneered as he threw the ball at Chiffon. This time, he didn’t hold anything back and threw the ball with all of his might.

Chiffon was about to dodge to the side when suddenly, the speed of the ball increased. It then hit her squarely on the chest, which sent her flying a few meters in the air. Felix had activated the special ability of the artifact that increased its speed and made the ball twenty times heavier.

Everything happened so fast that Chiffon had no idea what happened. The pain in her chest made it hard for her to breathe. Several of her ribs had been broken, so every time she drew breath, she would feel a stinging pain that made breathing difficult for her.  

Blood seeped at the corner of her lips, and tears came out of her eyes. It was at this moment when a scream was heard in the distance.

April had witnessed Chiffon getting hit by the ball and was shocked at what happened next. As a fighter, she realized that the ball was not an ordinary ball, but an artifact that could also be used as a weapon. This realization filled her with anger as she ran towards her daughter to check her condition.

“M-Mama,” Chiffon cried out weakly. She was in great pain, and wished for her mother to make the pain go away.

April ran towards her darling daughter with tears in her eyes. She was feeling murderous right now, and had the strong urge to kill Felix with her bare hands. However, she knew that the guards who were watching by her side would prevent her from doing that.

Since that was the case, she rushed towards her daughter who was currently in pain. April would do everything in her power to save Chiffon, even if the price she had to pay was her own life.  







Chapter 617

“I’m here,” April held Chiffon’s hand as she channeled her power towards her daughter’s body.  

April had dual abilities. She could control the Earth Element as well as Spiritual Power. She harnessed the power of nature and used it to heal Chiffon’s injuries.

She rarely used this power because this was not her specialty. However, after seeing how much her daughter was suffering, April decided to heal her injuries with utmost care.

As she used her powers, the miasma that had remained dormant inside her body resurfaced. This was the reason why she was ill all the time. Her strength was slowly being sapped away by the miasma, and all she could do was to hold it at bay.

After seeing Chiffon’s state, April ignored her own hardship and used her power to heal her daughter, allowing the miasma to rampage inside her body.

Chiffon’s injuries were slowly recovering, and yet April’s own injuries were getting worse.  

Natasha saw this scene and laughed internally. She knew that April was barely keeping the miasma in her body at bay. If she were to use her powers again, there would be no turning back. This was the plan that they had concocted, so that they wouldn’t be blamed if anything happened to her.

Black blood spilled at the corner of April’s lips as she endured the pain in her body.  

Chiffon was not aware that her mother was currently suffering. Right now, the pink-haired little girl was being cradled by the Spirit of Nature that specialized in healing.  

It was easy to mend broken bones, and flesh, but treating miasma wasn’t something that Healing Magic could cure. Only powerful Oracles could use the power of Restoration to drive the miasma out of a person’s body.

Unfortunately, the Demonic Continent didn’t have an Oracle that sided with Lucien. All of them rejected his request to cure April many years ago. What Lucien didn’t know was that Natasha was responsible for this rejection.

She couldn’t allow April to regain her health and threaten her position as Lucien’s first wife. Fortunately for her, the most powerful of the Oracles was part of her family’s faction. The other Oracles belonged to the factions of Luciel’s other wives.

None of them wanted to see April’s rise, so they all united together to strangle her chance of survival.

After the healing ended, April spat a mouthful of black blood. Several black marks appeared on her skin, and they wiggled like little snakes that were crawling all over her body.

April gritted her teeth as she endured the miasma that was tearing her body apart. Chiffon’s injuries were now fully healed. She was about to thank her mother when she noticed that April’s expressions were very pale.

Also the black lines that were appearing on her body were slowly increasing.  

Alarmed by what was happening, Chiffon clung to April and cried. April gathered all of her willpower and forcefully suppressed the miasma inside her body.  

Several minutes passed and the black lines on April’s body disappeared. However, her complexion was as pale as a candle. Chiffon supported her body and took her back to the house where April stayed.

“Mama, we’re here, you’re going to be fine,” Chiffon said while sobbing.  

April was too weak to say anything. Instead she just squeezed her daughter’s hand firmly to show that she was fine.

“Mama, I read books in the library and found out about what marriage meant,” Chiffon said. For some reason, something was telling her that she needed to keep her mother awake at all cost. She remembered what her mother mentioned in passing, so she used this topic to talk to her.

April only smiled and weakly nodded her head.

“I’m still too young to marry, so Mama needs to watch over me and pick my future husband,” Chiffon said. “Help me find someone better than Papa. Someone who will not leave me alone and toss me to the side.”

A tear escaped April’s lips as she squeezed Chiffon’s hand. She could feel her life force slipping away from her body, and knew that her time had finally come. She looked at her pitiful daughter and felt her heart ache, not from the pain of the miasma, but the pain of leaving her behind to fend for herself.

“Mama, how many grandchildren do you like?” Chiffon asked. She was too young to realize that her mother was already at death’s door.  However, her instinct was telling her that she had to keep talking. She had to keep her mother awake at all costs.

“Two is good,” April forced herself to reply to her daughter’s inquiry.  

“Okay! I will have two children.”

“I can’t wait to meet them.”

April wasn’t able to stop the tears from falling. As her life was about to reach its end, she prayed. She prayed to any God that could hear her to have pity on her beloved daughter.  

William who was watching beside them felt his heart breaking. Somehow, he could hear April’s prayer that came from her heart.

“Chiffon…”

“Mama?”

“I love you.”

“Un! I love you too, Mama!”

April then turned her head to the side.  

“Take care of her,” April said. “Please, take care of my daughter.”

William didn’t know if this was just a coincidence, but April was facing him. You could even say that April was looking straight at him. It was as if she could see William’s soul.

“I… I will take care of her,” William replied with uncertainty. “I promise.”

“Thank you.” April smiled before she closed her eyes.

William and Chiffon felt a gentle breeze pass through them.  

Suddenly, the black lines on April’s body resurfaced. They covered her entire body until all of her turned pitch black.  

“Mama?” Chiffon felt the grip of her mother’s hand slacken and immediately realized that something wasn’t right. “Mama, what’s wrong?”

The pink-haired girl looked at the black lady who was lying on the bed. Chiffon shook her mother lightly, but April no longer reacted. Only the smile on her face remained. Perhaps it was due to William’s assurance, or perhaps it was her last attempt to assure her daughter that everything was going to be fine.

She remained smiling, until the end.

It was at this moment when the door of the room suddenly opened.  

Natasha and her cohorts entered with gloating faces. They had sensed April’s passing, but they still decided to take a better look to ensure that their rival was indeed dead.

After seeing the black, dead, Dwarf on the bed, Natasha sneered and even spat on her body.

“Good riddance!” Natasha said with contempt. “Guards, take Chiffon away and lock her up in her room. I will deal with this dead body myself!”

Chiffon, who was suddenly grabbed on both arms, panicked.  

“Let me go! My mother is not dead!” Chiffon cried out. “She’s just sleeping! She even said that she wanted to see her grandchildren!”

Natasha ignored her and went towards the bed. She then kicked April’s body, causing the deceased Dwarf to fall off from the bed.  

“Noooo! What are you doing?!” Chiffon shouted in anger. “Mama! Stop kicking Mama!”

Natasha and Luciel’s other wives kept on kicking April’s body, as if they were venting all the frustration they had held back all these years.

“Stop it!” William roared in anger. “Do you not have any respect towards the dead?!”

William even attempted to kick the ladies, but his attacks just passed through them. Although he knew that it was useless, his anger didn’t allow him to sit idly.

“Nooooooooo! Mama!” Chiffon shouted.  

She struggled and struggled, but the guards held her firmly in their grasp. A few minutes later, Chiffon stopped struggling as she lost consciousness. She wasn’t able to take what Natasha and her cohorts were doing to her mother, all she knew was that, at that point in time, her anger reached its limit and her world descended into darkness.

In the real world, the glow inside the crystal that was floating above Chiffon’s chest increased. Her Heart Devil was slowly taking hold of her heart and body.  

The old woman who was observing her and William chuckled.  

“A few more days, and this little girl’s heart will reach its limit,” the old woman said with a devilish smile on her wrinkled face. “She will be the final sacrifice that we need to gain our freedom. Finally, we can leave this wretched place.”

Up above the heavens, a sinister chuckle was heard. The Guardian of the floor agreed with his subordinate. It was only a matter of days before his thousand-years of waiting would meet its end.  

As long as he succeeded in absorbing Chiffon’s heart and Divinity, no one would be able to stand in his way.  







Chapter 618

Eleazar’s demonic head fell on the arena amidst the cheering of the crowd.  

The representative from the Demonic Continent had crossed many people because of his unmerciful display during the tournament. All the opponents he faced in battle were killed, which made the family and friends of the contestants out for his blood.  

Unlike his previous battles, Kenneth didn’t have an easy time because Eleazar was indeed a very powerful fighter. As a representative of the demon race that was bred for slaughter, the elf had no choice but to end the match as soon as possible.  

Kenneth didn’t allow Eleazar to use his dirty tricks and other underhanded methods. The crowds applauded the elf for killing the Demon whom they wished to kill with their own hands.

Zagarl looked unperturbed even when the last candidate from the Demon Continent died. This demeanor made the rulers of the Central Continent frown. They had long noticed the seeming indifferent attitude of the Demonic General in regards to the young prodigy of the Demon Race.

It was as if they were just sending cannon fodders, instead of prodigies to participate in the Tournament of Champions.

Even Emperor Leonidas thought that something was wrong, but there was no way to pry any answers from Zagarl. As the right hand man of the Demon Lord, he was not someone that was easy to deal with.

After Kenneth’s Victory, two of the main divisions finally had their semifinalists.

—–

Bracket A  

– Jason Hal Kraetor

Bracket B

– Kenneth Xin Ashleigh  

—–

After a ten-minute break, the fighters of Bracket C walked towards their battling stage.

Ephemera Fortuna stood tall at the center of the arena. She was one of the crowd favorites that hailed from the Gunnar Federation.

The Gunnar Federation was composed of several kingdoms that had united under one banner, which gave birth to the only Federation in the world of Hestia.  

Her birth country was the Kingdom of Edelweiss. It was a kingdom known to foster Magic Swordsmen who specialized in both swordplay and various types of magic.

Her opponent, Sylvanus Rah, hailed from the Dwarven Empire known as the Halle Empire. Among the various Empires in the Central Continent, no one could beat them when it came to craftsmanship.  

Weapons, armor, artifacts, accessories, and other miscellaneous items that came from the Halle Empire were hot commodities in the Central Continent. No one dared to attack them because the dwarves were notorious for their advanced military weaponry.

They had made entire mountains their fortresses, and their ferocity in battle was recognized by all the races that shared their borders.  

Sylvanus raised a giant hammer that was at least twice the size of his body. With just a glance, one could tell that it was a very deadly weapon that could crush boulders with a single strike.

Some of the audience hoped that the beauty from the Gunner Federation wouldn’t suffer too much at the hands of the dwarf who had a confident smile on his face.

“Girl, why don’t you surrender now?” Sylvanus asked. “I’m not confident that I will be able to hold back once I start swinging my hammer.”

Ephemera smiled at the dwarf who was showing concern for her.

“Thank you for the offer, but I have to pass,” Ephemera replied. “Feel free to swing your hammer as much as you like. Even if I die, my family or my people will not find any trouble for you.”

Sylvanus sighed and nodded his head. Since his offer was rejected then there was no other choice but to fight.  

Ephemera pulled out the Rapier from her scabbard. The thin golden blade was quite eye-catching. Those who didn’t have an eye for weapons would think that the beautiful lady’s weapon was just for show. However, those who were veterans in the battlefield could tell that this blade had already claimed countless lives.  

It was not a sword for special ceremonies, but a true sword meant for killing.  

Sylvanus’ expression became serious when he saw Ephemera’s sword. In the previous matches, she only used an ordinary rapier as her weapon. For her to take out her soul-bound weapon meant that she was taking this fight seriously.

The judge glanced at both participants and raised his hand.

“Battle Start!” the referee shouted before retreating outside of the arena.

Sylvanus slammed his hammer on the ground, and something unexpected happened. The tiles under his feet rose up in the air and transformed into an Earth Dragon that was over ten meters long.

“Gaia Force!” Sylvanus roared.

The Earth Dragon opened its mouth and released a concentrated ball of Earth Energy.  

The referee made several hand seals and five barriers surrounding the arena appeared simultaneously. He had estimated that this particular attack could be blown out of proportion, and might endanger the audience’s lives.

Although several protective measures were set in place, they didn’t want to take any chances and opted for the safest option.

Ephemera stood straight like a sword as the Energy Blast that looked like a miniature sun descended upon her.

“Exterminegra Imperfi!” Ephemera shouted as she slashed forward.  

The golden blade shone brightly. A few moments later, a giant sword that was over six-meters long sliced the Earth Dragon’s attack in half.

A powerful explosion resounded within the arena as the barriers took the brunt of the attack.  

Ephemera’s long purple hair fluttered in the breeze, and her light-red eyes glowed in power. She had a determined look on her face, which made her beauty shine even more.  

Sylvanus smirked as he slammed the ground with his hammer for the second time. Just like what happened earlier, another Earth Dragon formed above the dwarven prodigy.

“Gaia Tempest!” Sylvanus ordered.

The two Earth Dragons floated high above the arena before unleashing two Dragon Breaths that were imbued with Earth Spikes.  

“Deflectundis Angelegra,” Ephemera calmly chanted as she took a defensive position. The Giant Golden Sword transformed into a four-layered, golden shield that was over three meters tall.  

The collision between the dragon breaths and the shield caused another powerful explosion.  

The ground under Ephemera’s feet was crushed as she withstood the might of Sylvanus’ Earth Dragons. Half a minute later, she skidded a few meters away from where she stood.  

The Dragon Breath of two Earth Dragons was not something that any ordinary sword mage could block. Even though these beasts were created by Sylvanus’ ability, their firepower was not in any way inferior to real Earth Dragons.  

A smile appeared on Ephemera’s face as she held her ground from the powerful attack. Flashes of golden light appeared all over her body as she activated her Virtue.

“Right is right even if everyone is against it,” Ephemera said softly. “Wrong is wrong even if everyone is for it.”

Two golden wings sprouted behind her back, and the shield in her hand grew in size.

“I will fight for what I believe in,” Ephemera roared. “This is my justice!”

With a powerful flap of her wings, Ephemera flew towards Sylvanus with the golden shield in front of her. Seeing that his opponent intended to bash him with her shield, the dwarven warrior pulled back his hammer and prepared for one mighty swing.

“Earth Smash!” Sylvanus swung with all of his might.

A resounding ringing sound echoed across the arena as the giant hammer and the golden shield met. It was as if a giant bell had been struck, causing it to emit a ringing sound that rang unimpeded.

“This is a battle worthy of the Semifinal round,” Empress Andraste commented as the corner of her lips curled up into a smile.  

The rulers also nodded their heads in agreement.  

A brief moment later, a loud cracking sound spread across the Grand Coliseum. The barriers that were holding back the chaotic powers within the arena were starting to break.

Emperor Leonidas raised his scepter at the exact moment the barriers broke. Fortunately, the Emperor had already erected several other barriers that protected the audience from the aftershock of the powerful collision between two strong fighters.

“Extermiite Gargantinius!”

A giant golden sword slashed the two Earth Dragons hovering in the air in half, before descending towards the ground.  

Not long after, a loud grunt was heard. A figure flew out of the arena, hitting the barrier in place.  

Sylvanus coughed a mouthful of blood before his body slid down towards the ground. His armor was in tatters, and he was seriously injured. Fortunately, he would live to see another day as the Clerics of the Kraetor Empire rushed in his direction.  

Ephemera flicked her rapier to the side before sheathing it back to its scabbard. Her clothes were a bit dirty, but aside from that, she was fine.

The crowds cheered for the victor without waiting for the referee’s announcement. The latter shook his head helplessly, but he still raised his hand to do his job.

“The Winner of this match is Ephemera Fortuna!” the referee declared. “She will now proceed to the Semi-Finals!”

The purple-haired beauty gave a curtsy to the audience before leaving the arena.  

On the way to the resting area, she saw Lilith with a smirk on her face.

“So, Justice has come to the Central Continent,” Lilith said in a casual manner. “Where are the rest of your compatriots?”

“That’s none of your business, you sinful lady,” Ephemera replied as she walked past her. “I’ll wait for you in the finals.”

“Confident aren’t we? I suppose I will meet you there, but only if you win your next match.”

“Of course I will win. Justice always wins.”







Chapter 619

Lilith didn’t reply to the arrogant lady’s words. Instead she chuckled as if what Ephemera said was the biggest joke of the year.

The Amazon Princess walked towards the arena with a spring in her step. Ephemera’s battle had fanned the flames of rivalry in her blood, and she was very eager to show everyone what she was capable of.

Kenneth sighed internally. “Looks like winning this tournament isn’t going to be easy.”

His gaze landed on Ephemera for a brief moment before landing on Lily’s sun-kissed body. He already knew that the two ladies were powerful, but both of them were still keeping their trump cards hidden.

Kenneth understood that he had to go all out if he wanted to win. However, by doing so, it would expose a few things that he wanted to keep hidden.

“Fortunately, Will isn’t here,” Kenneth muttered.  

Of all people, he didn’t want William to see him going all out. Since the Half-Elf was not around, he could fight to his heart’s content without worrying about the consequences.

‘I will win,’ Kenneth declared in his heart. ‘Not only will I win, I will also complete the promise I made to my Master back at the Silvermoon Continent.’

As the silver-haired teenager made a vow in his heart. Princess Sidonie and Ian observed Lilith closely.

“Are you sure?” Ian asked.  

“Yes,” Princess Sidonie replied.

The Princess of Freesia was one of the Seven Deadly Sins. They had the inborn talent to sense the presence of other sins in their immediate vicinity.  

“That girl carries a Sin,” Princess Sidonie stated. “A very troublesome Sin.”

Ian snorted from the side. “All the Sins are troublesome. I don’t know if it’s my good or bad luck to be surrounded by ticking bombs that could explode at any moment.”

Princess Sidonie smiled sweetly. She also agreed with Ian. All the sins were troublesome. Even she didn’t think that she would get the chance to meet the members of her faction so soon after arriving in the Central Continent.  

< Fortunately, Darling isn’t here. We don’t have to worry about him being sniffed out by that troublesome b*tch! >

Princess Sidonie nodded. The Amazon Princess was a troublesome character. If William was here, he would definitely be in danger. After all, the Amazons were always in the lookout for strong individuals to mate with them.

Since Lilith was the Princess of the Amazon Race, her standards were very high. Princess Sidonie and Morgana thanked their lucky stars that William was currently inside the Tower of Babylon.

They even wished that William would stay there until the Amazon Delegation had left the Kraetor Empire. That was the only way to prevent Lilith and him from meeting each other.

Empress Andraste who was seated not far from Emperor Leonidas took the initiative to ask her acquaintance a question. Her informers had come out empty handed these past few days that she had spent in the Kraetor Empire. Because of this, she thought that Emperor Leonidas was purposely hiding someone from him.

It was not only the Empress of the Amazon Race that came empty handed. What happened on the Southern Continent might have been kept confidential from the masses, but the rulers were quite aware of what had transpired during the period of time when the Southern Continent was closed off from the rest of the world.  

They had come to the Kraetor Empire with the intention of scouting the Half-Elf that was born between the union of the Dungeon Conqueror and Saintess of the World Tree.

“Emperor Leonidas, I believe that there is a red-headed teenager that is currently residing in your domain,” Empress Andraste said with a smile. “I believe his name is William. If possible, I’d like to meet him.”

Emperor Leonidas glanced at his acquaintance with a calm expression. “William? Are you talking about the fiance of my granddaughter?”

“Yes. Where is he?”

“He’s not here.”

Empress Andraste frowned. She thought that Emperor Leonidas would pretend that he didn’t know about William’s existence. The Amazon Empress was prepared to hear her peer’s excuses, but instead of lying, the Emperor answered her without hiding anything.

“Where is he?” Empress Andraste asked. “I am very interested in the boy. If possible, I want to invite him to my Empire for a vacation.”

The rulers who heard Empress Andraste’s words cursed her internally.

Invite him to your Empire for a vacation?

More like you were planning to invite him in order to participate in an orgy!

All of them had known the Amazon Empress for a long time. They knew that she would not bat an eye to drug, drag, and incapacitate any promising men that she could take back to her Empire in order to mate with her Amazon warriors.

“William? He’s busy clearing the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon,” Emperor Leonidas replied.

Empress Andraste, Zagarl, and the other rulers of the Central Continent all snorted in disdain.  

Clearing the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon?

What a joke!

If it was that easy to clear the Devil’s Floor, all of them would have cleared it long ago.  

“You should make a better excuse next time,” Empress Andraste snapped at the old bastard. “Stop making things up and just spill the beans. Where is the boy?”

Emperor Leonidas smirked as he looked at the annoyed Amazon Empress.  

“I already said that he is clearing the 51st Floor,” Emperor Leonidas answered. “It’s up to you whether to believe it or not.”

Emperor Leonidas knew that even if he explained, none of his peers would believe him. All of them had long given up climbing the tower, so the Rulers’ reactions were understandable.  

Unfortunately, he was telling the truth.  

Even he wanted to know what is currently happening to the boy. Just like everyone else, he didn’t believe that William could conquer the 51st Floor.  

All of them had failed, so how could a teenager, who had just come of age, possibly be able to do what they couldn’t accomplish?

Emperor Leonidas shifted his attention back to the arena. It was no use thinking about things that were outside of his control.  

Whether William would be able to return or not was up to the Gods. it was not his place to question the things that were going inside Aamon’s head.







Chapter 620

“Worthless thing!” Chiffon’s father, Luciel, kicked the little girl until she slammed into the wall.  

Chiffon fell on the ground, unconscious. Blood flowed out of her mouth and dyed the floor red.

“Husband, you should just get rid of that girl,” Natasha said. “If you like, you can just give her to one of your generals as a plaything. She’s still young, but she still has a pretty face. Give her a few years and she will serve well as a bed warmer to one of your loyal men. I’m sure tha–”

A resounding slap echoed across the room. Natasha wasn’t able to finish her words before she, too, slammed into the wall.  

“Do you think I don’t know that it is you who schemed behind April’s back?” Luciel took a step forward. “Did you not think that I would find out? Or were you confident that because you have the backing of your family, I would not lay my hands on you?”

Luciel sneered as he stomped on Natasha’s hand, breaking all of its bones.

“Ahhhhhhhhhh!” Natasha screamed, and this screamed made all of Luciel’s other wives back away in fear.  

“Mother!” Felix shouted. Just as he was about to come to her aid, a pair of blood-shot eyes froze him in his place.

“You want to save her?” Luciel sneered. “Go on. Come. I dare you to save her.”

Felix felt all the hair on his body stood on end. His survival instinct was telling him that if he dared to take a step forward, his life would come to an end. His pants became wet as he lost control of his body functions.

Such was the fright he received from his own father who was not looking at him as a son, but a mongrel that he could kill any time he pleased.  

Luciel waved his hand and Felix was pulled towards him. He then grabbed the boy’s neck and raised him in the air.

The boy struggled, for he was unable to breath. Seeing that Luciel was serious about killing her son, Natasha begged and pleaded for forgiveness.

If she only knew that Luciel’s feelings for April were this strong, she wouldn’t have schemed against Chiffon’s mother, causing her to die.  

The pink-haired girl who was lying on the ground opened her eyes and came upon this scene. This was the first time that she saw her father this angry.  

Chiffon’s injuries were slowly starting to regenerate. Although it wasn’t as fast as the regeneration ability of Hydras, Mountain Trolls, and Trollhounds, it was still good enough to help her recover from the injury that she had received earlier.

When April sacrificed her life to heal Chiffon’s injuries, she used all of her powers to imbue her body with a regeneration ability. If her life was in great danger, this regeneration ability would activate, healing her injuries at a faster rate.

Luciel glanced down and noticed Chiffon was already awake. It was then when an idea came to his head. He released his hold on Felix’s body allowing the boy to drop to the ground.  

The eldest among his sons gasped for air, and Natasha hurried to his side, protecting him with her body.

“Forgive me,” Natasha said. “I am willing to compensate for my wrongdoings. Just say the word, I will ask my family to surrender half of our wealth to you!”

Luciel ignored her and grabbed her hair, making Natasha scream in pain. He then pried Felix out of her grasp and tossed the young boy aside.

“Only one of you will get to live today,” Luciel declared. He then looked at his son who was looking back at him in fear and sneered. “Boy, do you want to live?”

“I do!” Felix replied. He was afraid that if he didn’t reply right away, his father would crush his neck, ending his fifteen years of existence.  

Luciel then threw Natasha in front of his son with indifference.

“Kill her,” Luciel ordered. “I will only give you fifteen heartbeats to do it. If you still haven’t killed her by then, I will kill you.”

Felix looked at his mother with a complicated expression. Natasha looked back at her son in tears. She understood that Luciel wasn’t joking. One of them would die today, and if it was not her, it would be none other than her son.

“You monster!” Natasha summoned all of her strength and attacked Luciel with everything she had.

Rather than having her own son kill her, she would rather die by Luciel’s hand. She was still his mother, how could she possibly allow Felix to bear the burden of killing his own mother?

Luciel snorted, but he didn’t move from where he stood. Natasha’s dagger drew an arc in the air with the intention to cut off her husband’s head. However, before her dagger could even make contact, a sword blade pierced right through her chest.

Natasha stared at the blade on her chest in disbelief before looking at her husband’s face who was looking at her with contempt.

She didn’t need to turn around to know the identity of the person who stabbed her in the back. How could she possibly not know?

Bitter tears streamed down the side of her face as she fell on the ground.

“F-Father, I did what you told me,” Felix stuttered. “I killed Mother. This is what you want, right?”

Luciel gave his son a brief nod, “Good. You did well, Felix.”

Felix wanted to smile, but his face distorted in pain as he looked at his dying mother. Natasha didn’t know how brutal her husband was because she had never seen that side of him. However, Felix did.

He had been with his father on a few expeditions and fully understood what kind of man he was. If he really hesitated to kill his mother, his father would not only kill her, but kill him as well.  

That is the character of the Demon who stood above all of the others. The one that ruled the Demonic Continent.

The one and only Demon Lord, Luciel Hal Gremory.  

“She’s still alive,” Luciel frowned. “Finish her.”

“… Yes,” Felix replied. He didn’t want his mother to suffer, so this time, he imbued his blade with magic power and stabbed her chest.

Natasha didn’t resist as she stared at her son. As the last vestige of her life seeped away from her body, she regretted everything she did.  

She was Luciel’s Main Wife.  

The Lady of their household.

Her position had already been secure, so why did she have to bother with a dying woman? Even if she hadn’t schemed against April, the dwarf would, at most, have only lived another two to three years. She died with her eyes open, filled with regret and unwillingness.

Felix sobbed as he kneeled beside his mother. He pressed his palm over her eyes and closed them. This was the last thing he could do for his birth mother.

The other women who were holding their children close shivered in fear. They had also participated in April’s demise. If Luciel were to really investigate the matter, they would also be punished for being her accomplice.

Luciel looked down at the dead woman under his feet. Without any respect for the dead, he kicked Natasha’s corpse towards Chiffon.

“Eat,” Luciel ordered.

Chiffon looked angrily at the dead woman who had killed her mother. Even though Natasha was already dead, her anger didn’t decrease. Instead, it had increased. The pink-haired-girl angrily bit the corpse’s hand.  

She devoured it like a wild animal who feasted on the prey that it had caught. Natasha’s arm followed next. After that it was her head. Chiffon devoured her with anger. Her eyes glowed in hatred as the tears in her eyes flowed like rain.

William watched this scene while gnashing his teeth.  

Right now, he was only an observer. He was powerless to do anything because he knew that this event had already transpired. It was a memory that Chiffon had locked deep inside her heart.  

It was quite unfortunate that the Heart Devil was making these painful memories rise to the surface, in order to break Chiffon’s willpower.  

In the outside world, the floating crystal hovering above Chiffon’s chest increased its radiance. It was vastly different from William’s, whose crystal had remained dormant.  

Although the old woman and the Guardian of the 51st Floor found this strange, they didn’t think too much about it. Their target was Chiffon, so regardless of what happened to William’s Heart Devil, neither of them cared.

After Chiffon finished eating Natasha, Luciel walked towards her and picked her up like a puppy. He then carried her daughter towards the house where April used to stay.

Coincidentally, Luciel arrived half a day after April died. His wives panicked when he arrived, so they didn’t have the time to dispose of her remains. They just left April on the floor, and locked the door of her room. They hoped that Luciel wouldn’t bother to look for her, so they kept things as it is.

What they didn’t know was that Luciel was in possession of April’s Life crystal. The moment she died, the Demon Lord rushed back from his hunt. Although he had left her alone for so many years, she was still, after all, the first woman he loved.  

It was impossible not to feel anything after the first love of his life had died.

“Eat her,” Luciel ordered as he dropped Chiffon beside her mother’s blackened corpse. “She can’t be buried in the Demonic Continent because her body will corrupt the land. Eat her, so that her remains will not be harmed by anyone ever again.”

Chiffon looked at her beloved mother. She kneeled on the floor and hugged the corpse. A moment later, her sad cries permeated inside the room.  

Luciel became irritated and threatened her that if she didn’t eat April’s body, he would have her corpse chopped to pieces and thrown in the sea to feed the fishes.  

Because of this threat, Chiffon decided to do as he ordered. But, she didn’t devour April like she did to Natasha.  

Chiffon opened her lips and sucked Natasha’s body inside her mouth. She didn’t chew, and just swallowed her mother’s whole body.  

This was one of Chiffon’s saddest memories, and the Devil that was slowly corrupting her heart laughed out loud.  

It fed on her despair, anguish, sadness, loneliness, and fears.  

The moment Chiffon finished devouring her mother, the scenery around her changed.

She found herself in a familiar place, staring at a red-haired teenager who was standing in the center of a crowd. Chiffon’s eyes became a bit dull, as part of her memories were taken away.  

The little girl had a feeling that she knew who the young man was, but no matter how much she searched her memories, she just couldn’t remember his name.

In the outside world, a cracking sound was heard.  

A small crack appeared in the red crystal that hovered above Chiffon’s chest. It was the sign that her heart would soon reach its limit.

And when it does, her consciousness, and all of her memories, would also be erased completely.







Chapter 621

William Von Ainsworth, that was his name.  

I came to know about it after I mustered my courage and asked for his name. Strange, it was such a good name, how did I forget it? How could I possibly forget the name of the person, who extended his hand to me when I needed it the most?

Okay! This time, I will not forget his name. I will remember it with all of my heart!

“Big Brother, when are we going to leave?” I asked. “I don’t have much luggage with me, so we can leave anytime.”

Big Brother, Ian, and Princess Sidonie looked at me at the same time.

Um? Why are the three of you looking at me like that? Isn’t it a given that I will follow Big Brother wherever he goes?

From what I could gather from our earlier conversation, he was planning to climb a tower named Babylon. This was the first time that I had heard about such a place, but that didn’t matter. As long as I was with Big Brother, any place we went would be wonderful!

“We?” Big Brother looked at me with a dumbfounded expression. “Sorry, Chiffon. I will not be taking you with me either.”

I tilted my head in confusion, because I thought that I misheard Big Brother’s words.

“You’re not taking me?” I asked.

“No,” Big Brother answered. “Stay here in the academy with Ian and Sidonie. They will look after you while I’m away.”

I didn’t know what expression I was making, nor did I care. Only Big Brother’s rejection echoed in my mind.  

‘Why? I’ve been a good girl. I did everything right. Why are you leaving me behind?’  

These were the things that I wanted to say out loud, but I wasn’t able to do it. I felt light headed, and Big Brother’s next words made me feel as if the ground under my feet was being torn apart.

‘Did he say that he is going to be away for a month? What will I do then? Wait for him to return? What if he doesn’t return? What if he just leaves me behind?’  

‘Am I going to be abandoned once again? No! I didn’t want to be alone! I don’t want to be alone!’

It was at that precise moment when I felt a gaping hole inside my heart. This was similar to the feeling I had when my mother died. This was the feeling of parting with someone forever.

“Big Brother, you’re going to leave me?” I asked in a desperate attempt to convince Big Brother to take me with him to the Tower of Babylon. “You’re going to leave me alone?”

I watched as Big Brother wiped away the tears in my eyes, and assured me that Ian and Princess Sidonie would look after me.

But, I didn’t want them to look after me. I only want to be with Big Brother.  

My mother once told me what falling in love felt like. She said that love was a feeling that makes you feel that you were unable to live without that person by your side. Being apart from the one you love would make your heart ache.  

Simply put, it was a painful experience.

Yes. It is very painful. Right now, I feel like my heart is breaking.

‘I don’t want Big Brother to leave me,’ I thought. Deep inside, I know that there was only one thing that I could do in order to make Big Brother and I stay by each other’s side forever.

Yes. There was only one way.

Just thinking about it made me feel hungry.

‘Big Brother… I want to eat you…’

That was the last thought in my head before Big Brother grabbed hold of me and took me to a place I hadn’t seen before.

The place was very beautiful. There was a house near the sea, and it gave me a very relaxing feeling.

‘Um? Big Brother? Where are you going? Why are you running away? Don’t run. Let me just take a bite, I promise it won’t hurt!’

When I came around, I couldn’t see anything. I thought I still had my eyes closed, so I opened them wide.

But, nothing changed.

Darkness…

Darkness as far as I could see…

It was one of the saddest things in my memories…

I didn’t know how long I stayed in that dark, and lonely world.

It could have been a few minutes.

It could have been hours.

Days…

Months…

Perhaps, even years had passed.

I wanted to lay down, close my eyes, and just sleep forever. Maybe the next time I opened my eyes, I would be with my mother again. I missed her terribly. If possible, I wanted to be with her again.

As I was about to lay down on the ground, I saw light in the distance. The light was very small, just like the light of a candle that could disappear at any moment.  

‘It must be an illusion,’ I thought. ‘I should just lie down and sleep.’

However, the light expanded and it was drawing closer to me.

When I saw that familiar red hair, and those beautiful green eyes filled with worry, I felt like crying.

That’s what I did.  

I cried.

Not long after that, I found myself enclosed in a tight embrace.  

It felt warm, it felt nice, it felt safe, it felt like love.

“Big Brother, please, don’t leave me,” I pleaded. My voice sounded very weak because I felt really exhausted. In fact, if Big Brother wasn’t supporting me, I would definitely collapse on the ground due to how weak my knees were.  

“I promise that I’ll be a good girl, so, please, don’t leave me behind.” I held him as tightly as I could, but I didn’t have enough strength. I could feel my grip weakening, and my consciousness was failing me.

Just before I closed my eyes to sleep, I heard Big Brother’s words that were filled with tenderness.

“Okay. I won’t leave you behind. I promise,” Big Brother replied. I could feel his embrace getting tighter. It was as if he was unwilling to let me go.

‘Big Brother, I think I am really in love with you.’

That was the last thing I thought before I fell asleep in his embrace.

—–

The Guardian who was observing Chiffon from the Heavens smiled. He could tell that the pink-haired girl was at the last phase of her Heart Devil. The red crystal floating above her chest was now littered with cracks.  

The light inside it was very bright. Bright enough to illuminate the desolate plane where he currently resided.  

The Final Phase of the Heart Devil was to make the person feel very happy, at least, for a brief period of time.  

When that happiness reached a turning point, that was when the Heart Devil would strike, and shatter that happiness into a thousand pieces.

The Guardian pointed his finger, and a red beam of light shot out from its tip. This beam hit Chiffon’s red crystal and made it glow brighter.  

The Guardian was multiplying the power of the Heart Devil, to ensure that when Chiffon’s heart finally broke, her body and soul would completely belong to him.







Chapter 622

Just as everyone expected, the Amazon Princess, Lilith, won her match with relative ease. It was not because she had it easy, but things happened during the fight that nobody was able to explain.

Whenever her opponent, Luther, was about to deliver a deadly blow, the weapon in his hand would be pried loose from his grip, breaking the momentum of his strike.  

Every time this happened, Luna would deliver a deadly strike of her own which rendered the challenger from the Gunnar Federation unable to make a comeback. In the end, Lilith kicked her opponent off the stage, ending the match in her favor.

With her victory, the Final Four were now headed to the Semifinal Matches.

– Jason Hal Kraetor (Kraetor Empire)

– Kenneth Xin Ashleigh (Silvermoon Continent)

– Ephemera Fortuna – Gunnar Federation (Edelweiss)

– Lilith Lynn – Ares Empire (Amazon)

Princess Sidonie sighed when she saw the final outcome of the match. Two of the people she disliked had made it to the Semifinals.

One of them was a Prince that wanted to make her his bride.

The other was someone who wanted to break her engagement with William.

Both of them wanted different things, and yet, the end goal was still the same. Their goal was to separate the beautiful Princess from the person she loved.

Ian, who understood what Sidonie was thinking, shook her head helplessly. It had been a few days since they had lost contact with William and Chiffon. Both of them were getting worried, but there was nothing they could do about it.

They even asked the residents of the Thousand Beast Domain if they heard any news from the two. Unfortunately, none of them knew what the Shepherd’s current circumstances were.  

“The Semifinals will be held tomorrow,” Ian said in a low voice. “Perhaps Prince Jason and Kenneth will face each other. If that happens, one of your worries will disappear.”

They were currently inside the VIP box for the Kraetor Royal Family, so she didn’t dare let the other Princes and Princesses hear her words. That might cause complications in the future, so she decided to play it safe.

Princess Sidonie sighed for the second time before nodding her head.

“Ephemera is quite strong. Princess Lilith, on the other hand, is a crafty and opportunistic fighter. I’m sure that they will prove troublesome to their opponents,” Ian added.

“I wish that Ephemera and Lilith will fight against those two annoying people in separate matches and eliminate them,” Princess Sidonie replied. “That way, the representative of the Gunner Federation and the Amazon Princess will be the ones competing in the Finals.”

Ian chuckled as she looked at the beautiful girl beside her. Princess Sidonie didn’t mince her words and said what was on her mind. Not to mention, she didn’t bother to lower her voice, which made the people in the Kraetor Empire VIP Box look at her with complicated expressions on their faces.

Although Prince Maximilian was at odds with Prince Jason, he was someone that could look at the bigger picture. This was the grandest tournament that had happened in the past decade, and it would be a great honor if a representative of their Empire had won the championship.  

Princess Vanessa was also troubled because of this outcome as well. She loved Prince Jason, so naturally she wished for him to win. This was what every woman wished for their beloved. However, she also knew the reason why the Prince joined the Tournament.

If Prince Jason won the tournament, he would ask for the Emperor to make Princess Sidonie his bride, which was something Princess Vanessa didn’t want to see.  

As for the other Princes’ and Princesses’ they wished for their cousin to win the tournament. That way their pride as the members of the Royal Family would be remembered by all the powerful factions that vied for supremacy in the Central Continent.

The next day, the Grand Coliseum was jam packed with people. All the seats were occupied, and several flying artifacts were used to accommodate those who wished to watch the show, above the arena grounds.

Several viewing crystals were also arranged outside of the Grand Coliseum to allow those who weren’t able to get inside, to watch the matches in real time.  

Emperor Leonidas stood on a raised platform and addressed the audience with a smile.

“Today, four of the powerhouses of the current generation will fight for the honor of their homeland,” Emperor Leonidas said. “Among them, only two will remain and they will advance to the finals. Great rewards await the final victor of this tournament. So without further delays, I present to you the Final Four of the Tournament of Champions!!”

As if waiting for the Emperor to finish his words, a powerful roar was heard from the sky.

Everyone looked up and saw a white blur descending from the heavens.  

It was none other than a White Tiger, and seated on its back was a handsome young man with short blonde hair and blue eyes. He had a confident smile on his face, which made the ladies look at him fondly.  

The Kraetorians cheered for their Prince who looked so imposing in his full battle regalia. Prince Jason landed in the center of the arena and raised his fist as if proclaiming his victory in the tournament.  

Amidst the cheers, and whistling, an arrogant shriek spread across the Grand Coliseum. The audience wasn’t able to stop themselves from gasping in shock when they saw a giant bird swoop down from the sky.  

A giant bird with a wing span of twenty meters circled the grand coliseum twice. It was a Roc that served as the flying beast of the Amazon Royal Family. Lilith giggled and jumped off its back when the bird flew down the arena.  

She raised her head arrogantly because she was able to shut everyone up with her entrance.

Empress Andraste had a smirk on her face when she saw the antics of her daughter. Clearly, she was very happy with her performance, and decided to forgive her for taking the Empress’ Roc without permission.

While the audience were trying to recover their bearings, two more creatures appeared and circled the Grand Coliseum from the West and the East.  

One was black, the other white.

Ephemera grinned as her Alicorn flew above the audience’s heads, creating gusts of winds in its wake, as it flew clockwise on the arena.  

(A/N: Alicorns are Winged Unicorns, or Pegasus with horns. They are born from the union of Pegasus and Unicorns.)

Opposite her, a black fox with four tails, and a silver crescent moon on its head flew in a counter-clockwise direction. Kenneth sat on its back with a calm expression on his face.  

When the Alicorn and the Black Fox finished their circuit, the two magical beasts dove down into the arena. Their two passengers jumped at the same time and landed perfectly on the ground.

A thunderous applause broke out, which put a smile on Emperor Leonidas’ face. This was the first time that his Empire had hosted such a grand event, and he was quite satisfied with the preparations that his subordinates had made for the Semifinals.

Kasogonaga, who was seated on top of a Golden Dragon’s head, snorted. They were perched on one of the pillars of the Grand Coliseum and were watching the festivities from their own VIP Seat.  

“Let’s go Garganta!” Kasogonaga ordered. “We won’t lose to those puny mortals. Let us show them something truly memorable!”

Garganta didn’t know whether to laugh or cry when he heard the rainbow-colored Anteater’s orders. Even if he had recognized Kasogonaga as its boss, it didn’t dare to follow its command blindly.

It knew that if they were to steal the limelight of the contestants, they would be immediately kicked out of the Grand Coliseum. Not only that, there was a possibility that both of them would be locked up in the Bestiary until the competition ended.

“Let’s go!” Kasogonaga repeated its orders with its cute voice. “Don’t worry. I’ll take full responsibility!”

The rainbow colored Anteater stomped its adorable foot on the Golden Dragon’s head to urge it to go.  

‘Responsibility? What responsibility?’ Garganta thought. ‘When trouble arrives, you will just hole yourself up in that domain of yours, and leave me to clean up your mess!’

In order to preserve World Peace, Garganta pretended that it didn’t hear its boss orders. It would rather get scolded by the Rainbow Anteater than be beaten up to a pulp by the Elite Warriors of the Kraetor Empire!







Chapter 623

After the impressive entrance ceremony, three of the four contestants were each given a dart of different colors. Prince Jason wasn’t given any because his grandfather had already told him what he was planning to do for the Semifinals.  

There was nothing special about the darts, except for the fact that it would decide who their opponents would be.

In order to make the match as fair as possible, Emperor Leonidas decided to choose this method of pairing the contestants with each other. This way, no one would say that he had rigged the tournament and chose an advantageous opponent for his grandson.

A spinning board with the design of a Yin and Yang appeared at the edge of the arena. Although the four contestants already had an idea on what they would do with the dart in their hands, they still waited for Emperor Leonidas to explain the mechanics of the Semifinals.

“When that spinning wheel starts to spin, the three of you will throw your darts,” Emperor Leonidas explained. “If two darts land on the same color then the owners of the darts will fight each other in the Semifinal round.

“If all three darts landed on the same color, we will base it on which ones landed first. Of course, the one who didn’t get a pair would be matched against my grandson. Do the three of you have any other questions?”

Lilith smiled because the method the Emperor used for the Semifinal Match was fool proof.  

‘As expected of Emperor Leonidas,’ Lilith thought. ‘He surely knows how to appear fair and just on the surface.’

She had to admit that she didn’t expect this kind of method would be used for the pairings. In truth, she wanted to fight Ephemera in the Semifinals. Lilith believed that among the four of them, she was the weakest.

Of course, this was just Lilith’s excuse.  

The truth was that she didn’t like the Seven Virtues. Ephemera represented Justice, and just like the name suggested, she only believed in her own Justice. Even if she was in the wrong, she would insist that she was in the right.

Lilith had long wanted to beat the crap out of one of the Seven Virtues, and Ephemera was her first target.

Prince Jason crossed his arm over his chest. He didn’t care who his opponent was, because he was confident that as long as he had Aamon’s artifact he would win the tournament.

Emperor Leonidas and the rulers of the various factions had a meeting a day ago about the artifact that Prince Jason was using. Surprisingly, the representative of the Gunnar Federation, and the Silvermoon Continent didn’t care whether Prince Jason had an artifact that would boost him to the Saint Rank.

For them, this was something trivial and they weren’t worried about it. Even Empress Andraste didn’t comment about the issue. Because of this, no one raised an issue about the bracelet that the Prince of the Kraetor Empire used during his last battle.

Since the representatives were fine with it, there was no longer any need for discussion.

The first one to throw the dart was Ephemera. Not wanting to be outdone, Lilith threw hers as well.  

Kenneth was the third to throw. He didn’t really care who he would end up fighting up against. For him, no matter who his opponent was, he would strive to come out as the victor.

In time, the spinning wheel slowed down, showing the pairings of the matches.

Kenneth’s and Ephemera’s darts landed on the black portion of the spinning wheel. Lilith’s dart landed only a centimeter away from Ephemera’s dart, but it had hit the white area. With this, the pairings had been made, and no one would be able to find fault in the outcome.

Prince Jason glanced at the Amazon Princess who was going to be his opponent. Lilith was an Amazon Warrior and her body was filled with vitality and strength. Even so, her womanly curves were still present. Not only that, her sun-kissed skin was quite appealing as well.

Perhaps if Prince Jason wasn’t dead set on Princess Sidonie, he would consider Lilith as a potential bride candidate. The Prince raised his head to look at the seats where the Kraetor Royal Family was located.

His gaze briefly stopped on Princess Vanessa before shifting to the beautiful Princess with long reddish-brown hair. Even though they were far apart, he could tell that Princess Sidonie wasn’t looking in his direction.

This made him feel a bit irritated, but soon, this irritation disappeared without a trace. Prince Jason knew that when his match started, his beloved Princess would have no choice but to watch his fight.

He intended to show his best performance in order to win her heart.

“Who among you wants to fight first?” the referee asked the four contestants. “The rules for the matches are not too strict for the Semifinals. We can start the battle as soon as all of you are ready.”

Prince Jason took a step forward and threw away his princely robe. Since there was no order of who would fight first, he would take the initiative to take the limelight and secure the victory for the first match.

He had already seen how Lilith fought, and for him, it was such a clumsy performance, so he didn’t think of Lilith as a worthy adversary.

“I’ll go first,” Prince Jason declared. He then glanced at the warrior standing not far from him and gave her a brief nod. “Is that fine with you, Princess?”

The corner of Lilith’s lips curled up into a smirk as she nodded her head. “Might as well be the first.”

Ephemera and Kenneth glanced at each other before leaving the arena at the same time. Their time to fight would come, but for now, they would give the stage to the Prince of the Kraetor Empire, and the Princess of the Amazons.

Empress Andraste chuckled before glancing at Emperor Leonidas.

“Who do you think will win?” Empress Andraste asked.

“My grandson, of course,” Emperor Leonidas answered without even looking at her.

“Oh? Then do you want to have a bet with me?”

“Sure.”

Both the Emperor and Empress had full confidence in their representatives, so they were not afraid to have a bet with each other.

“If my daughter wins, I’ll be taking your grandson’s bracelet,” Empress Andraste said.  

Emperor Leonidas frowned. The bracelet belonged to the Temple, and it was not his place to use it as a betting material. Before he could reject the Empress’ condition, the Oracle of Aamon’s Temple voiced her opinion on the matter.

“Go for it, Your Majesty,” the Oracle commented from the side. “I approve of this bet.”

Empress Andraste looked at the Oracle and smiled. There was a common understanding among the people that the Oracles could see the future. However, this was far from the truth.  

The Oracle’s main duty was to receive the message of the Gods that they serve. Although there were Gods that had the power of Clairvoyance, not all of them did.  

Aamon was a God from Hell and his specialty lay in warfare. If Empress Andraste was up against the Oracle of one of the scholarly Gods then she might find the situation rather tricky. Fortunately, Aamon was not a scholar, and his Oracle couldn’t see the future.  

As long as no one knew the outcome of the match, Empress Andraste was confident that her daughter would come up as the winner.

“Very well. If you win then the bracelet is yours to keep,” Emperor Leonidas replied. “Then how about if I win?”

“Feel free to state a condition.” Empress Andraste rested the side of her face on the palm of her right hand. “As long as you don’t ask for too much, I will agree to anything.”

Emperor Leonidas pondered for a bit before giving his reply.

“Gleipnir,” Emperor Leonidas said. “I want Gleipnir.”

This time, it was Empress Andraste’s turn to frown. Gleipnir was one of the treasures of the Amazon Race and it held great powers. It was said that anyone that it bound would not be able to break free, even if it was a Demigod.

Emperor Leonidas smirked when he saw Empress Andraste’s expression.

“How about it?” Emperor Leonidas asked. “The artifact of a God for the artifact of another God. I think this is fair trade, don’t you think so?”

The other rulers didn’t say anything and simply watched the outcome of the negotiation. Deep inside, they were tempted to join the gamble. The artifacts of Gods were very different to the artifacts created by mortals.

The power they possessed was enough to tilt the scales of war in their favor.

After weighing the pros and cons, Empress Andraste resolutely nodded her head.

“Fine,” Empress Andraste replied. “I accept this bet.”

“Good. Don’t go back on your word.”

“Between the two of us, you are the ones whose words can’t be trusted.”

Emperor Leonidas and Empress Andraste smiled at each other. The two had been lovers in the past, but they were now the rulers of their respective Empires. They needed to prioritize their own gains, and this bet was one of those opportunities where they could legally take a priceless treasure from each other’s hands.

The two once again shifted their attention to the arena, where the two young warriors were preparing to fight with everything they had.

No one knew the outcome of this match, not even the Gods. The audience watched with bated breath as they waited for the first battle of the Semifinals to begin.







Chapter 624

Prince Jason summoned his sword and took a fighting stance. He believed that he didn’t have to use his artifact in order to win against the Amazon Princess.

Lilith, on the other hand, didn’t use her sword and shield. Instead, she summoned a War Axe that was almost as tall as her body.  

Prince Jason’s expression immediately changed when he saw the confident smile on Lilith’s face.

This was the first time the Amazon Princess had used this weapon, so no one knew if she was proficient in it or not.

Empress Andraste smirked when she saw the War Axe in Lilith’s hands. Her daughter was proficient in all kinds of weapons. It was a blessing that the Royal Family of the Amazon Race received from their Patron God.

The God whom the Amazons prayed to was the Goddess of War and Sexuality, Astarte.

Her blessing gave the Amazons incredible strength and the ability to wield many kinds of weapons.  

Because of this, the Amazon Empire rose in prominence and very few dared to challenge the might of the female warriors.  

“That’s a large axe,” Prince Jason commented. “Are you sure you can lift that up, Princess?”

Lilith smiled as she leaned her body on the War Axe that was embedded on the ground.  

“Of course I can,” Lilith answered. “Come, Prince. Show me how strong you are. Who knows? I might take a liking on you and let you follow me around as a subordinate.”

“Thanks for the offer, but I’m not interested.”

“Such a shame.”

After that brief exchange, Prince Jason took a step forward and the ground under his feet shattered. A few seconds later, several steel spikes jutted all over the arena.  

Lilith didn’t do anything and simply leaned on her War Axe. The smile on her face turned into a smirk as she looked at the handsome blonde boy who had erected a wall of steel spikes to prevent her from running around the battlefield.

“Oh my, so this is how you deal with the ladies,” Lilith said in a teasing voice. “Not bad, but not all women like clingy men.”

Prince Jason ignored her and took another step forward. This time, he disappeared from where he stood and reappeared right in front of Lilith, stabbing her with his sword.

When the sword was only inches away from the Amazon’s Princess amorous chest, the tip of Prince Jason’s sword suddenly pointed upwards.

It happened so unexpectedly that the Prince wasn’t able to fully dodge the Amazon’s Princess’ counterattack, which was a kick that was aimed at his manhood.

At the last minute, the Prince was able to twist his body to the side. Because of that, Lilith’s kick connected with his hip, sending him skidding on the ground.

The Amazon Princess clicked her tongue as she ran towards the Prince, leaving her War Axe behind.  

Prince Jason didn’t expect that Lilith’s physical strength was greater than his. He had heard that the Amazons were strong, but he didn’t expect that they were this strong!

Before he could even stand up from the ground and muster a defense, Lilith’s foot kicked the side of his body sending him flying to the air.

The crowd gasped at the unexpected display of skill that the Amazon Princess didn’t show in her previous battle. The Prince of the Kraetor Empire was kicked repeatedly in the air like a soccer ball.

Empress Andraste giggled when he saw this scene. In the past, she had wanted to do the same to Emperor Leonidas, but she didn’t get the opportunity to do so. Now that her daughter was beating the crap out of the Emperor’s grandson, she felt like the years of frustration that she had held inside her chest for many years, had been repaid in full.

“Are you regretting the bet now?” Empress Andrasted asked in a teasing tone.

Emperor Leonidas didn’t even glance at her as he continued to watch the one-sided beating of his grandson in the arena.

“The match is not over yet,” Emperor Leonidas said. “It’s too early for you to feel smug.”

Empress Andraste chuckled before shifting her gaze to the arena.  

‘The match isn’t over yet? That’s what you think, old fool.’ Empress Andraste sneered internally. ‘The moment my daughter stepped on the Arena, your grandson was doomed to lose.’

With a loud shout, Lilith delivered a powerful palm strike that connected with Prince Jason’s chest. Although he was wearing light-weight armor, the power of Lilith’s strike ignored his defenses.  

A loud cracking sound was heard, and the Prince of the Kraetor Empire slammed on the arena, creating a small crater.

Two of his ribs were broken by Lilith’s strike, and blood seeped out at the corner of his lips. He forcefully used his magical ability to hold the broken bones in place as he glared at the Amazon Princess who was looking at him with a devilish smirk.

“I admit that I underestimated you, but you made a grave mistake,” Prince Jason said as he raised his right hand. “You should have finished me when you still got the chance!”

The Prince activated the artifact that was given to him by the Oracle of Aamon’s Temple. He had decided to return the Amazon Princess’ favor in full. He would break her arms and legs and make her beg for mercy.  

After that, he would humiliate her in front of everyone, by stripping her clothes. That way the arrogant Princess wouldn’t be able to act arrogant and raise her head in front of him ever again!

Prince Jason waited for the overwhelming power to surge inside his body, but it never came. He wondered if something happened to the artifact, so he looked at the bracelet on his arm to see what was wrong with it.

His eyes widened in shock, and his expression paled when he didn’t see the bracelet on his wrist. That was the Trump Card he was planning to use to win the tournament, so he couldn’t afford to lose it at all cost!

“Are you looking for this?” Lilith asked as he held up a crimson bracelet in his hand. “You should take better care of your treasures. If you’re careful enough, the things that are important to you might get stolen right under your nose. Just like this.”

Lilith casually placed the bracelet on her wrist and sneered at the dumbfounded Prince who thought that he could win against her just by relying on a divine artifact.

“You Wench! Give that back to me!” Prince Jason shouted as he charged at Lilith with fury.

Lilith smirked as he ran towards her War Axe that had remained stationary at the center of the arena.  

“I think it’s about time I give you a taste of your own medicine,” Lilith stated.  

She activated Aamon’s bracelet and a crimson armor covered her entire body. Lilith wasn’t able to stop herself from moaning in pleasure at the incredible power that was flowing inside her body.  

Prince Jason’s eyes became bloodshot as he swung his sword with fury, with the intention of cutting the Amazon Princess in half.

Unfortunately, the moment he lost the bracelet, his chances of winning had already become non-existent.

A metallic sound reverberated in the arena as Prince Jason’s sword was stopped by Lilith’s thumb and index finger. No matter how much Prince Jason struggled to free his weapon, Lilith’s hold didn’t budge.

“Time to end this farce.”

That was the last thing Prince Jason heard before he found himself hurtling into the air.  

Lilith had casually tossed him outside of the arena as if she was just throwing away a piece of trash. She didn’t even need to turn around to see the expression of disbelief in Prince Jason’s face.

Just like Empress Andraste mentioned earlier, the moment Lilith stepped on the arena, Prince Jason’s fate was already set in stone.

The Amazon Princess grabbed the War Axe that she hadn’t had the opportunity to use. She thought that she would be able to go all out with the Prince, but the reality didn’t meet her expectations.

Clearly, the Prince had relied way too much on the power of the artifact that he had forgotten to use his own strength to fight Lilith in a fair battle.

“Quite disappointing,” Lilith muttered as she returned her weapon inside her storage ring. “Aren’t there any good men around? A man that is worthy of me?”

As soon as Lilith finished her complaint, the referee raised his hand and declared the winner of the match.

“The winner of this match is Princess Lilith!” the referee announced. “She will now proceed to the finals!”

The Amazon Princess gave the Prince who was lying on the ground outside of the arena a side-long glance before heading towards the resting area. The battle had disappointed her greatly, and she hoped that her next opponent would be able to give her the thrill of battle that she was looking for.

High above the arena stands, Princess Sidonie had a wide smile on her face. She wanted to shout out loud and cheer for the Amazon Princess, but because of her position, she refrained from doing so.

Morgana roared with laughter inside their shared mindscape. Clearly, she was very happy with the outcome of the match.

With this, one of their problems was out of the picture. All that remained was the silver-haired pretty boy who was going to fight in the next match.

Princess Sidonie and Morgana hoped that the representation of Justice, Ephemera, would put Kenneth in his place. That way, all the problems that had made her anxious these past few days, would finally disappear.

‘One down, one to go,’ Princess Sidonie thought.  

< Don’t worry! That Ephemera is one of the Seven Virtues. How can she possibly lose to that silver-haired bastard? >

Although Princess Sidonie agreed with her other half, she still couldn’t rest easy. Kenneth was a mystery to her. She had no idea how strong he was, or whether he was hiding some tricks under his sleeves.

She just hoped that Ephemera wouldn’t put the Seven Virtues name to shame, and be defeated by a delicate looking boy, who was out to break her engagement with William.







Chapter 625

“Tomorrow is the day…,” Chiffon muttered as she looked up at the moon in the sky. “Tomorrow, I will tell Big Brother that I… love him.”

Chiffon closed her eyes and the memories of her mother resurfaced. It had been a while since she had thought of her.

Since the day that she had met William, everyday that passed was filled with happiness. The pink-haired girl allowed herself to face the bitter memories that she had kept inside her heart.  

She wanted to hear her mother’s words.  

She wanted to remember her voice.

—–

“You’re going to be twelve soon, Chiffon,” April said. “A few more years and you will be old enough to marry. I wish I could see that day.”

“Mama, what do you mean old enough to marry?” Chiffon asked. “What is marry?”  

She had been too young then to understand her mother’s words. Even so, April was patient enough to answer her inquiry with a smile.

“Marriage is a ceremony where you say your vows to someone you love. Once this is done, both of you will be partners for life.”

Chiffon could still remember her mother’s expression when she looked in the distance, as if reminiscing a distance past.  

“I hope that you will find someone who will truly love you,” April said as she patted Chiffon’s head. “Someone who will never leave your side in times of happiness as well as hardship.”

—–

Chiffon opened her eyes as a tear slid down the side of her face. It had been so long since she had seen her mother’s face, and her heart ached because she missed her too much.

“Don’t worry, Mama,” Chiffon said softly. “I found the one I love. If it’s him, I’m sure that he will definitely love me back.”

The pink-haired girl looked at the moon for a few more minutes before going to her bed to sleep. When morning came, she would gather up all her courage and ask her Big Brother to make her one of his wives.

She had already known that he had intended to have nine wives. Ashe and Princess Sidonie were two of his future wives. According to them, there were two others who were waiting for William in the Southern Continent.  

Although she still didn’t understand what marriage meant, Chiffon had decided to become one of William’s wives. She wanted to be with him, and be his partner for life.

—–

Right after afternoon classes, Chiffon looked for William. The Half-Elf hadn’t joined the class today because he said that he had some important things to do.  

It didn’t take long for the pink-haired girl to find her Big Brother. There were very few places that William visited in the academy, so it wasn’t that hard to find him.  

When Chiffon entered Princess Sidonie’s room, she heard weird sounds coming from her bedroom. Out of curiosity, she lightly opened the door and took a peek.

There, he found William holding the beautiful princess in his arms. The two were sharing a passionate kiss. What caught Chiffon’s attention was Ashe, who had her head lowered and seemed to be licking something on her Big Brother’s lower body.

All three of them were naked, and were so busy with what they were doing that they didn’t notice someone peeking at them from the door.  

This was the first time Chiffon saw the art of love making, and she didn’t know what to do. Her instinct was telling her that she should go away, but her curiosity made her stay.

She watched silently as the three people shared kisses, and pressed their bodies against each other.  

Chiffon could feel her cheeks heating up, but she was unsure what was causing the feeling. All she knew was that her Big Brother’s current performance was making her feel things that she had never felt before.

She watched everything from start to end. The pink-haired girl didn’t know how much time had passed. All she knew was that she had seen something that she shouldn’t have.

Chiffon was about to leave the room when she heard Princess Sidonie ask William a question. It was a question that made her stop in her tracks and prevented her from leaving.

“Darling, I think Chiffon has feelings for you,” Princess Sidonie said. “What are you planning to do about it?”

Chiffon perked her ears up as she inched closer to the small gap on the door. This way, she would be able to better hear her Big Brother’s reply. Since this question concerned her, she wanted to know the answer to Princess Sidonie’s question.

“Chiffon has feelings for me?” William asked back. “Are you sure about this?”

“Yes. I am a woman, so I can understand women best. That little girl might be in love with you.”

“I see…”

Ashe, who was resting her head on William’s chest, joined the conversation with a light-hearted mood.

“Will, I know that it is not my place to say this, but I think that you should turn her down,” Ashe commented. “We don’t know anything about her background. It is better to be careful.”

Chiffon silently cursed Ashe inside her heart. She wanted to complain, and tell the girl that had started to nibble William’s ears to mind her own business!

“I agree with Ashe,” Princess Sidonie stated. “Chiffon is a very adorable girl. However, what if she is hiding a dark secret? Who knows, that secret might come back to bite us later on.”

Chiffon gritted her teeth. She had been getting along well with Ashe and Princess Sidonie. The pink-haired girl thought that they were her friends. Their sudden betrayal left a bitter aftertaste in her mouth.

William chuckled as she kissed both girls.  

“Don’t worry, I have no intention of making her my lover,” William replied. “You’re right. How can I possibly accept a complete stranger as my lover?  

“Also, I can’t bear the thought of kissing her lips. She had been eating trash for who knows how long. If I kiss her, wouldn’t that mean that I’ll be kissing trash? That’s so disgusting!”

Chiffon pressed a hand over her chest. She felt a sudden ache that made her breathing ragged. Dragging her feet, she left the room as fast as he could.  

After stepping in the hallway of the dormitory, Chiffon leaned on the floor as she struggled to breathe.  

She felt suffocated.  

She needed to leave as fast and as far as she could before she was discovered.

In the outside world, the cracks on the crystal that hovered above Chiffon’s chest, widened. Red light was starting to spill from those cracks, threatening to burst out at any moment.

Chiffon used the walls as support as she tried to leave the girl’s dormitory, but it was of no use.  

Her legs felt too weak, so the girl had no choice but to slowly lower herself to the floor as she tried to calm her senses.

It was at that moment when the door of Princess Sidonie’s room opened. William, Ashe, and Princess Sidonie came out of the room and looked down on Chiffon, who was sitting on the floor, gasping for breath.

William’s upper part was naked, and he was just wearing pants. Ashe and Princess Sidonie, on the other hand, were wearing nightgowns of blue and red.

Chiffon looked up at William with a pale expression. She appraised her Big Brother’s face, looking for any signs of tenderness or affection but she found none.

“Did you hear us?” William asked.

Chiffon hurriedly shook her head in denial. She was afraid that if she said yes, her Big Brother would abandon her completely.  

“Liar,” Princess Sidonie said with contempt. “You’ve been peeking on us the whole time. Did you think that we were not aware that you were behind the door?”

Ashe stepped forward and lowered her head. “You thieving little cat. Do you really think that you can steal William away from us? You sure got guts, little girl.”

“N-No,” Chiffon stuttered. “I don’t plan on stealing Big Brother. I just want to be like the two of you. I want to be by his side as well.”

Ashe raised an eyebrow when she heard Chiffon’s reply. She then glanced at the Half-Elf who was just listening on the side.

“Will, you heard her,” Ashe said. “She wants to be like us. Chiffon wanted to become your lover. What is your answer?”

William took a step forward. Ashe gave way and straightened her stance to allow her lover to approach Chiffon.

The Half-Elf knelt in front of Chiffon until they were eye to eye with each other.

“Do you love me?” William inquired.

“Yes,” Chiffon replied. “I love you, Big Brother. I love you very much.”

“Then, do you want to marry me?”

“I do. Please, marry me, Big Brother.”

Chiffon pleaded. Even if William didn’t love her as much as Ashe and Princess Sidonie, as long as she was by his side, she would be happy. The pink-haired girl looked at William with a face filled with longing.

William cupped the side of Chiffon’s face.  

The little girl shivered because William’s hands felt cold. Also, his eyes… his eyes stared at her with disdain.

“Me? Marry you?” William sneered. “The only thing that you are good at is eating trash. Do you really think that I’ll marry trash? What a delusional girl you are.”

Tears formed at the corner of Chiffon’s eyes, and her eyes became dull and lifeless. The last thing she heard was a loud cracking sound, before her world shattered, and her consciousness descended into darkness.

—-

(A/N: To those who doesn’t read author notes, and is still asking me why there are only 2 chapter updates at the moment it is because I have Omicron. Like I said, this week, I may only publish 1 – 2 chapters until I recovered from it. I ask for your understanding because believe me, its a hassle to write chapters while feeling dizzy and nauseous. 

To those who have cursed me for not giving them the usual number of chapters, I pray for your souls. Know that you’re just making me feel worse because of your ungrateful comments. I could have stopped uploading and focused on my recovery, but I still do my best to give you 2 chapters a day, despite my suffering. I hope all of you are happy because you have made me suffer more due to your lack of empathy.)







Chapter 626

A beam of light shot out towards the sky, accompanied by the sound of crystals breaking.  

The red crystal that hovered above Chiffon’s chest shattered into thousands of pieces, and was replaced by a beautiful pink flower in full bloom. The flower glowed brightly, but its light would flicker from time to time like the beating of a heart.

The old woman’s smile widened as she watched Chiffon slowly descend towards the ground. The little girl’s eyes were open, but it was like a window covered by fog. No light, nor hope, could be seen within their depths.

Only lifelessness, as if her soul had left her body.

The old woman approached Chiffon and caressed the side of the little girl’s face. It felt smooth to the touch, which reminded her of her youth that had withered away after staying in the Tower of Babylon for hundreds of years.

“Such a beautiful flower, but it has not bloomed completely,” the old woman said as she looked at the pink flower that hovered above the little girl’s chest. “Your Heart Devil was due to love and marriage?”

The old woman chuckled, “It’s good to be young. I was like you, once. Young and naive. Clinging to dreams and thinking that love would be enough to make me happy for the rest of my life.”

The old woman sighed as she continued caressing Chiffon’s cheeks. The pink-haired girl just stared in front of her, looking at nothing. She was like a doll that was waiting for someone to play with her.

“Worry not, My Dear,” the old woman commented. “His Excellency is benevolent and kind. He will grant your wish. You want to get married, right? Very well, tomorrow, we will hold the grandest wedding in this tower.  

“Tomorrow, your dream will be fulfilled, and at the same time… his Excellency will feast on your heart, body, and soul.”

Chiffon didn’t reply, or say anything. In fact, it seemed as if she hadn’t heard a single thing that the lady had said. Her lifeless eyes simply stared straight, devoid of sadness, happiness, and other emotions.

“Take her away, and make the necessary preparations,” the old woman ordered. “Clean and purify her body so that she will be worthy to be His Excellency’s bride!”

Two women wearing veils appeared behind the old woman. Both of them held Chiffon’s hands and led her away. The old woman watched them go with a smile on her face.  

She then snapped her finger and several red vines protruded off the ground. They rose to the sky and entangled William’s arm, and legs. The vines didn’t stop there and wrapped itself around the Half-Elf’s body until he was covered up like a cocoon.

“I don’t know why your Heart Devil hasn’t advanced, but it’s not a big deal,” the old woman said. “I can always use force to hasten the process.”

Soon, the vines glowed bloody red. The crystal that hovered above William’s chest started to glow as well. What the old woman was doing was trying to forcefully mature the Heart Devil in William’s heart.

That way, she would have full control over him, the moment his heart fell into corruption.

——

“No! Chiffon!” William roared in anger.

He had seen his fake self, the fake Ashe, and the fake Princess gang up on the little girl and say harsh words to her.

The Half-Elf was so angry that he had trashed his fake self over and over, but no matter how hard he tried, he could only pass through them without dealing any kind of damage.

William watched as Chiffon’s eyes became dull before collapsing on the ground. After that, the world shattered, and he found himself falling from the sky.

The Half-Elf couldn’t forget the look on the pink-haired girl’s face before she and her world disappeared.  

William’s heart was aching. He wanted to fight the mastermind behind Chiffon’s suffering. But, for that to happen, he needed to break out of the world he was in first. The Half-Elf had already known that he was in some kind of Dreamworld.

He had walked the land of Dreams so many times in the past, so he was quite familiar with its sensation. The only problem was, he couldn’t break out of the dream he was in. A powerful law prevents him from doing so.

After a discussion with Optimus, both of them agreed that In order to break this law, William needed to clear his own Dream World first.  

As William descended from the sky, the powerful sound of a horn spread across his surroundings.  

William narrowed his eyes and saw a man standing on top of a rainbow bridge. He held a giant horn in his hand and was blowing on it with all of his might.

Upon hearing this unfamiliar yet familiar sound. A flood of memories rushed towards William’s head, causing it to ache.  

Gritting his teeth, William activated his flight skill, while fighting off the headache that was tearing his head apart. With a thud, he crashed towards the ground and rolled for several meters before coming to a stop.

“Gjallarhorn…,” William muttered as he propped himself from the ground. He then looked at the warrior that was continuing to blow his horn from on top of the rainbow bridge.  

“Heimdall.”  

For some reason, William had recognized the warrior’s features and knew for certain that his assumption wasn’t wrong.

A few moments later, the ground trembled, and the Half-Elf had to plant his feet firmly on the ground to prevent himself from collapsing.

William looked to the South and saw an unfamiliar, yet familiar scene. Countless numbers of Giants, Monstrous Beasts, spectres, and everything that spelled the end of the world was marching towards the plains of Valhalla.  

Among them, a Giant stood out from the rest. He was holding a flaming red sword that burned so brightly that Soleil’s full powered attack would look like a small flame that came from a matchstick.

“Ragnarok.” William grimaced because he understood what was about to happen. The memories that had rushed to him earlier had given him a glimpse of the outcome of this fateful battle that would end all life in the world of Yggdrasil.

For some reason, William felt the need to look at the Bifrost Bridge.  

There he saw a small giant, with long pink hair standing behind Heimdall. She was looking at the approaching Giant army with a fearful gaze.

She was the traitor of the Giant Race.

The Giantess that had sided with the Aesir due to her feelings for the silver-haired Einherjar who had brought her back with him to the land of Asgard.

“Chiffon.” William felt like there was a lump on his throat when he saw the Giantess.  

The Half-Elf knew that although her body was shaking right now due to fear and anxiety, Chiffon would be at the frontlines of the war, fighting against her own race.

William knew that she was not fighting for herself.

He knew that the small giantess was fighting for love.

She was fighting for his love.

“No!” William shouted as he ran towards Chiffon. “Leave! Go to Ithavllir! You will be safe there!”

William’s tears fell unabated as he held unto the Giantess calf. This time, he was able to touch Chiffon, but the latter didn’t seem to be aware that there was a human hugging her calf beside her.

The Half-Elf cried.  

He already knew the outcome of this battle, and the fate that awaited the pink-haired giant. He didn’t want to see it again.

William knew that if he were to relieve that scene again, his heart would burst to pieces. Everyone thought that Ragnarok and the destruction of Asgard was just a myth.

However, for those who had fought in that great battle that decided the fate of the Nine Realms, it was a heart-wrenching experience. It was a day that no living being would be able to forget.  

It was the greatest battle that was written in recorded history. It was a Myth, a Fairytale, a Saga, an Epic that people on Earth had read about or watched someone’s interpretation of the events at some point in time.

Many thought that it was a good form of entertainment. But, what they didn’t know was that everything that was written down on those fragmented tablets that had survived up to the modern day were all real.

It wasn’t a Myth. It was a reality that had been lost through time like the legendary city of Atlantis.

As William cried his heart out, Heimdall stopped blowing Gjallarhorn.  

The Guardian of the Bifrost Bridge had already played his role. The twilight of the Gods was at hand, and the battle of Ragnarok was about to begin.







Chapter 627

“I will give you one last chance,” Ephemera said as she looked at the silver-haired teenager whom she had pushed to the edge of the arena.

The moment their fight started, Ephemera had unleashed her power and clashed with Kenneth numerous times.  

With each collision, Kenneth felt a searing pain in his shoulders. If possible, he didn’t want to have a head-on confrontation with the beautiful lady from the Gunner Federation. However, he was left with very little choice because his opponent had outclassed him in both speed, and power.

“Just jump off the arena,” Ephemera stated as the golden blade in her hand buzzed with power. “There is no shame in losing against me. You didn’t have any chance from the beginning.”

Kenneth looked calmly at the warrior in front of him. He firmly gripped the hilt of his short sword as his eyes scanned a way for any blindspots that he could take advantage of, in order to return to the center of the arena.

Just like Ephemera had said, he was at the very edge of the arena. Just a step was enough for him to fall off completely.  

‘I guess I have no choice but to go all out,’ Kenneth thought. ‘It is really difficult to deal with one of the Seven Virtues.’

Kenneth’s eyes glowed in a subtle manner as he prepared for Ephemera’s strike.

Seeing that her opponent didn’t have any wish to surrender, Ephemera nodded her head in appreciation. In truth, he admired Kenneth because the latter had reached the Semifinals with the meager ability he had.

Ephemera thought that the Silver-haired Elf just got lucky with his opponents. She firmly believed that the moment Kenneth’s path crossed with hers, his luck had all run out.

“In respect to your bravery, I will try my best to not kill you,” Ephemera declared. “However, since I plan to go all out, I can’t guarantee your safety. This is my final warning. Concede now, or get seriously injured. What is your choice?”

“Thank you for the offer,” Kenneth replied. “But, I’ll have to pass. This tournament is important to me.”

“Is that your final answer?”

“Yes.”

The golden blade on Ephemera’s rapier radiated with power. Kenneth had no way out, so all she needed to do was unleash one last attack to end the battle.  

Although she looked carefree, the lady that hailed from the Gunnar Federation was not stupid. She could tell that Kenneth hasn’t given up hope, which only meant one thing.

‘He still has a trump card,’ Ephemera thought as she prepared to unleash her attack. ‘No matter. I’d like to see what you can do in this situation!’

“Explosion Infernale!” Ephemera shouted as she slashed sideways, leaving no room for Kenneth to maneuver.

(A/N: Excuse my French.)

A powerful explosion took place that shattered the two barriers that were a few meters away from the arena. Fortunately, there were five barriers in place, so the blast didn’t spread too wide.

Ephemera narrowed her gaze because she believed that Kenneth wouldn’t be able to survive her attack. However, just as she was about to drop her guard, a silhouette passed through the wall flames and headed in her direction.

The people exclaimed when they saw the silver-haired teenager survived Ephemera’s powerful attack.  

Princess Sidonie who was seated in the VIP Room with the other members of the Kraetor Royal Family couldn’t believe what she saw.  

‘N-No, this can’t be happening.’ Princess Sidonie’s eyes widened in shock.

< This… there’s no doubt. She’s one of us. >

Morgana also looked at Kenneth in disbelief. She never expected that William’s Ex-Roommate had hidden his identity deeply. Princess Sidonie and Morgana had approached Keneth a few times in the past, but neither of them had detected anything unusual about him.

Both girls understood now why the latter refused to concede to Ephemera’s suggestion earlier.  

Kenneth ran towards Ephemera, while his long-silver hair fluttered in the air like a living creature. With a glance, one could estimate that it was at least three meters long.  

Ephemera gritted her teeth as she brandished her weapon to strike her opponent, who for some reason, had unleashed a power that was equal to her own.

Kenneth’s hair wrapped itself around Ephemera’s weapon, preventing her from continuing her attack. When he arrived at striking distance, he immediately unleashed a palm strike that hit his opponent squarely on the chest.

Ephemera had channeled her magical power on her chest to cushion Kenneth’s strike. However it was still powerful enough to send her flying a few meters in the air.  

“So this is your true form!” Ephemera said hatefully as she landed on the ground. “You are one of those b*tches!”

Kenneth ignored her as he stood with his hair fluttering in the wind.  

“Concede,” Kenneth said. “I am returning the favor that you gave me earlier.”

His voice was calm and the intonation he used was neutral. Clearly, he didn’t want to offend the Virtue of Justice. Even so, Ephemera found his words condescending, so she ignored him and unleashed the full power of her Divinity.

“I will end you and your sinful existence!” Ephemera shouted as a pair of golden wings sprouted behind her back. She flew into the air and channeled the power of her Divinity into her weapon.

“Frappe Du Dragon Radieux!” Ephemera roared and a blinding explosion reverberated in the arena.  

This was her strongest attack which was meant to obliterate everything in its path. This was a concentrated version of Soleil’s full-powered attack.  

Although its range could only encompass the entire arena, it was more than enough for Emperor Leonidas and the Grand Archmage Evexius to work hand in hand to erect, and strengthen the barriers that protected everyone inside the arena.

“That was a strong attack. Unfortunately, it was still too slow.”

A voice that was as soft as silk whispered from behind Ephemera.  

A moment later, a pair of delicate hands pressed down on her shoulders.  

“Sorry. I need to win this battle,” Kenneth whispered in Ephemera’s ears. “No hard feelings.”

Before the justice-minded lady could even reply to Kenneth’s words, she felt that the world around her was starting to slow down at an alarming pace. Within that slow moving world, Kenneth moved normally and pushed Ephemera away.

The beautiful lady could feel her body falling to the ground, and yet, she could do nothing about it. Her brain functions had slowed down drastically. Even though she wanted to move and prevent her fall, her body wasn’t responding fast enough to execute her thoughts.

Her actions were half a snail’s pace, so no matter what she did, she couldn’t stop the inevitable.

The moment her body hit the ground, Ephemera knew that she had lost. Kenneth was kind enough to not push her into the bottomless pit that the lady from the Gunner Federation had made after unleashing her strongest attack.

Kenneth hovered above the arena with his hair flapping in the air like the wings of a bird.  

‘Not good,’ Kenneth thought. ‘I am feeling sleepy.’

He then glanced at the room where Ashe and Princess Sidonie were seated. Without any hesitation, he flew towards their location.

As soon as Kenneth landed beside Ashe, he collapsed on the floor, asleep. His long hair shortened until it returned to its normal length.

However, before he closed his eyes to sleep, he managed to pass a message to Ashe. He knew that Princess Sidonie didn’t like him, so he decided to pin his hope on William’s lover.

Kenneth already knew Ian’s true form, so he decided to take a gamble and ask for her help. He couldn’t trust anyone else to look after him, while he was unconscious.

Ashe looked at William’s Ex-Roomate with a complicated gaze before sighing internally.

After hearing Kenneth’s words, Ashe was duty bound to keep him safe. After all, the message that he had passed to her telepathically were the words.

“I bear a message from William’s mother. Keep me safe, so that I can pass this important message to her son.”

Ashe would be lying if she said that she wasn’t interested in hearing the message that came from William’s mother. The Half-Elf had shared a few stories of his mother with her.

The mermaid had long wanted to meet her future mother-in-law and wanted to know what she was like. Since Kenneth was her messenger, she had no choice but to protect him from the Princess beside her, who was half-tempted to kill the silver-haired Elf while he slept.







Chapter 628

Princess Sidonie glared at the sleeping silver-haired Elf on William’s bed.  

If not for the fact that Ashe had told him that Kenneth was holding a message that came from William’s mother, she would have already strangled him in his sleep.

Ashe looked at the Princess who was clenching and unclenching her fist, as if she was waging an inner battle. She could only sigh internally because she understood what Princess Sidonie was going through.

“Tomorrow is the Final Match between him and Lilith,” Ashe said in order to draw Princess Sidonie’s attention away from William’s ex-roommate. “Who do you think will win between the two?”

“If it were up to me, this bastard wouldn’t be able to go to the arena tomorrow,” Princess Sidonie pinched Kenneth’s cheeks and pulled it hatefully.  

Ashe couldn’t stop herself from chuckling because of the funny scene in front of her. After having her fill of laughter, her expression became serious as she addressed the thing that had been nagging at her mind.

“Earlier, you said that he is the same as you and Chiffon.” Ashe looked at the silver-haired teen whose cheeks were now slightly red due to Princess Sidonie’s pinching. “He’s one of the Seven Deadly Sins?”

“Yes,” Princess Sidonie replied. “There’s no doubt that he is one of us.”

“I thought all the Sins were girls?”

“They are.”

Ashe then tilted her head to the side and looked at Princess Sidonie in confusion.  

“He’s a boy, right?” Ashe asked with uncertainty.

Princess Sidonie didn’t answer Ashe’s question and simply pulled down Kenneth’s pants. She was also confused, so she decided to confirm Kenneth’s gender.  

Ashe was lost for words because of Princess Sidonie’s action. She didn’t expect that her friend was bold enough to undress Kenneth while he was asleep. The mermaid hastily averted her gaze because she didn’t want to see any man’s lower half, except for William’s.

Even so, she was still rather curious so she decided to ask the Princess the result of her investigation.

“Well, is he a girl or a boy?”

“A boy.”

Princess Sidonie pulled up Kenneth’s pants as a frown appeared on her beautiful face. She was certain that the Seven Sins were all girls. There had been no precedent about a boy being one, so she didn’t know what to feel about Kenneth’s existence.

While she was pondering, the Princess shifted her attention to Ashe who was looking back at her in disbelief.

“How can you suddenly do something like that?” Ashe asked. “You are bolder than you look.”

Princess Sidonie snorted, “I am the Sin of Lust. Do you think I will be fazed just by looking at a man’s privates?”

“Well, when you saw Little Will for the first time, you got dazed for a few seconds before regaining your composure,” Ashe countered.

Princess Sidonie wasn’t able to retaliate because it was the truth. When William and her had first shared some intimacy with each other, Morgana became naugthy and reached out to touch his…

That was the first time that the beautiful princess had seen a man’s asset, and it caught her completely by surprise. Of course, she got used to it after kissing Little Will a couple of times, but she wouldn’t be able to deny the fact that it was different from what she originally thought.

“I got dazed because it was Will’s,” Princess Sidonie replied with a beet red face. She didn’t want to admit that her first time caught her completely by surprise.

While the two girls were arguing, the hand of the sleeping boy twitched.  

After that, his eyelids fluttered before a sigh escaped his lips.  

Ashe and Princess Sidonie immediately shifted their attention to him.  

Half a minute later, Kenneth opened his eyes and looked at the two girls in the room. He was still feeling drowsy, so after seeing that he was not in any immediate danger. He once again closed his eyes to sleep.

Clearly, he didn’t want to move his body. Not even by an inch.

“Oi! Don’t go back to sleep!” Morgana swapped with Princess Sidonie and pinched the Elf’s ears. “You still have some explaining to do. Who are you and what is your relationship with Darling’s mother?”

Kenneth opened his eyes and looked at Morgana with contempt.

“Darling? You call Will, Darling?” Kenneth asked. “Don’t you have any shame?”

Morgana smirked because she could tell that Kenneth didn’t like the way she called William her darling.

“Why should I be ashamed?” Morgana replied. “Darling is already my fiance. Isn’t it right, and proper, to call him my Darling?”

“You think too highly of yourself. Lady Arwen will not appro–”

Kenneth wasn’t able to finish his words because he had a feeling that not only would his Master approve, she would also welcome Princess Sidonie with open arms.

Arwen was already aware of what had transpired in the Southern Continent due to Skyla’s report. The Saintess of the World Tree had also mentioned that she wanted to meet William’s lovers who fought by his side during the war against the Elves.

Also, Arwen was very curious about the Princess of Freesia, who managed to rope William into becoming her fiance by asking her son to put the slave collar on her neck.

When William’s mother first heard this from Skyla, she even laughed out loud and complemented Princess Sidonie for being daring.  

Kenneth was there when Arwen praised the beautiful Princess. For some reason, the method that Princess Sidonie used to trick William to become her partner didn’t sit well with him.  

For him, it was his duty to look after William in his Master’s stead and ensure that he lived a safe and happy life in the Southern Continent. This was also why he volunteered to spy on him and prevent the other Elves from monitoring the boy and disrupting his peaceful life.

“Hah? What were you about to say?” Morgana sneered. “Mother-in-law is not going to accept me? That is not for you to decide. I will personally visit the Silvermoon Continent with William and get her blessing on our marriage!”

Kenneth turned a deaf ear to the babbling princess and decided to resume his sleep. This was the side-effect of tapping onto the power of his Divinity for an extended period of time.

In his earlier battles, he also used the power of his Divinity, but he only used it sparingly. This was why Princess Sidonie, Ephemera, and Lilith weren’t able to sense that he shared the same qualities they had.  

If he wasn’t pushed into a corner, he would have kept his secret for as long as possible. Fortunately, William wasn’t around. With this, Kenneth’s secret would not reach him until he was able to have a proper talk with the Half-Elf.

A talk with just the two of them.

“Oi! I said don’t sleep on me!” Morgana shook the Elf, but the latter had already decided to sleep. If Kenneth wanted to sleep, not even an earthquake would be enough to wake him up from his slumber.

“This hateful person!” Morgana tossed Kenneth back to the bed with a huff. She wasn’t able to get her answers because the Elf had no intention of saying anything.  

“Fine, if you want to play it the hard way then so be it.” Morgana placed her hand over Kenneth’s head. “Since you want to sleep so badly, I’ll let you sleep forever!”

Ashe immediately grabbed Morgana’s wrist and pulled it away .

“Don’t do it,” Ashe said. “We don’t know his relationship with Will’s mother. If something bad happens to him, our relationship with our mother-in-law might get sour.”

Morgana knew that Ashe was right, but she was still feeling angry. In the end, she settled on pulling the cheeks of the hateful Elf until they reddened to oblivion.







Chapter 629

Thunderous drum beats permeated the air.

Towering Giants wielding their weapons of war shouted their war cries.

Beasts of all shapes and sizes roared in defiance.  

And the Spectres of the Undead screamed in the sky as they waited for the Aesirs in the Plains of Asgard. This was the unwritten rule that both parties had agreed upon, and so they formed their ranks and waited for their opponents to arrive.

The Aesirs, the proud defenders of the Tree of Yggdrasil, answered their challenge. The gates of Valhalla opened and millions of human warriors marched towards the greatest battle that would decide the destiny of the entire world.

They were the human warriors who had been slain on the battlefield, and personally ferried by the Valkyries back to Asgard, in order to fight for the long-standing peace of the Nine Realms.

These mighty warriors stepped on the Bi-Frost Bridge and, among them, a silver-haired teenager, wielding a spear, led his contingent to war. All the warriors of Valhalla had mobilized for this moment, and none of them would shy away from this war.  

The God of Trickery, Loki, sneered when he saw these human warriors. When half of the warriors had passed through the bridge, the vengeful god snapped his fingers.

Suddenly, the bridge shattered, causing millions of human warriors to fall to their doom. This unexpected turn of events not only surprised the Asgardians, but the Giants who were also allied with Loki.  

Both parties didn’t expect that the God of Tricks had already planned for this for many years, and he was only waiting for an opportunity to use the seed he had planted long ago.  

“LOKI!”  

A loud roar followed by the rumbling of thunder and lightning pierced the sky.  

Thor, the Champion of Asgard, rode his mighty chariot pulled by two Goats. Their names were Tanngrisnir and Tanngnjostr.  

He had never hated Loki as much as he hated him at that moment. Not only did he betray them, he also schemed to exterminate the majority of the Einherjars that Valhalla had raised for thousands of years.

“William!” A valkyrie with golden hair and blue eyes dove towards her Beloved that was about to fall to his doom.  

Several other valkyries rushed to save their champions from certain death.

William reached out his hand and Wendy caught it without fail. She then flapped her mighty wings and flew upwards. Deep inside she wished she could have done more, but there was very little that she could do.

At the very least, she wouldn’t allow her husband to fall to his death due to the scheming of the hateful God, Loki.

Out of the millions of warriors that had fallen off the bridge, only several thousand had been pulled back from the jaws of death.

All of them had already died once, but if they died one more time, there would be no going back. The Goddess of the Dead, Hel, one of Loki’s children, wouldn’t allow these warriors to revive a second time.

Heimdall raised his sword and the bridge was reconstructed. This time, all the remaining warriors that were waiting their turn to cross the rainbow bridge, ran towards it in fury. They had seen how their brothers died without glory or honor.

For these warriors, this was their everything.  

The only thought in their minds right now was to kill as many giants as they could in order to pacify the souls of their dead brethren who had failed to die on the battlefield. They vowed that they would make Loki pay for his underhanded trick that led them to their second demise.

“To war!” Odin shouted as he sat on top of Sleipnir, the eight-legged horse, which was also one of Loki’s children. “For Asgard and the Nine Realms!”

“”For Asgard and the Nine Realms!””

The Asgardians flew towards the battlefield with their mighty steeds and chariots.  

Loki watched all of this with a sneer. He had long waited for this day. A day where he would personally see the downfall of everything Odin and Thor held dear in their hearts. While he was at it, he would also destroy the World Tree, and end the other worlds that resided within it.

“Death!” Loki shouted as he raised his sword. “Kill the Asgardians! Send them all to Hell!”

“”Death!””

The ground trembled as the Giants advanced, Trolls, and Monstrous Beasts advanced.  

The Human Warriors and the Aesirs charged at them fearlessly. When the two forces collided, blood sprayed in the air en masse. Everyone fought against each other, without holding back.  

Roars, war cries, screams, and curses rang out in the bloody battlefield.

It was complete pandemonium, and in the middle of all of this chaos, a silver spear shone brightly. William Pendragon, fought fearlessly as he thrust his spear into the head of a Mountain Troll.  

“Ignite! ” William roared. “Flame Tempest!”

Immediately, the head of the Mountain Troll exploded, making its giant body collapse to the ground. Although they had very strong regeneration, they were not invincible. Fire and acid were their weaknesses, and William had been bestowed the power of Ice and Flames after he had received the Right of Purification in order to become an Einherjar.

Suddenly, William jumped to his right side and rolled to the ground. A few seconds later, a corpse of one of the warriors of Valhalla smashed on the place where he stood. The poor warrior almost turned into meat paste after being thrown full-force by a giant that found William an eyesore.

William gritted his teeth as he faced the towering Giant alone.  

The giant smashed his Giant War Axe towards the pesky little man, but the attack was disrupted halfway due to a powerful attack that collided with the Giant’s waist.

“I won’t let you hurt him!”

The Giantess, Chiffon, had seen that William was at a disadvantage and rushed to his rescue. It was because of the silver-haired teenager that she left her homeworld and traveled with him back to Asgard.  

Chiffon didn’t care about the purpose of the war. All she cared about was William. She wasn’t that smart, but she would fight to the teeth to protect the person she loved.

The Giantess’ weapon was a giant spiked club that Wendy had taken from the treasury of Valhalla. It was one of the prizes that Thor had brought back to the battlefield, and it belonged to one of the Giants he had slain in battle.

Since none of the Human Warriors could wield such a weapon, it had remained in the treasury for hundreds of years. Now, it had found its new owner, and its new Master was not afraid to use it to brutally smash her opponents with all of her strength.

William wasn’t being idle either. After Chiffon had made the Giant lose its balance, he imbued the spear in his hand with both Magic and Battle Aura.  

“Frostfire Fury!” William shouted as he threw the spear towards the Giant’s chest.  

The silver spear was covered in red and blue flames that made it transform into a small blazing comet. This was one of William’s strongest attacks and it had enough power to pierce through a Giant’s protective armor, and cause massive damage to its body.

As expected, the Giant roared in pain after receiving William’s deadly attack. However, it was far from dying.

Chiffon jumped high in the air shouting a warcry before smashing her spiked club on the giant’s head. Due to William’s sudden attack, the Giant wasn’t able to defend itself and died a gruesome death from Giantess’ merciless strike.

“Traitor!” one of the Giants who had seen his fallen comrade die under Chiffon’s hands bellowed. “I will kill you!”

Chiffon was unfazed as she stood in front of William.  

The silver-haired warrior raised his hand and the silver spear returned to its rightful owner.

“Chiffon, let’s fight together,” William said.

“Yes,” Chiffon replied as she smiled happily. “Let’s fight together, Will!”

Not far from them, a Half-Elf with tears streaming down the side of his face, watched helplessly. His heart ached, for what was about to come. He knew, more than anything else, that no matter how fierce the silver-haired warrior and the pink-haired Giantess fought, the outcome would remain the same.

“The end of the world cannot be stopped,” William said sadly. “The outcome of this battle has long been set in stone.”

William raised his hand and reached out towards the sky.

“The past cannot be changed, but the present belongs to us,” William’s voice gained strength.  

“You made a mistake.”

“You shouldn’t have shown me this past.”

“You shouldn’t have made me angry!”

Optimus had been with William ever since he was a child. It was very easy for it to know what the Shepherd wanted to have happen.  

< Initiating Merging of Job Classes >

< Choosing the Optimal Job Classes for best results >

< Choices Confirmed! >

– Prince of Thunder

– Runemaster

– Ninja

– Elemental Lord

– Gladiator

< Proceed to Merging Job Classes >

< Merging in progress >

< Current Progress 1% >

William eyed the progression bar, and ignored the battle that was happening around him.

Since the past couldn’t be changed, no matter how much he cried, pleaded, and screamed, nothing would change. Right now, the only thing he could do was wait.

Wait for the time when he would break free from his prison.

Wait for the time when he would unleash his fury upon those who touched his reverse scale.

Wait for the time when he would be reunited with the pink-haired girl, who had already found a place inside his heart.







Chapter 630

Chiffon’s body was submerged in a small pool filled with flower petals. Her body had already been cleaned, and purified. What was left were the finishing touches, before she wore the bridal gown that the Guardian had personally chosen from the Shop of Babylon for her to wear.  

A few minutes later, a lady wearing a veil approached the pool, carrying a bath towel.

“Come,” the lady ordered.

Chiffon stood up and waded towards the lady, who had the towel spread out wide. As the lady dried the body of the little girl, she couldn’t help but be amazed at how smooth, and radiant Chiffon’s skin was.

Perhaps it was due to the cleansing, or the purification ceremony, but the young girl’s skin had returned to its clean and untainted state.  

After drying her off, the lady led her to a room where a two-meter-tall mirror stood. Chiffon gazed at this mirror unflinchingly, and stood straight. No ripples of emotions could be seen in her eyes.

Two ladies wearing veils that covered their faces helped her put on her wedding dress. After they finished, they then moved to arrange Chiffon’s hair.  

The little girl’s smooth, and silky long hair was arranged neatly into a princess hairstyle that highlighted her natural beauty. The boys in the academy that had ridiculed her in the past, would definitely widen their eyes in disbelief were they to see Chiffon’s current form.

Back then she was like an ugly caterpillar that no one wanted to touch, now, she was a bewitching butterfly that everyone wanted to covet.

The two ladies worked hand in hand, and soon they finished the bride’s preparations. Chiffon faced the mirror wearing a pink bridal gown.

“Young Lady, you are very beautiful,” one of the ladies that dressed her up said softly.

Chiffon didn’t reply. Perhaps, she didn’t even hear the lady’s flattery.  

The pink glowing flower hovered above the little girl’s chest, and acted like a matching accessory. It looked so beautiful, so radiant, and brimming with life. It was the complete opposite of its owner, whose consciousness had been sealed inside the flower itself.

A moment later, the door of the room opened.  

The old woman entered and looked at the young bride with satisfaction.  

“Both of you did well,” the old woman said to Chiffon’s two handmaidens.  

She then turned to the pink-haired doll who was blankly staring at the mirror and gave an order.  

“Come, Chiffon.” The old woman extended her wrinkled hands to the young bride. “His Excellency, Belial, awaits. You shouldn’t keep your groom, and future Master waiting.”

Chiffon turned around and walked towards the old woman. She then placed her hand on the old woman’s wrinkly palm, and allowed the old hag to guide her towards the portal she had opened.  

After passing through the portal, they arrived on a wide open plain. It was a crimson world, in which everything, as far as the eye could see, was the shade of red. From the ground, to the sky, to the towering pyramid where the little girl’s wedding would take place, everything was dyed in the color of blood.

Countless Yara-ma-yha-whos, Cockatrice, Basilisks, and other monstrosities gathered at the bottom of the pyramid. When the old woman and Chiffon appeared, the horde of monstrosities parted, and allowed the two to pass.

The old woman stood in front, Chiffon at her back, and the two ladies behind the little girl. Several other ladies wearing veils walked alongside them.

The monsters looked at this procession with excitement. They had already been told that their Master was going to get married today, and with it, they would be freed from the tower.  

Belial’s aim was to first conquer the City of Babylon and make it his base of operation. After this was done, he would increase the number of his army and start his conquest of the nearby lands. He wasn’t afraid of any kind of opposition, for he was confident in his strength.  

The Guardian of the 51st Floor had long prepared for the day of his conquest, and only a handful of individuals had the power to stop him in his tracks.

When the procession arrived at the base of the Pyramid, a red mist descended from the heavens. The old woman smiled and walked to the side, allowing her Master to take a look at his young bride.

The red mist gathered and transformed into a handsome man with dark blue hair and eyes. There were two curved black horns on his forehead which signified that he wasn’t a Human.  

Belial walked towards his bride and lowered his head until the beautiful flower that hovered in front of Chiffon’s chest was mere inches away from his face.

The Guardian of the 51st Floor inhaled deeply and savored the fragrance of the heart that he coveted.

“Such a sublime fragrance,” Belial praised. “Worthy of the last offering that will free me from this tower.”

He took another whiff before sighing in pleasure.

“My bride is such a beauty,” Belial said as he gently caressed the side of Chiffon’s face. He liked how soft and smooth Chiffon’s skin was, and it almost made Belial lose to the temptation that he was trying so hard to suppress.

“Come, Chiffon, my little pet,” Belial said as he held the young girl’s hand. “I will grant your final wish to marry someone. After that, I will feast on your heart, body, and soul.”

Belial led the little girl to climb the steps up the pyramid. He would glance at his young bride from time to time. Clearly, he was looking forward to plucking the innocent girl’s flower, and savoring it, to his heart’s content.

It didn’t take long before they reached the top, where an Altar had already been set in place. Standing on a small podium was a lady wearing a veil. She would be the one to officiate Chiffon’s and Belial’s wedding.

The old woman and the ladies standing beside her, looked up at their Master. The monsters of the Devil’s floor also looked up. They were all looking forward to seeing the flower on Chiffon’s chest bloom to its fullest once her Heart Devil’s final wish was fulfilled.

The Priestess who stood before Chiffon and Belial opened the holy book in her hand and recited the opening phrases.

“We are all gathered here today to witness and celebrate the union of Chiff–”

Suddenly, a loud clap of thunder roared in the sky with a fury, preventing the Priestess from finishing her words.

A large bolt of lightning descended from the heavens and striked near the base of the pyramid, obliterating the monsters who were unlucky enough to be in its landing site.

Belial, the Priestess, and the monsters gathered around the pyramid stared at the gatecrasher who dared to appear before them.

A teenage boy with blazing red hair looked up at the tower with his glowing green eyes. His gaze landed on the young bride, and the anger that he had bottled up in his chest broke out like a raging river.

—–

< Merging Successful >

< The Unique Prestige Class, Einherjar, has been unlocked! >

—–

“Get your filthy hands off my bride,” William declared. “The one she will be marrying is me.”

William’s red hair lengthened and slowly changed color until it became silver-white. It looked exactly like the hairstyle he had in his past life when he still bore the name William Pendragon.  

The Half-Elf summoned Stormcaller and Soleil, and held them in each of his hands. Clearly, he was planning to go all out, and make the bastard, who stood beside Chiffon, regret his decision for setting his eyes on his woman.  

Lightning crackled on Stormcaller’s body, and Soleil’s body blazed.  

The old woman’s eyes widened in shock because she recognized who the troublemaker was. She had already made sure that the Half-Elf wouldn’t be able to break free of his prison, by increasing the power of the Heart’s Devil that would corrupt William’s soul.  

The old woman was already looking forward to making William her pet after his Heart Devil finished eating away his consciousness and willpower. Never in her dreams did she think that her future toy would be standing in front of her, with the intention of fighting against them.  

It was at that moment when the loud toll of a bell spread across the entire floor.

It marked the beginning of a battle that would shake the very foundations of the Tower of Babylon, and change the course of its history, forever.







Chapter 631

< Einherjar >

– The Einherjars are the Elite Warriors chosen by Odin, and blessed by the Goddess Freya. They are handpicked among the brave warriors that the Valkyries have taken to Valhalla in order to protect the Nine Realms, and fight those who threaten its peace.  

– They are the warriors who stood above others, and were the pinnacle of mankind. Once they received the blessing, their bodies were reformed and strengthened, until they could be born anew as Einherjars.  

– They are the last line of defense against the Prophecy of Ragnarok, where the fate of the Nine Realms will be decided.  

– Prestige Class Unique Skill: Heroes of Valhalla

– Prestige Class Unique Skill: World End Tempest

– Prestige Class Unique Bonus: Receives +100 Enhancement Bonus to all stats

– Unlocked Title: Army of One  

– Unlocked Title: Jack of All Trades (Incomplete Version)

– Unlocked Title: One Who Breaks The Rules

< Army of One >

– +50 Enhancement Bonus to all stats

< Jack of All Trades (Incomplete Version)

– Receives +150 Enhancement Bonus to all stats

< One Who Breaks The Rules >

– The Einjerjar can forcefully break the rules of any plane of existence as long as he is willing to pay the price for it.  

– Each time the Einherjar uses this power, he will lose a random memory from his previous life. The more powerful the rule, the more memories will be erased, never to return again.  

—-

Belial snorted in disdain. It had been hundreds of years since someone had dared to challenge him openly. All those who did had already been dealt with, and transformed into one of the monstrosities that were present inside the Devil’s Floor.

For him, William was just one of those stupid mortals who thought that they could challenge the authority of one of the Guardians that ruled a floor in the Tower of Babylon.

In the Hall of Guardians, Xod, Oogwei, Yves, JellyBelle, and the other Guardians from the 1st up to the 50th Floor were watching the events that were unfolding at the 51st Floor.

JellyBelle had planted a miniature piece of itself in William’s body, allowing it to see everything on the mysterious floor that they had no idea about.

They had seen William fight the Yara-ma-yha-whos, and the other Beasts in the maze.  

For the first time in a thousand years, they had seen what the Devil Floor was like and the Guardian that resided on it.  

Even though Xod had grudges with William, he didn’t like the fact that a Guardian had done the taboo. Instead of giving the players a chance to clear his floor, Belial prevented anyone from conquering his domain. The Renegade Guardian even resorted to eating their hearts, which made the other Guardians look at him in contempt.

“So, this is why no one has cleared the 51st Floor in the last thousand years.” Oogwei sighed. “This is simply tyranny.”

The other Guardians nodded their heads in agreement. They knew full well that no one could beat a Guardian on its own floor, even if the challenger was a Demigod.  

They could only watch the silver-haired teenage boy with pity, because there was no way for him to beat Belial, who was the reigning God of the 51st Floor.

Belial pointed his hand at William and sneered.  

“Kill him,” Belial ordered. “I have no need for his heart. All of you can have it!”

The Guardian of the 51st Floor then stared at the Priestess, hinting her to continue the wedding ceremony.  

The old woman wanted to protest because she had already claimed William for herself, but against Belial’s orders, her voice carried little power. She could only sigh in her heart and curse William for being stupid.

‘You should have just allowed yourself to become my toy. At least you will be alive.’ The old woman lamented. ‘Such a waste. I guess I will have to settle for another toy when we are freed from this tower.’

Hundreds of Yara-ma-yha-whos lunged at William with bloodshot eyes. Since their Master had given his order, they would definitely carry it out without fail.

William ignored these little vampires and hurled Soleil towards Belial who had already turned his back on him. After throwing his spear, he raised stormcaller and zapped the living daylights of the obnoxious, creepy vampires that had once scared Chiffon out of her wits.

Soleil flew straight and true, leaving a blazing trail in its wake. However, when it was only a meter away from Belial’s head, it stopped completely as if it had come across an invisible barrier.

“True marriage is more than joining the bonds of marriage of two persons,” The Priestess said as she read the book in her hand. “It is the union of two hearts. It lives on the love you give each other and never grows old, but thrives on the joy of each new day.”

Belial laughed internally. He was merely going through the motions of the wedding in order to make Chiffon’s heart bloom fully. He didn’t care about the nonsense of the union of two hearts, he was someone who ate people’s hearts!

He once again glanced at his young bride, and the pink flower whose radiance was steadily increasing. Letting the final wishes of those that had succumbed to the Heart Devil be fulfilled brought out the greatest power in their hearts.

It was the power that Belial wished to acquire, so he was willing to play his part, and become the groom of the pitiful girl, who wished to marry the person she loved.

The Priestess was about to say more, but her words were once again interrupted when Belial’s body was kicked off from the top of the Pyramid by the silver-haired Half-Elf that had materialized behind him.

Belial quickly regained his balance as he floated in the air. He then narrowed his eyes as he looked at William with a serious expression. The Guardian didn’t know how the irritating teenager managed to break through the barrier he had erected.

This barrier was made from the laws of his Domain. No ordinary being would be able to simply ignore the rules that he had set beforehand. Only a Demigod was able to do this, and clearly, the boy in front of him was not one.

William didn’t have time to glance at his status page because of the situation at hand. If he had time, he would be surprised to see his current stats were boosted by his Shepherd Skill, Heroism.

—

< Einherjar >

Name: William Von Ainsworth

Race: Half-Elf

Health Points: 365,100 / 365,100

Mana: 396,600 / 396,600

Job Class: Quick Shot Shepherd (Level 30)

Sub Class: Einherjar (Level 20)

< Strength: 258 (+972) >

< Agility: 275 (+997) >  

< Vitality: 254 (+966) >

< Intelligence: 295 (+1,027)>

< Dexterity: 315 (+1,058) >

—

Right now, William’s stats had boosted him into the Initial stages of the Saint Rank. This was good news for him because he wasn’t able to use his Heroic Avatar Skill because a week hadn’t passed since he last used it.

“What you’re doing is futile.” Belial sneered. “No matter what you do, you won’t win! If you kneel before me, I will show mercy on you and make you one of my generals. This is your final chance to keep your pitiful life, Mongrel.”

William ignored the Guardian’s words and stood as straight as a sword. Soleil and Stormcaller floated above his head like bodyguards that were waiting for the order of their Master. With just a thought, the two Sentient Weapons would immediately take action, and raze the surroundings in a rain of fire and lightning.

“Heroes of Valhalla,” William said and activated the Einherjar’s unique skill.

Immediately thirteen perfect clones of William appeared behind him. Each of these clones were as strong as William, and was able to use all of the abilities he possessed.  

One of the clones grabbed Stormcaller, and another one held Soleil.  

Rhongomyniad flew out of the gem on William’s Chest and landed in the hands of another clone.

‘Optimus, do it,’ William ordered. ‘I don’t care how much it costs. Just do it!’

< Understood. >

< Purchasing all the weapons from the God Shop >

< Longinus successfully bought for 200,000 God Points >

< Khryselakatos successfully bought for 200,000 God Points >

< Gungnir successfully bought for 200,000 God Points >

< Gaebolg successfully bought for 200,000 God Points >

< Caliburn successfully bought for 200,000 God Points >

< Grail Sword successfully bought for 200,000 God Points >

< Galatine successfully bought for 200,000 God Points >

< Arondight successfully bought for 200,000 God Points >

< Courechouse successfully bought for 200,000 God Points >

< Clarent successfully bought for 200,000 God Points >

The weapons that William had bought all landed in the hands of his clones.

These were the weapons that were part of his Lightning God War Art that he hadn’t used in the past because his strength was not enough to unlock all of them.

However, now it was different. As an Einherjar, he specialized in wielding all kinds of weapons thanks to the Gladiator Class that Optimus had chosen. With this, William’s clones were now able to enact all of his War Arts using the original weapons.  

What did this mean? This meant that there would no longer be a time limit of one minute when the skill was used. As long as his clones were active, they would be able to use their weapons’ respective war art, infinitely.

After they had received their respective weapons, the thirteen clones moved a few meters away from William and Chiffon, with their weapons pointed in thirteen different directions. They were like the members of the Royal Guard that protected their King from any threat that would put his life at harm.

William held Chiffon’s hand and gave it a light squeeze before glancing at the Priestess who was still holding the book in her hands.  

“Resume the ceremony,” William said. “I am the one who will be marrying this girl.”

William expected that the Priestess would not cooperate, but to his surprise, the latter only nodded her head and continued where she had left off earlier.

“May you always be able to talk things over, to confide in each other, to laugh with each other, to enjoy life together, and to share moments of quiet and peace, when the day is done. May you be blessed with a lifetime of happiness and a home of warmth and understanding.”

After saying these words, the corner of the lady’s lips curled up into a smile. She had come to fulfill the promise that she had made thousands of years ago. However, she could only do so much.

She hoped that the silver-haired warrior in front of her would be strong enough to protect his young bride. Because if not then the price she had to pay to enter the Tower of Babylon would all be in vain.







Chapter 632

Belial raised his hand and the forces under his command roared in unison.  

“Kill!” Belial ordered as he flew towards William. He planned to deal with the troublemaker himself, and leave the clones to his subordinates.

Seeing that the Guardian decided to face him head-on, William answered the challenge. He wouldn’t allow any other man to marry Chiffon. The pink-haired girl had already suffered so much in her previous and current lifetime.

If he allowed the Guardian to eat her heart then he wouldn’t be able to forgive himself for the rest of his life.

William held the wooden staff that had accompanied him since his childhood. For others, this weapon must be the most mundane weapon in existence. However, only a few knew this weapon’s true form.

It was the weapon that the God of Shepherds had carried since he was born in the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods. It was quite similar to Lily’s weapon, a candy cane. If one were to only look at it at face value, it was not threatening at all.

William still didn’t know the true form of his wooden staff, but there was something he knew with certainty. The wooden staff in his hand was indestructible.

Even if he faced off against the sharpest sword in the multiverse, his staff wouldn’t be cut in two.

He decided to fight against Belial since the latter wouldn’t dare to harm Chiffon because he needed her heart. William also feared that the pink-haired girl would be caught in the crossfire, so he decided to battle Belial in the sky.

“Illuminate the World!” one of William’s clones shouted. “Rhongomyniad!”

A blinding beam of light obliterated the Yara-ma-yha-whos that was in front of William’s clone. They all had their respective defending positions, and they would not allow anyone to come near the altar.

“Exterminate,” another one of William’s clones chanted as he pulled back the string of the bow in his hands “Khyrselakatos!”

A green arrow shot forth from the bow and multiplied into the tens of thousands, hitting everything in a spray shot. The monsters that were hit by this attack shrieked in pain because the arrows shot by this bow carried a deadly poison.

“Strike with unparalleled precision, Gungnir!”

“Pierce through the void, Longinus”

“Go for the kill, Gaebolg!”

Waves upon waves of monsters tried to climb up the pyramid in order to deal with William’s clones. Their numbers were endless, but the clones stood their ground and attacked any monster that came within their weapon’s respective range.

William’s clone, who was holding Arondight, held Chiffon’s hand as the Priestess continued the wedding in the midst of the chaotic battle.

Meanwhile, above the pyramid, Belial and William clashed against each other. Their powerful collisions sent shockwaves in the air, and sounded like peals of thunder.

“Quick Shot War Art, First Form!” The tip of William’s staff collided with Belial’s sword, which the latter used to defend itself from William’s frenzied attack. “Railgun!”

The Guardian was blasted away by the power of William’s War Art. Not only that, Belial’s chest had a gaping hole in it, which had surprised not only the Guardian of the 51st Floor, but the other Guardians of the Tower as well.

“It is still useless,” Oogwei said. “No matter how many times Belial is injured, as long as he is inside his Domain, no one can kill him.”

Just like the small turtle said, Belial’s injury regenerated at a rapid pace.

“You won’t win!” Belial sneered. “Just surrender and accept your fate!”

“You’re right, I may not win,” William admitted as he took a fighting stance. “But, I will also not lose.”

As if to prove his point, William once again closed the distance and slammed his weapon full force on Belial’s head.  

The Guardian activated the powers of the world to defend himself from William’s attack. But, the barrier he had erected immediately shattered and the wooden staff smashed Belial’s head like a watermelon.

As soon as the attack connected, William felt that he had forgotten something.

Something very important to him, but he knew that there was no other way to deal with the current situation.

Memories of smiling children, the kind auntie at the orphanage who would always bake cookies for them during the weekends, and a few other memories slowly disappeared without a trace.

“I told you it’s useless!” Belial roared and materialized behind William, giving him a strong kick that sent the silver-haired warrior towards the ground.

William twisted his body and a powerful gust of wind erupted under his feet, breaking his fall and allowing him to soar towards the sky and fight the Guardian for another round.

Belial clicked his tongue in irritation. Although he could materialize and interfere with the challengers in his floor, there were still many rules within the tower that prevented him from doing certain things.

His inability to muster the full power of his Divinity was one of them. Although he had broken the taboo, there were just some things that he couldn’t do as long as he was in the Tower of Babylon. As long as the requirements weren’t met, his hands and feet were tied and he could only fight William with his Demonic Legion with the current power he had in the physical body he was currently residing in.

“You leave me no choice!” Belial roared as he flew straight towards Chiffon. Although her heart still hadn’t bloomed to its fullest, the power of the Divinity inside it would be enough to allow him to break the shackles that bound him to the Tower of Babylon.

Although it is regrettable, he wouldn’t allow anyone to get in the way of his thousand-year-wait for freedom.

William’s clone who was holding Chiffon’s hand narrowed his gaze as he aimed Arondight at the approaching Guardian, who was determined to take the heart of their bride.  

“Cut through the firmament!” the Clone shouted, “Raze the world, Arondight!”

A reddish-black beam of light erupted at the tip of the Demonic Sword that was said to equal the power of the Sword Caliburn. Caliburn was a sword that was said to be more powerful than the Holy Sword, Excalibur.

For Arondight to be labeled as its equal, proved that this Demonic Sword, that was said to be capable of butchering dragons, was one of the strongest Legendary Weapons in existence.

Belial gritted his teeth as he disappeared from the path of the beam of light that was meant to obliterate his body.

He then reappeared in front of the clone and delivered a powerful palm strike that sent it flying.

Belial didn’t even bother to look at what happened to the annoying clone and hurriedly grabbed Chiffon in a Princess Carry.  

He then turned into a mist carrying the girl towards the sky. The Guardian planned to take Chiffon to the safest place in his Domain, where he would ravage every part of her being. Belial even concocted a sinister plan to cast a projection into the skies of his domain, and show William how helpless he was to even attempt to prevent the Guardian from ravaging his young bride.  

The Guardian planned to do this out of spite, and show William that he couldn’t stop the inevitable. As long as he was in his Domain, the laws of the world would bend to his will!

Chiffon didn’t show any kind of resistance and merely stared blankly in space. However, a tear slid down at the corner of her eyes. Belial was in too much of a hurry to notice this change. All he wanted to do was to escape to a place where William couldn’t reach him, and let his countless demonic legion to tear the silver-haired warrior, and his hateful clones, to shreds.







Chapter 633

William sped upwards with all his might in order to catch up to the fleeing Guardian. Something was telling him that if he allowed Belial to leave his sights, he would never see Chiffon ever again.

The mist that carried the pink-haired girl condensed together and Belial took on his Demonic form. He was just a few hundred meters away from the anchor that bound him to the Domain. As long as he would be able to pass that point, he would be able to get rid of the pursuer that was slowly closing the gap between them.

As the Guardian made his final sprint, a portal appeared a few meters in front of him.

Two colorful birds flew past him and glared hatefully at the person who tried to take their close friend against her will.

“F*ck you!” B1 screeched as it unleashed a barrage of magic missiles from the two lollipops it was holding in its claws.

The Magic Missiles’ damage was dependent upon William’s intelligence stat. Right now, the Half-Elf’s intelligence stat was at 1,322, which allowed the power of the indigo lollipop to reach a threatening level.

B1 had properly aimed his attack in order to not hurt Chiffon. The magic bullets peppered Belial’s body making him lose his hold on the young lady in his arms.  

The Guardian was about to retrieve the girl, but a second wave of Magic Bullets once again slammed into his body without any shred of mercy.

“F*ck you too!” B2 cursed out of anger.  

The attack had pushed Belial away, preventing him from chasing the falling girl, and bringing her to his private Domain.

Unbeknownst to William, Chiffon had secretly made B1 and B2 her Beast Companions. The two Dumb Birds had been the pink-haired girl’s close friends ever since William had brought her to the Thousand Beast Domain.

They had long wanted to appear on the Devil’s Floor because they had sensed that something had happened to Chiffon. However, the laws of the world had prevented them from doing so.

When William’s clone, who was wielding Arondight, unleashed a powerful attack, the two birds’ connection to Chiffon strengthened, allowing them to come to her rescue.

Belial roared in anger as he reformed his body and regenerated his wounds. He was about to try again to reclaim the young bride, when two powerful screeches rang in his ear.

“”Brave Angray Bird!””

The two dumb birds’ bodies grew until their wingspan was three meters long.  

B1 transformed into a Red Phoenix, while B2 transformed into a Blue Phoenix.

The two phoenixes shrouded themselves in flame as they rammed Belial with their body.

“F*cking Cunt, how dare you hurt our Chiffon?!” B1 cursed angrily and clawed Belial’s face until its blazing claws drew blood.

B2 wasn’t being idle either as it used its burning wings to slap Belial’s back making him cough a mouthful of green blood.  

“B*tch, this Sir is going to tear you apart. F*cking motherf*cker!” B2 cursed as it clawed, pecked, and slapped Belial with its wings, causing the Guardian to scream in pain.

While the two Angray Birds were going on a rampage, William caught Chiffon and headed back towards the Pyramid.  

He knew that as long as the pink flower didn’t return to where it belonged inside Chiffon’s body, her safety was still an issue.  

William noticed that Chiffon’s body felt cold to the touch. Perhaps, it was due to the humidity in the atmosphere, or perhaps Belial’s coldness had rubbed off on her when he carried her towards the skies.

The Half-Elf hugged the girl tighter. He wanted to share his warmth with her, and make sure that she didn’t suffer from the cold.

The Clones were busy fending off the minions of the Guardians with their superior firepower. Even though they were completely outnumbered, the power of the Legendary Weapons was not something to sneeze at.

William landed beside the altar while hugging Chiffon. He then looked at the Priestess and asked for the ceremony to continue.

The Priestess nodded her head, but instead of continuing to read the book, she closed it and made a gesture to William.

“Say your vows to her,” The Priestess said. “Since she is incapable of giving an answer, it is up to you to profess your feelings for her.”

William glanced at the young bride in his arms. He understood that the Priestess was right, and there was no way for Chiffon to answer his vow. However, that was fine with him.  

In their past lifetime, it was Chiffon that chased after him. Now, it was his turn. William lowered his body and knelt in front of the pink-haired girl who had accompanied him in his journey through the Tower of Babylon.

While the time that they had spent together was not that long, William knew in his heart that he wanted Chiffon to be part of his life forever.

“I pledge to honor you, love you, and cherish you, as my wife today and every day,” William said softly amidst the great battle that was happening around them.

The roars, screams, and war cries, weren’t able to pierce the soundproofing spell that he had erected around the altar.  

“Today I say, ‘I do’ but to me that means, ‘I will’,” William declared with all of his heart. “I will take your hand and stand by your side in the good and the bad. I dedicate myself to your happiness, success, and smile. I will love you forever.

“I promise to be your guiding light in the darkness, a warming comfort in the cold, and a shoulder to lean on when life is too much to bear on your own.”

William took out the box that Adephagia had given him when the two of them had met. The Goddess of Gluttony had said that the box would open at the right time, and William believed that “Now” was the right time.  

The moment the box was taken out of William’s storage ring, it floated in the air and opened by itself. Inside, a golden ring with runic carvings shimmered with expectations.  

William took the ring out from the box and reached out to hold Chiffon’s delicate left hand.

“I was supposed to say, give me your hand, and I will give you forever.” William smiled as he slid the ring that would mark Chiffon as his wife on her ring finger. “Instead, I will promise you that today I will have all the patience and passion that love demands. In the laughter and in the silence, I’ll be forever by your side.

“I love you, Chiffon.”

The Priestess nodded to acknowledge the vows that William had said. She didn’t expect that the boy would be this fluent in proposing his love. It was quite unfortunate that his young bride wasn’t able to say her own vows of love in her current state.

“William Von Ainsworth, you have expressed your love to your beloved, and through the commitment and promises you have just made. I now pronounce you husband and wife,” the Priestess announced. “You may now kiss the bride.”

William half rose as he cupped Chiffon’s face. He then pressed his lips over hers and gave her a sweet and lingering kiss.

A kiss that bound them together for the rest of their lives.

The pink flower that floated in front of Chiffon’s chest shone brightly. It was like a supernova that illuminated the crimson world that had remained unconquerable for the past thousand years.

When Belial saw this light, he roared in anger and tried to use his power as a Guardian to forcefully take Chiffon’s heart who had reached the pinnacle of its power. Unfortunately, the pink-haired girl’s two beast companions didn’t allow him to do as he wished.

“Not in my watch, Motherf*cker!” B1 angrily slapped Belial’s face with its blazing wing and pushed the Guardian a few meters away from his location.

B2’s body blazed in a blue radiance as it rammed Belial’s body with all its might.  

The two dumb birds were willing to use suicidal attacks to prevent Belial from acquiring their Master’s heart.

Belial screamed in anger and frustration as the two birds used their bodies to block him at every turn. Although B1 and B2 received severe injuries from Belial’s counter-attack they didn’t back away and continued their relentless attacks.

They’d rather burn their lives away than allow the Guardian to even touch a strand of hair from Chiffon’s head.

Back at the altar, the pink flower embedded itself into Chiffon’s chest then disappeared not long after.

It was also at that moment when William’s kiss ended. He was about to pull back, when a pair of soft and delicate hands cupped his face, stopping him from moving away.

Chiffon’s lifeless eyes slowly regained their vitality and stared straight into William’s own green eyes with tenderness.  

“Big Brother, was everything that you said earlier true?” Chiffon asked. “The vows that you made, are you going to fulfill them?”

“Yes,” William replied with a smile.

“Are we really married? Am I truly your wife?”

“Yes.”

“Big Brother, Do you love me?”

“I do.”

This time, Chiffon took the initiative and kissed William’s lips. Her soft lips, pressed over his as tears slid down the side of her face.

Right now, her heart was beating wildly inside her chest.  

She felt loved.

She felt happy.

She felt that her life was finally complete.

Amidst the chaos on that forsaken floor,

Amidst Belial’s angry screams,

Amidst the gazes of the other Guardians in the Tower of Babylon,

Two hearts that had been apart for thousands of years…  

Had finally become one.







Chapter 634

Within the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, a squeal of happiness broke the peace.

The Loli Goddess, Lily, touched her cheeks as she looked at the projection in front of her. She was fangirling so hard because William’s vow of love, and Chiffon’s assertiveness made her feel as if the one getting married was her and not Chiffon.

The little loli then jumped and gave the fat Goddess beside her a high five.  

Adephagia had tears streaming down from her eyes, but that didn’t stop her from celebrating with Lily.  

“Now William finally has a loli as his wife.” Lily laughed happily. “Big Brother really won the lottery this time.”

“Of course he won the lottery.” Adephagia laughed as she wiped the tears from her eyes. “That bastard used all the karma in all of his past lives just to marry my daughter. Hmp! If he dares bully Chiffon, I will descend to Hestia and sit on his head!”

Lily giggled because she knew that the Goddess of Gluttony was only half joking. She truly believed that if William really did treat Chiffon badly, Adephagia would stay true to her word and give William a piece of her mind.

Issei and David, who were standing a few meters away from the two Goddesses, exchanged a knowing look at each other.  

In a small hut outside the outskirts of the Temple, Gavin looked at the projection in front of him with a smile on his face.

He was still not fully recovered, but when he felt William use the blessing that he had given him in the past, the God of All Trades woke up from his slumber and watched as William battled for his lovely young bride, who was currently showering him with kisses.

“That’s my boy,” Gavin chuckled. However, his chuckle didn’t last long because of the sudden pain on his chest. Even so, he was truly happy because the boy had made him proud. He then laid back on the bed as he closed his eyes.

Gavin hoped that the next time he opened his eyes, William would have reached greater heights.

Also, he wished that his other disciple in Hestia would come and meet the boy. He believed that William would learn a lot from his Senior Brother.  

“Why are both of my followers so shameless? Is this a trait of those who follow my path?” The Jack of All Trades sighed before he closed his eyes to sleep. He didn’t know what would happen once his two disciples met.  

He could only hope that his two shameless, and arrogant, disciples would not band together to destroy an empire or two.

——

Chiffon kissed William lovingly.  

This was the first time that she had kissed someone, and for her, it tasted very sweet.

It was sweeter than the lollipops that the Half-Elf had given her. Perhaps, it was due to the overflowing love that she was feeling for William, and the latter’s overflowing love for her as well.

The two kissed, and kissed some more.

At first, the Priestess was smiling, and the clones were smiling.  

However, the two continued to keep kissing, not caring that the world around them was starting to become malevolent.

The Priestess cleared her throat, and decided to put an end to the newlywed’s public display of affection. There was something more important to take care of, and the two could continue kissing after they had survived the calamity they were about to face.

“It is best that you save your kisses for later,” the Priestess said. “The Guardian has decided to go all out and use the full power of his Domain to crush the two of you.”

The first to pull back was Chiffon.

She stared at the Priestess for a few seconds before giving William one last peck on the lips. After that, she held her cheeks in embarrassment, and averted her gaze.  

It was also at that moment when two figures fell from the sky and crashed at the base of the Pyramid. They were none other than B1 and B2, who had been slapped by Belial from the sky using his full power.  

“YOU PUNY MORTALS DARE TO DEFY THIS GOD?!” Belial’s hateful voice descended from the sky making the entire world tremble. “I WILL CAPTURE YOUR SOULS AND TORTURE THEM FOR ETERNITY!”

Suddenly, the world trembled for the second time. The eyes of the monsters around the pyramid glowed bloody red, and their bodies increased in size.  

The meter-tall Yara-ma-yha-whos became two meters tall, and the towering Cockatrice and Basilisk stared angrily at those who had defied their Master.

Belial transformed into a hundred-meter tall giant demonic creature with two pairs of bloody wings at its back. His two curved horns glowed in a crimson hue, and his eyes shone like the flames from hell.

Just like the Priestess said, Belial was now going all out. It seemed that he had reached the requirement to unlock his true form after William successfully married Chiffon.  

“Chiffon, let’s teach that Guardian a Lesson,” William said as he summoned his staff.  

“Un!” Chiffon replied as she stared at the Demon who tried to make her his wife. “B1, B2, let’s fight together!”

The two dumb birds forcefully propped themselves off the ground, before transforming into two beams of light.  

They merged together and entered Chiffon’s body.

A golden flame then started to burn on Chiffon’s forehead. The power of the flame intensified and rose up in the air until it became a foot long. Two pairs of wings sprouted behind Chiffon’s back. One of them was red, the other blue.  

Chiffon then equipped her Devourer’s Gauntlets. She then hovered in the air to match William’s height.  

‘Optimus, please. I’m counting on you,’ William said as he prepared himself to go all out against the Guardian of the 51st Floor.  

< Understood. Leave it to me, Will. >

Optimus knew that William would have no choice but to use the power of his skill, Rulebreaker, in order to effectively fight against Belial. They were at a disadvantage if the Guardian were to forcefully use the power of the Laws of the Tower against them.  

Although the price was steep, it was the price that William had to pay to fight against an opponent that was equal to a Demigod.  

William’s clones also took a fighting stance. Their aim was to annihilate the countless monsters in front of them and deal with the Guardian once and for all.

“Charge!” William ordered as he took the initiative to fly towards the towering Demonic Guardian in the distance.

Chiffon matched William’s speed and flew alongside him.

The thirteen Clones also followed suit, and flanked the two lovers on both sides.

“Kill!” Belial ordered as he unleashed a barrage of fireballs aimed in William’s and Chiffon’s direction.  

His plan, to extract the girl’s heart, was already in tatters. Even if he could capture Chiffon once again, he would no longer have the chance to absorb her power and Divinity.  

If he wanted to use the Heart Devil to corrupt Chiffon once again, he would have to wait a year to do so. That was time he no longer had because he decided to go all out and use the power of the Divinities that he had absorbed in the past.

The Clone that held Soleil sneered as he advanced to face the barrage of Fireballs that Belial had unleashed.  

“Absorb them all, Soleil!” the clone ordered.

Soleil answered his call and the fireballs were sucked into the spear’s blade, further empowering its capabilities.

“Bloom in the battlefield!” the clone roared. “Fleur Du Soleil!”

Soleil was a weapon of mass destruction. William had seen its full capabilities when Lugh, the God of the Sun, had used it during their battle in the Heavenly Domain.  

The flaming spear had long gained sentience and trailed across the sky like a falling meteor, that would burn and destroy everything around it.

The clone didn’t aim Soleil at Belial because he knew that it would be of no use. Belial could use the laws of the world to protect itself from most attacks, and William had to pay with his memories in order to break through them.

William had already communicated with them that it would be Chiffon and him who would fight against Belial. The Clones, on the other hand, would ensure that none of the Guardian’s minions would get in the way of their battle.

A world-shaking explosion took place as Soleil descended on the horde of monsters. It instantly annihilated everything that was several hundred meters away from its landing site, and razed the surroundings in a hellish flames.

“Fools, you forget that I am the God of this world!” Belial raised his hand and the flames that were spreading like wildfire rose into the sky and transformed into flaming wyverns that flew towards William’s group.

William’s clone sneered as he summoned Soleil back to his hands. “Fool, no matter what form it takes, flames will always be flames!”

The clone raised Soleil once again and all the Fire Wyverns were sucked into it like moths to a flame. Although Belial held the Divinity of Flames, Soleil was a weapon of the God of the Sun.  

Clearly, between his feeble flames and the might of the sun, Belial’s Divinity fell far too short.

The thousands of Basilisk that had grown up to twenty-meters long, raised their hands and unleashed a poison spray that was strong enough to kill a Centennial Beast in minutes.

William was about to use a spell to deflect their attacks, but he stopped after Chiffon took the initiative to fly ahead of their formation. The pink-haired girl then opened her mouth and a black rotating sphere appeared in front of it.  

Just like a small blackhole, the poison was devoured until nothing was left.

As if waiting for that cue, William’s clones spread out, and descended to the ground. Each of them unleashed the power of their legendary weapons causing massive destruction in their respective positions.

William and Chiffon zigzagged in the air as they dodged the red vines that Belial had summoned to capture them. They were the same vines that had wrapped around William’s body when he was still inside the Dream World that was made by his Heart Devil.  

Belial’s frenzied attacks didn’t faze the two lovers as they gathered the powers in their hands. The two worked together to deflect the Guardian’s attacks that they couldn’t dodge, as they closed the distance.

When they were only a hundred meters away from the towering Behemoth in front of them, the two glanced at each other and nodded their heads in unison.  

The four elements, as well as the power of lightning merged together in William’s hand creating a crackling rainbow sphere of elemental energy.

“Eradicate,” William roared. “World End…”

Countless red butterflies materialized around Chiffon as she, too, prepared her strongest attack.  

“Shatter the Void!” Chiffon shouted. “Blood Wing…”

“”Tempest!””

The two delivered their combined attacks at Belial’s chest. However, just like William expected a powerful barrier was erected in place.

William gritted his teeth as countless images from his past life disappeared from his memories.  

A beautiful lady with long black hair, holding a bow in her hand stood elegantly in the distance. Her pose was the image of perfection as she released the arrow from her hand.

A soft sob escaped William’s lips as the fleeting image escaped his memories. That was the first time she saw Belle in the academy, and he had fallen in love with her at first sight.  

William roared as his memories burned away. The barrier in front of him shattered and his attack, and Chiffon’s, slammed full force at the Guardian’s chest, destroying it completely.

The Guardians who were watching the battle couldn’t believe what they saw. They had long tossed away the idea of William being able to beat Belial successfully. But, the scene in front of them made them realize that they were completely wrong.  

Belial’s pained scream resounded throughout the Devil’s floor, and along with it, William’s first encounter with Belle was wiped away from his memory.  







Chapter 635

A powerful explosion shook the 51st Floor when its Guardian was blasted away by William’s and Chiffon’s combined attack.

“I-Impossible!” Belial gazed at his chest, where several cracks were spreading at a fast rate.  

He had utilized the laws of the Devil’s Floor to make himself practically untouchable, and invincible. However, for some reason, William had been constantly breaking the rules that he had set to prevent anyone from clearing the 51st Floor.

All the Guardians that saw this scene had a look of disbelief in their faces. They were not aware of the price that William had to pay, each time he broke the rules of the Tower of Babylon.

Belial slowly rose from the ground as the cracks continued to spread across his body.

William’s clones were decimating everything that surrounded them, so no monsters were able to come near their Master, who was on the verge of a complete breakdown.

“Who are you?!” Belial roared in anger. “Just who are you?!”

William sneered at the Guardian who dared to touch one of the most important people in his life.

“Just a Shepherd,” William replied. “And the lover of the girl you tried to marry against her will.”

Belial laughed. But, he didn’t laugh out of happiness. He laughed out of anger and frustration at his current circumstances.

The Guardian who ruled a floor of the Tower of Babylon was reduced to a sorry state, after eating the hearts of those who challenged his floor for the past thousand years. In truth, Belial had long lost the protection of the Tower of Babylon.

If he were to return to his homeworld, or try to leave the tower, he would immediately disintegrate into nothingness. This was why he had resolved himself to devour as many hearts as he could, until he was able to break free from his self imposed prison, which was the 51st Floor.

“This is not over!” Belial stated as his body crumbled little by little. “This is my Domain! As long as this Domain stands, I am immortal! I will return, and once I do, I will torture you and that little b*tch for eternity!”

“Sorry, but there won’t be a next time,” William replied as he looked at the pink-haired girl floating beside him.

“Chiffon, let’s fight together,” William said softly.  

Chiffon nodded and moved towards William. She then cupped William’s face and stared straight at his eyes.

“I love you, Big Brother,” Chiffon said affectionately. “Let’s end this, and return together.”

William wrapped his arms around her and stared back at her eyes filled with fondness. “I love you, too. After this, let’s get back together.”

A sweet, and beautiful smile bloomed on Chiffon’s face. This was the first time that William had seen Chiffon smile like this, and it made his heart skip a beat.  

The pink-haired girl then kissed William’s lips as the latter held her tight. A moment later, Chiffon turned into pink particles of light and flew towards the gem embedded in William’s chest.

“Familia… Oversoul.” William closed his eyes as Chiffon’s power and divinity merged with his own.  

A golden flame appeared on William’s forehead, just like it had with Chiffon earlier. The flame burned brightly, just like his young bride’s love for him.

Two pairs of blazing wings sprouted behind his back. The Devourer’s Gauntlets also equipped themselves on William’s hand and a powerful aura erupted around him.

William’s clones turned into colorful beams of light and merged with his body.  

The Legendary Weapons floated around William’s body as they gathered their powers to completely obliterate the Guardian that was barely hanging on to dear life.

William gathered the elemental powers in his hand and synchronized with the Legendary weapons around him.

“World End Tempest!”

William unleashed the strongest attack of his Einherjar Job Class. It was an ability that was created when the world was about to end. It was an attack that William had used when he faced the God of Destruction, who had razed the Nine Realms to the ground.

Answering to his call, Rhongomyniad, Gaebolg, Longinus, Khryselakatos, Gungnir, Caliburn, Grail Sword, Galatine, Arondight, and Courechouse unleashed their strongest attacks.  

Their combined attacks disintegrated Belial’s Giant body, creating a world-shattering explosion.

Belial’s hateful scream spread across the Devil’s Floor, but William knew that this was not enough to finish the Guardian. What he did was to simply prevent his opponent from taking material form.

Just as he expected, the crimson clouds in the sky swirled and took on the face of the Guardian that he had destroyed.

“Just you wait!” Belial’s hate-filled words made the entire Domain tremble. “I will be back! This is not over!”

William raised his head to look up at the sky. “No. This is over.”

When he had married Chiffon, the pink-haired girl was registered as one of his Familia Members.  

What did this mean?

This meant that William was able to use Chiffon’s Power and Divinity.  

—–

< Familia >

< Fourth Familia Member >

— Chiffon Hal Ainsworth

— Host is able to use Devour-EX (Divine)

— Host has acquired Familia Oversoul Skill

— Increase +30 enhancement bonus to all stats  

< Synchronization Rate: 35% >

—–

Belial was impossible to defeat completely as long as he was the Administrator of the 51st Floor. As long as the Devil’s Floor existed, Belial would be reborn again and again. This was the sole privilege that remained to him after breaking the taboo of the tower.

That same privilege was responsible for making the 51st Floor unconquerable.

Since that was the case, there was only one thing that William could do to ensure that the Guardian would cease to exist, and that was to devour the Devil’s Floor in its entirety!

“Devour-EX!”

The silver-haired Half-Elf opened his mouth and a rotating black sphere appeared in front of it. At first, this sphere was only the size of a golf ball, but it didn’t take long before it grew bigger, until it became as big as a basketball.

Belial sneered at William. He didn’t know what the boy was planning, but he was sure that no matter what his adversary did, it would still be useless against him.

It was at that moment when the air around William quivered. A few seconds later, one of the Yara-ma-yha-whos on the ground shrieked as it was pulled into the air by an invisible sucking force.

Soon, more monsters rose in the air, shrieking in panic and fear as a powerful force forced them off the ground.

It didn’t take long before Belial felt that something was terribly wrong. He felt that his connection with his minions were lost the moment they were swallowed by the black rotating sphere that hovered a few inches from William’s mouth.

Soon, the Crimson Clouds where he had taken form was also being pulled by the Sphere that seemed to devour everything in existence.

‘Not good!” Belial finally felt that his very existence was in mortal peril. He decisively used all the power he could muster to escape towards the private domain that he had planned to take Chiffon earlier.  

However, just as he was about to break free from the powerful suction that came from the black rotating sphere, two words reached his ears that made his blood turn cold.

“Duel-EX!”

Belial was alarmed when he realized that his current form was not responding to his orders, and thoughts.  

“NOOOOOOOOO!” Belial fired a barrage of spells at William in desperation, to prevent the silver-haired Half-Elf from devouring him.

All of the Guardian’s attacks were sucked up by the rotating Black Sphere, causing no damage whatsoever.

“YOU WON!” Belial shouted. “I RECOGNIZE YOU AS THE NEW OWNER OF THE 51ST FLOOR! YOU HAVE CLEARED THIS FLOOR!”

The power of the suction force grew stronger, devouring countless monsters from the ground. If Jekyll was around, he would definitely be surprised because William’s devouring power far exceeded his own.

“I don’t need your recognition,” William answered via telepathy. “I want your life!”

Belial struggled with every fiber of his being. He knew that the moment he was sucked by the rotating black sphere, he would cease to exist. Desperate for William’s mercy and forgiveness, the Guardian of the 51st Floor promised him many things.

Promises of great rewards that were only exclusive from the Tower of Babylon, but William wasn’t interested in such things.  

“Curse You!” Belial roared hatefully. “The other Guardians will avenge me! They will avenge me! You will pay for your insolence! They will rip your body apart and torture your soul for eternity!”

William answered Belial’s threat with a chuckle.

“I’d like to see them try,” William answered. “I’m still hungry. I have room for a multitude of desserts.”

It was not only the Guardians of the first 50 Floors that were paying attention to the battle. Even the Guardians from the 52nd Floor up to the 100th Floor were there to witness everything that had happened from the start.

All of them had been bored out of their minds since no one was able to clear the 51st Floor. This was why William’s appearance made them very happy. However, when they heard Belial’s words, all of them immediately panicked and gave Belial the middle finger.

F*cking bastard! If you’re going to die, just die! Don’t involve others to your doom!

Their bodies unconsciously shuddered as they cursed Belial for involving them in his problem.  

If possible, the Guardians of the Tower of Babylon wanted to drown Belial in spit because his words might have made Wiliam think that they would make things difficult for him as he continued his conquest in the Tower of Babylon.  

They were very afraid that the boy would also devour their entire floors, and end their existences in the most horrifying way possible.  







Chapter 636

Today, the number of people in the Grand Arena had far exceeded the number of the previous matches.

It was quite understandable because this was the Final Match of the Tournament of Champions. Today, the greatest prodigy of the young generation would be crowned. A day before the match started, all the seats in the Grand Arena had all been sold out.

Business minded individuals had used this opportunity to auction their tickets, so that they could profit from the grand event.  

The rulers had already taken their seats and were looking forward to the outcome of the match. This was the last match of the tournament, so they wanted to see it until the end.  

Empress Andraste had a confident smile on her face. For her, this match held no suspense. She had complete faith in her daughter. Even though her daughter had mentioned in passing that Kenneth might be one of the Deadly Sins, the Amazon Empress wasn’t too bothered.

No matter what it took, the Amazons must show everyone their domineering side. They were a race that recognize the strong. For them, strength was everything!

Almost all races had to admit that the Elves were among the superior races in the world of Hestia. 

However, the Amazons didn’t think that way. For them, they were the superior race. Why? Because they would only allow strong men to become their partners, and give birth to their children.

For the Amazons, the genes of an individual was of the utmost priority. The stronger that person was, the more attractive he was to the Amazonian Race. This was also the reason why they joined this tournament.

They were looking for potential seeds that they could invite back to their Empire and let them sire the new generation of Amazons that would make their Empire reach its peak of power.  

Kenneth was one of the seeds that Empress Andraste had her eyes on. However, since her daughter had mentioned that Kenneth was one of the Deadly Sins, he must definitely be a girl.

However, right now, no matter what artifact she used to check Kenneth’s gender, the result was always male.

Of course, Empress Andraste had been present during Kenneth’s last match when his hair grew extraordinarily long. With the Elf’s delicate looking face, and his long hair, everyone would think of him as a girl.

Empress Andraste was not an exception. Regardless, the fact still remained was that Kenneth was a boy right now. Unless he was using a special artifact that changed his gender, the Amazon Empress would still take him with him back to the Amazon Empire, by force if she had to.

Emperor Leonidas stood at the podium as he addressed the audience who was looking forward to the final battle between Kenneth and Lilith. As the host of the tournament, the Kraetor Emperor handled everything flawlessly. He didn’t scrimp on the budget of the event and ensured that everything would run smoothly.

As he looked at the last two finalists who were waiting to climb up the arena, he felt a sense of regret that his grandson, Prince Jason, had been eliminated in his previous battle. If he had won, he would have represented the Kraetor Empire in this battle for supremacy.

“Today is the final day of the tournament.” Emperor Leonidas’ charismatic voice spread across the Arena. “Only one name will rise to claim the title of the Strongest Champion of the young generation! “

“I know that all of you are already tired of waiting, so let the final match commence!” Emperor Leonidas declared.  

A thunderous applause answered his declaration. The Emperor returned to his seat and the referee of the final match made a gesture for both combatants to step on the arena.

Lilith walked with confidence, while Kenneth walked in silence. Their presence was different, and the people were leaning towards Lilith more because of her beauty, and confident appearance.

Some of the ladies cheered for Kenneth. They always liked the underdogs, and Kenneth was a delicate-looking teenager that made the girls giggle in their seats.

After the two came face to face in the arena, Lilith smirked as she placed one of her hands on her waist.

“Tell me, are you really one of us?” Lilith asked. “I’ve always thought that I only had sisters. I’m going to be perfectly honest, you’re too girly to be my type. But, some of my friends might take a liking to you. Do you want to visit our Empire? I promise that you will be treated as a VIP by the Amazonian Race.”

Kenneth didn’t answer and simply unsheathed his shortsword from its scabbard. He was still feeling sleepy, so he had no strength or time to have a conversation with the talkative Amazon Princess.

Seeing that she was being ignored completely, Lilith clicked her tongue.  

“Fine. I’ll just drag you to our Empire whether you like it or not,” Lilith declared. “Although you’re not really my type, my friends will definitely love to have your genes. I guess your children will be decent warriors once they grow up.”

Kenneth remained silent and simply waited for the battle to start. He intended to end the battle as fast as he could because he was not in peak condition.  

The referee didn’t want to delay the match either, so he raised his hand and declared the start of the battle.

“Final Match Start!”

Lilith’s expression became serious as he summoned her War Axe. This was the same weapon that he had used during her battle with Prince Jason, but she never had gotten the chance to use it.

Right now, the Amazon Princess wielded the weapon with both hands.  

She was certain that Kenneth was one of the Deadly Sins, which meant that she couldn’t take him lightly.  

Kenneth, on the other hand,  pointed his sword in Lilith’s Direction and chanted.

“Spirits of Time, veil us from the gaze of the Creator,” Kenneth said and his silver-gray hair grew until it touched the ground.  “Time Stop!”

Lilith was about to charge at Kenneth, but before she was even able to execute her plan, the Elf had already frozen her in time.

The Amazon Warrior was in the act of running with her War Axe raised high. However, she stayed in that position like a statue, unable to even blink her eyes.

Kenneth walked towards his opponent in a steady pace in order to not break the Time Spell that he had cast. A gust of wind blew inside the arena, making his long silver-gray hair flutter.

Although his gender was still in question, everyone would agree that the delicate looking Elf in his current appearance would easily pass as a beautiful young lady.

Within the safety of the Kraetor Empire VIP Room, Princess Sidonie watched with bated breath, as the person she hated the most, thrust his blade on the Amazon’s Princess chest.

Clearly, Kenneth wanted to end the match as soon as possible.  

He didn’t care for fame and honor. All he cared about was freeing William from the grasp of the Lusty Princess, whom he believed had used underhanded tricks in order to force his Ex-Roommate, and the son of his Master, to become her fiance.  







Chapter 637

The moment Kenneth’s blade pierced Lilith’s Chest, a loud cracking sound was heard.  

The body of the Amazon Princess shattered like a vase, and the War Axe that she was holding in her hands fell on the ground, embedding itself on the arena.

Kenneth immediately took a few steps back and scanned his surroundings. His long hair spread out like living snakes, and took a defensive stance around him.

“Now, I know what Sin you bear.”

A teasing voice whispered in Kenneth’s Ears, and the latter immediately tried to find where the sound of the voice was coming from.

“I don’t know if you are a sister, or a brother, but it doesn’t matter. I will find out soon enough.”

The only one that could hear the voice was Kenneth, and he was finding it hard to pinpoint the location of the voice because Lilith was using telepathy to talk to him.

“Now that I know your Sin, I now know how to beat you.” Lilith chuckled.

Kenneth narrowed his eyes as he extended his senses to encompass his surroundings. Right now, he was tapping on the power of his Divinity. He couldn’t keep this state for a long time, so he needed to finish Lilith as soon as possible.

“You know, I can just wait for the power of your Divinity to disappear before I attack you,” Lilith commented. “However, that will leave a bad aftertaste. I came here to fight, not to hide.”

“Then fight!” Kenneth interjected and shouted in his mind. “Show me what the proud Amazon Princess can do.”

“Very well, but let’s agree on a condition first.”

“A condition?”

“Yes,” Lilith’s playful voice answered. “You are not allowed to stop my time. If you break this condition, I promise you that you will regret it.”

Kenneth readily agreed to this condition. The more time that passed, the more difficult it is for him to retain his current level of power. He was already starting to feel drowsy, and he knew that it was only a matter of time before he reached his limit.

“I agree to your condition.”

“Good. Now, let’s have a good battle!”

As soon as Lilith said those lines, a blue crystal shard, the size of an electric pole jutted out of the ground, aiming at Kenneth’s head.  

The Elf pushed himself backwards using his long silver hair, and successfully dodged Lilith’s surprise attack.  

Suddenly, the arena trembled and more crystal shards jutted out of the ground. These crystals encompassed the entire arena and surrounded Kenneth from all sides.

“Are you ready for this?” A blue crystal that took the form of Lilith appeared in front of Kenneth and winked at him. “Crystal Nova!”

The crystals detonated themselves, sending sharp shrapnels in every direction. Kenneth didn’t move from where he stood, but his hair increased its volume and wrapped Kenneth like a yarn ball.  

The crystal shards bounced off at the giant ball of hair, as if they were hitting reinforced steel.  

These shattered crystals turned into glittering crystal dusts that fell on the ground, coating it with a bluish tint.  

“Now I know your Sin as well,” Kenneth said after unwrapping himself from his protective stance. “You’re Greed.”

“Yes, but you don’t know me well enough.” Lilith giggled. “You should be feeling pain, right about now…”

As soon as Lilith finished saying her words, Kenneth felt a burning sensation in his entire body. He hurriedly tore off the sleeve of his robe, and saw that his skin was starting to turn blue.  

Upon closer inspection, he noticed that the blue color was actually the crystal dust that Lily had manipulated to penetrate his skin’s pores. From there, the Amazon Warrior activated her powers and attacked Kenneth in a place that he least expected.

The blue skin was now tainted with red blood as the crystal dusts bore deep inside his body.

“Don’t worry, I’m not planning to kill you,” Lilith said with a charming smile. “My sisters will love to have a pretty boy as their plaything. Also, you are one of my kind. They will definitely take that into consideration when they squeeze you dry.”

As red blood dyed Kenneth’s clothes, the Elf remained calm and activated the power of his Divinity.  

He gazed at the teasing smile on Lilith’s place before using one of his trump cards.

“Rewind Time.”

The image of a clock appeared above Kenneth’s head and its hands were moving counterclockwise. The Battle that Kenneth had just fought against Lilith was now a few minutes in the future.

Because Kenneth couldn’t use his Divinity for long, he had created a checkpoint in time, right after Lilith’s body shattered into pieces, so he could glimpse into the future and know what his opponent was planning to do.  

This took a heavy toll on his body, but this was the only way he could think of to beat one of the Deadly Sins, whose abilities were unknown to him.  

——

A blue crystal shard, the size of an electric pole jutted out of the ground, aiming at Kenneth’s head.  

Just as he did earlier, the Elf pushed himself backwards using his long silver hair, and successfully dodged Lilith’s surprise attack.  

The arena trembled and more crystal shards jutted out of the ground. These crystals encompassed the entire arena and surrounded Kenneth from all sides.

“Are you ready for this?” A blue crystal that took the form of Lilith appeared in front of Kenneth and winked at him.  

Kenneth once again activated his Divinity as he held the shortsword in his hand. He was now feeling incredibly drowsy, so he needed to make the most of what little time he had left.

“Stretch the Moment,” Kenneth said softly.

Immediately, the world around him became as slow as half a snail’s pace. If one weren’t paying attention, they might think that the time inside the entire arena had stopped completely.  

That was only half correct.

What Kenneth did was to slow down the time of the entire Arena, including his own time.  

The only thing that was working faster than normal was his brain, and he used it to calculate the moves that he needed to do in order to defeat Lilith.  

After calculating the exact amount of Divinity that he needed to use to beat the Amazon Princess, Kenneth once again activated another of his Trump Card.

“Time Leap.”

The Elf took a step forward, while the world around him was moving at a very slow pace. He didn’t attack the crystal Lilith, but instead, ran towards the War Axe that was embedded in the ground.  

Time Leap has a certain restriction.  

When he uses this ability, only Kenneth’s body was allowed to pass through time and space.  

This meant that he had to leave everything behind, including his clothes. Fortunately, the long that fluttered behind him, wrapped itself around his body, creating a light-weight armor that was as hard as steel.  

The Elf then channeled his physical strength to his right foot and kicked the handle of the War Axe with all of its might.

The War Axe flew in the air, and soon, it transformed into the Amazon Princess, who was in shock because she didn’t know what had happened.

“Accelerate!”  

With a burst of speed, Kenneth jumped to the air and delivered a roundhouse kick, hitting Lilith squarely in the chest.  

The force of the blow was strong enough to send Lilth flying towards the edge of the arena. A mouthful of blood sprayed in the air as the Amazon Princess received another devastating blow from her opponent.

‘Why is he so fast?’ Lilith thought as she tried to use all of her strength to resist Kenneth’s follow up attack. ‘Isn’t he supposed to be slow?! What’s happening here?!’

The Amazon Princess knew that it didn’t matter whether she succeeded in defending against Kenneth’s attack or not. She would still be pushed outside of the arena regardless of what she did.  

The only choice she had was whether she would be able to prevent any further injuries on her body, or suffer a lethal blow that might endanger her life.

Gritting her teeth, Lilith chose to block Kenneth’s attack no matter what. Even if she lost this battle, she would still drag the boy back to their Empire in order to exact her vengeance.

Kenneth had arrived in front of Lilith and was about to deliver the coup de grace when, suddenly, his stance faltered in the air.  

The two crashed on the ground, with Lilith almost falling off the arena. Fortunately, she transformed her hands and feet into crystals, and dug them deep to gain a foothold.

Although she looked like a monkey holding at the edge of the arena for dear life, she managed to prevent herself from falling off completely.

The Amazon Princess crawled back at the safety of the arena and glanced at her opponent who was currently laying on the ground.  

His long hair was a mess, but its volume was enough to cover his body.

Lilith carefully approached Kenneth and poked him with her foot. Seeing that the Elf wasn’t reacting to anything, the Amazon gathered up her courage and moved closer.

As the amazon eyed her opponent, she heard a snore, which made her realize that her opponent had actually fallen asleep in the middle of their battle!

Lilith didn’t know whether she should laugh or cry at Kenneth’s current circumstance.  

“Oh well, a win is still a win,” Lilith mused as he looked down on the sleeping elf beside her feet. “No hard feelings.”

Lilith kicked Kenneth off the battle platform, and the latter offered no form of resistance. She then raised her head in an arrogant manner as she raised her voice to declare her victory.  

“Just as planned,” Lilith declared. “Everything I did was just an act. Mother Empress, how were my acting skills?”

Lilith waved her hand and called out to Empress Andraste whose posture almost collapsed because of her daughter’s shameless behavior.

Empress Andraste opened her fan and waved it a little to keep the heat out of her face as her lips twitched, due to her daughter’s shameless boasting.

‘Silly girl, you just made us look bad,’ Empress Andraste thought. She really wanted to pinch her daughter’s waist for doing something unbecoming of an Amazon Warrior.  

Ashe’s and Princess Sidonie’s bodies stiffened because Lilith somehow reminded them of their shameless lover, whom they had lost contact with these past few days.

Lilith glanced at Emperor Leonidas who was seated on the highest seat of honor. Before she came to the Kraetor Empire, she had mulled over the wish that she wanted to be granted.

Now that she had won, she felt like it was perfectly fine for her to claim her just rewards.

“Emperor Leonidas, can I state my wish now?” Lilith asked in a respectful manner.  

Although she could be arrogant at times, she still had been taught the Royal Etiquette of the Royal Bloodline of the Amazon Race.  

The Emperor of the Kraetor Empire nodded his head, and made a gesture for Lilith to say her wish.

Lilith smiled and was about to say what she wanted the most when the resounding tolling of a bell reverberated in the air.

Right after that, a dignified voice filled with authority and Divinity spread across the entire world of Hestia.

“Let it be known to one and all that the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon has been conquered!”

“I repeat, Let it be known to one and all that the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon has been conquered!”

Emperor Leonidas, Empress Andraste, and the other Sovereigns of the major powers in the world of Hestia immediately rose to their feet.  

They couldn’t believe what they heard. Someone had been able to conquer the Devil’s Floor that had been deemed unconquerable, not only by the people of the world of Hestia, but the very Guardians that resided within the Tower itself.

The dignified voice from the heavens didn’t know, nor cared, about the thoughts of the mortals that lived in the World of Hestia. Its only role was to deliver the message it had been assigned to give, and it had done this ever since the Tower of Babylon had appeared in the Central Continent.  

“Let it be known to one and all that the one who conquered the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon is none other than…

“William Von Ainsworth!”







Chapter 638

“Let it be known to one and all that the one who conquered the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon is none other than…

“William Von Ainsworth!”

Ashe and Princess Sidonie’s eyes widened in shock as they glanced at each other. Both of them hadn’t heard from William for the past few days and they were very worried about him and Chiffon’s current circumstances. They didn’t expect that this was how they would know his current situation, and they were caught completely unprepared by the incredible news.

Gilbert, the Headmaster of the Silverwind Academy, and the one that gave William all the information he knew about the Tower of Babylon, almost choked on his saliva when he heard the world-wide announcement.

It had only been a short time since William had left the Academy, and Gilbert was sure that the Half-Elf would give up before he could even reach the 51st floor. He didn’t expect that the boy, who had caused trouble in his academy, would really be able to clear the floor that no one had cleared for the past thousand years.

‘That brat really did it!’ Gilbert pressed his hands over his chest. ‘He actually did it!’

Emperor Leonidas and the rest of the rulers exchanged glances because this was something totally unexpected. With this development, the era of climbing the Tower of Babylon would once again commence, and the Empires would immediately start to send their elite subordinates to fight for riches for their respective empires.

Lilith, who had won the tournament, had been completely forgotten. She had been basking in the limelight, but after the announcement, her earlier fame felt like a big joke. William had completely stolen the spotlight, and it made Empress Andraste feel sorry for her daughter.  

However, the Amazon Princess wasn’t feeling depressed or affronted. Instead, her eyes lit up because an idea came to her mind. She had long wanted the Half-Elf who was the son of the Saintess of the World Tree, Lady Arwen, and Dungeon Conqueror, Maxwell.

A devilish smile appeared on her face, which was similar to James’ when he was about to scam people.

Zagarl, the Demon General, had a frown on his face when he heard the announcement. As a Demon, there was one surname that they hated the most and it was none other than the surname “Ainsworth”.  

For them, if Maxwell hadn’t interfered with their invasion of the Silvermoon Continent, they would have already enslaved the Elves.  

‘Such a hateful family,’ Zagarl clenched his fist in anger. ‘I better nip him in the bud before he can awaken his full potential.’

While Lilith, Zagarl, and the Sovereigns of the various factions in the continent were making plans in their heads, they once again heard the familiar tolling of a bell. Not long afterwards, the Divine voice spoke once again and announced a world-shaking declaration.  

If earlier, the first announcement surprised them, the next one alarmed them.  

“Let it be known to one and all that the ruling family of the 49th Floor, the Moreau Family, is now stripped off their rights as the ruling family of the 49th Floor, and hereby exiled from the Tower of Babylon!”

“I repeat, Let it be known to one and all that the ruling family of the 49th Floor, the Moreau Family, is now stripped off their rights as the ruling family of the 49th Floor, and hereby exiled from the Tower of Babylon!”

“As the Mandate of the Tower of Babylon, I hereby announce the name of the new owner of the 49th Floor.”

“The new ruler of the 49th Floor is none other than William Von Ainsworth!”

“I repeat!”

“As the Mandate of the Tower of Babylon, I hereby announce the name of the new owner of the 49th Floor.”

“The new ruler of the 49th Floor is none other than William Von Ainsworth!”

——

A grin appeared on Emperor Leonidas’ face after hearing the announcement. To be perfectly honest, the moment that William conquered the 51st Floor, The Emperor had finally made up his mind to write a decree that would officially recognize William as his granddaughter’s fiance.

He also planned to hold a Grand Wedding as soon as possible to prevent other forces from nabbing the red-headed teenager, and make him the groom of their own princesses.

The other Sovereigns also had the same line of thought. If they could bring William under their wing then they would be able to have a share of the pie that the Half-Elf had nabbed for himself.

What they didn’t know was that it was only the beginning of a series of announcements that would make everyone in the World of Hestia know William’s name.

——

In the Town of Lont…

James was roaring with laughter as he held his granddaughter, Eve, in his hands. He then decided to start calling his friends by using the communication crystals, so that he could boast about his grandson’s achievements.

He passed Eve to her mother, Anna, and took out the communication crystals in his storage ring. James called Lawrence and his plan was to make his old friend feel sorry for his daughter’s and granddaughter’s arrogant behavior.

Since this was a world-wide announcement, everyone in the World of Hestia heard it. The Griffith Family, who had antagonized William in the past, would definitely not feel good about the Half-Elf’s amazing accomplishments.

“Hahaha! Lawrence, MY good friend, how are you?” James greeted with a big smile on his face.

Lawrence snorted at James’ smug expression and knew the reason why the Old Bastard called him. He had already expected the old coot to settle old grievances and chose this opportunity to rub salt on their faces.

However, before Lawrence could even nag James for being petty, another announcement spread across the heavens.

—–

“Let it be known to one and all that the ruling family of the 45th Floor, the Valkazar Family, is now stripped off their rights as the ruling family of the 45th Floor, and hereby exiled from the Tower of Babylon!”

“I repeat, Let it be known to one and all that the ruling family of the 45th Floor, the Valkazar Family, is now stripped off their rights as the ruling family of the 45th Floor, and hereby exiled from the Tower of Babylon!”

“As the Mandate of the Tower of Babylon, I hereby announce the name of the new owner of the 45th Floor.”

“The new ruler of the 45th Floor is none other than William Von Ainsworth!”

—–

James who had been roaring with laughter earlier choked on his own saliva and coughed out loud. After regaining his composure, James looked at his old friend Lawrence with a smirk.

“Sorry, Old Friend,” James said. “I will talk to you later. I still have important matters to attend to!”

“Wait, you Old Bastard! We still have something to talk–”

James cut off the connection and didn’t even bother to listen to what Lawrence was about to say. For him, there was something more important that he had to do, and he had to do it now.

“Ezio, come,” James ordered.

A black mist appeared out of nowhere and materialized in front of James. Ezio, bowed his head in greeting and waited for James’s orders.

“Prepare to travel. We are going to the Central Continent,” James ordered. “It’s time to help my grandson secure the riches that he has acquired. I don’t want any annoying flies to try and get their filthy hands on the resources that belong to our family!”

“Understood, My Liege,” Ezio bowed and disappeared. It had been a while since he last saw William. However, Ezio was amazed because his Disciple’s ability to stir up trouble had reached new heights after he went to the Central COntinent.

Deep inside, Ezio was really curious about how his shameless Disciple managed to accomplish such an unbelievable task.

——

Demonic Continent…

“Speak of the Devil,” an old hag with a wrinkled face and a crooked nose said with amusement. “You just mentioned that your Disciple’s name is William, right? Is that the same William that the Messenger of the Tower of Babylon is announcing right now?”

Celine, who was kneeling on the ground to pay respects to her Master, had a dumbfounded expression on her face when she heard the consecutive announcements. It wasn’t that long ago that she had parted with William, and Celeste, in the Central Continent before looking for her Master in the Demonic Continent.

To think that on the same day she found her Master, her Disciple’s  accomplishments would be broadcasted world-wide.

The old hag chuckled as she approached her Disciple who had a complicated expression on her face.

“It seems that your first man is very capable,” the old hag teased. “In truth, I was about to look for him and test whether he is worthy of you. I guess, I don’t need to go through all that trouble now.”

“Master, there must have been some kind of mistake,” Celine answered.

The old hag chuckled for the second time as she patted Celine’s soft, and silky hair.

“Silly girl, how could there be a mistake?” the old hag commented. “This is a Divine message that is passed whenever someone clears a floor in the tower. I have heard it several times in my lifetime, so I can guarantee its credibility.

“However, what I didn’t expect was that your chosen man was capable to this degree. Not only did he conquer the 51st Floor, he even managed to dethrone the ruling families of the 49th, and 45th Floors? Truly unbelievable.”

The old hag was about to say more when she heard another tolling of a bell. Both she, and Celine glanced at each other in surprise, and this time, both the Master’s, and Disciple’s mouth opened wide in shock as the Divine Voice once again made an announcement.

——

Silvermoon Continent…

“Let it be known to one and all that the ruling family of the 41st Floor, the Amaral Family, is now stripped off their rights as the ruling family of the 41st Floor, and hereby exiled from the Tower of Babylon!”

“As the Mandate of the Tower of Babylon, I hereby announce the name of the new owner of the 41st Floor.”

“The new ruler of the 41st Floor is none other than William Von Ainsworth!”

“I repeat…”

Arwen and Skyla stood side by side as they looked up at the heavens. Both of them were in the Sanctuary of the World Tree when they heard the announcements about William’s achievements.

At first, Arwen couldn’t believe what she was hearing, but after a few minutes, her mood returned to normal. She then walked towards the World Tree and pressed her forehead against its trunk.

“That’s our boy,” Arwen said softly. “That’s our little Will.”

The tree trunk shimmered for a brief moment as if agreeing to Arwen’s words. William’s mother who hadn’t seen her son for years wept silently. She had long wanted to hold her son in her embrace, and wanted to shield him from all kinds of harm.

However, this was not possible at this moment in time.  

Skyla had already told her repeatedly that her son would almost always be in the forefront of trouble, wherever he goes.  

It was as if he was born with the troublemaking genes that would attract all the troubles in the world to stand in his way.

“This is your fault,” Arwen lightly tapped the trunk of the World Tree. “He inherited all your bad habits.”

The trunk glowed in protest to Arwen’s claims.  

Skyla watched as the Saintess and the World Tree bickered at each other using their own language. In the end, she left the two and flew towards the sky. The White Crane was trying hard to fight the temptation of visiting William in the Central Continent.

Skyla wanted to see just what kind of ruckus the Half-Elf had made this time around.  

———————–

The series of announcements didn’t stop, and kept on coming. With each new announcement, those who heard it became baffled, until their bafflement turned into numbness.

The announcements were quite ridiculous, and if not for the power of Divinity contained within the voice, they would think that someone was merely pranking them.

The 49th Floor.

The 45th Floor.

The 41st Floor.

The 37th Floor.

The 23rd Floor.

The 16th Floor.

And finally, the 2nd Floor, which belonged to the Agnis Family, fell in William’s hands.

These were the floors within he Tower of Babylon that had promoted human trafficking and enslavement. After dealing with the 51st Floor, William descended to the lower floors and blackmailed the Guardians into tearing up the contracts that the Ruling Families had signed with them.

For the Guardians that had seen how he devoured Belial, and the entirety of the 51st Floor, the choice was an easy one to make. Instead of becoming William’s enemies, they decided to cooperate and broke ties with the families that had conquered their respective floors.

Not only did they break the contracts, they even exiled the said families, forbidding them to set foot in the tower again.

Only after finishing this endeavor did William return to the 51st Floor. He still had things that he had to settle on the Devil’s Floor, and he was almost like a spent candle after merging with Chiffon, and using the power of her Divinity.  

The Half-Elf was completely oblivious that the things he did in the tower had already been announced to every corner of the World of Hestia.  

This information was like a tidal wave that forced everyone to stop whatever they were doing.  

After a thousand years of waiting, William finally paved the way for the new generation to once again challenge the Tower of Babylon, and climb to new heights that no one had reached before.  







Chapter 639

Armstrong Duchy…

Wendy, Est, and Isaac were currently having an afternoon tea at the balcony of the Armstrong Residence when William’s exploits in the Tower of Babylon rang far and wide.

William’s two lovers glanced at each other in disbelief. They never expected that they would hear news of their beloved Half-Elf in this manner, and both of them were surprised and confused about what was happening.

It was at this moment, when Wendy’s grandfather, Jevan Cy Armstrong, her father, Joaquin, and twin brother, Spencer, arrived at the balcony. After hearing the news, Jevan and Joaquin immediately went to look for Wendy.

Spencer noticed them and decided to accompany his father and grandfather in looking for his sister, and see the reaction on her face after hearing the unbelievable news that they had just received.

Wendy, Est, and Isaac were about to rise from their seats to pay their respect to the former Duke of the Armstrong Duchy, when Jevan made a gesture for them to remain seated. Right now, he was not in the mood for any formalities.  

“At ease. We are all family here, there’s no need to show excessive etiquette,” Jevan said with a big grin on his face.  

The doting grandfather looked at her granddaughter and sighed internally. Originally, he was against Wendy’s and William’s relationship because he never got along well with James. But, since his son, Joaquin, had said that her granddaughter was really in love with William, and the Half-Elf also loved Wendy, the former Duke reluctantly gave the two teenagers his blessing.  

‘That grandson of James is really lucky to be able to marry my granddaughter,’ Jevan thought.  

Joaquin had ordered the maids to bring additional snacks, in order to accommodate all of them. When everyone was finally seated, Jevan finally spoke his reason for finding Wendy.

“Wendy, I’m sure that you heard the Divine Announcement a moment ago, but do you really understand what your lover has accomplished?” Jevan asked.

Wendy shook her head, “No. Grandfather, can you please tell me more about the Tower of Babylon?”

Jevan nodded his head. The Southern Continent was quite a distance away from the Central Continent, so it is very normal for the younger generation to not know anything about the Tower of Babylon.

Est was also very curious about what her lover had accomplished in the Central Continent. She waited with bated breath for Jevan to tell them the significance of William’s accomplishments.

“Thousands of years ago, when the races had finally drawn the boundaries of the world, an announcement, similar to what you heard a while ago was heard by everyone,” Jevan narrated. “It said that riches, fame, honor, and glory await those who would be able to conquer the floors of the tower and reach its peak.

“Many years have passed since then and humanity has faithfully climbed the tower and conquered every floor that they had set foot on… with the exception of the 51st Floor.”

Jevan’s tone became serious as he continued his tale. “The Devil’s Floor, as many called it, had become the graveyard of countless heroes and renowned warriors that hailed from all parts of the world. It has remained unconquered for a thousand years… but today, someone has managed to clear it.”

Jevan paused before looking at his granddaughter with a complicated gaze. Although he had heard of William’s exploits during the war, he still had doubts about his abilities. However, after hearing the Divine Announcement, all of those misgivings disappeared completely.  

“And that someone is your lover, William Von Ainsworth.”

Wendy could feel her face reddening because she felt very proud to be the lover of the only man who managed to do the unimaginable. Est too was feeling very proud. She was very tempted to say that William was her lover too, but in order to not complicate matters, she decided to just keep her feelings inside her heart.

However, Jevan wasn’t finished with what he wanted to say. He could tell that Wendy was still not aware of how incredible these events were.  

“Wendy, I think you still don’t understand the magnitude of what your beloved Half-Elf has done,” Jevan said. “Not only did he conquer the 51st Floor, he also took the rulership of the other floors of the Tower of Babylon.”

Jevan’s countenance turned extremely serious. “This meant that all the families that have reigned for thousands of years were deprived of their rights in a single day and exiled from the Tower of Babylon, never to step inside it again. Do you know what this means?”

“… it means that William had made these ruling families his enemies?” Wendy answered with uncertainty.  

Jevan sighed and nodded his head. “Indeed. Your Lover had made many enemies, but this is only the downside of what he achieved. Right now, William had gained not only one floor, but several floors of the Tower of Babylon.

“This means that your lover is no longer an ordinary Shepherd that everyone can look down on. His status is now equal to one of the Emperors in the Central Continent. An Emperor that not only holds vast resources within the Tower of Babylon, but also someone who can build several kingdoms on each floor of the Tower that now belong to him.”

Wendy’s jaw dropped because she finally realized the magnitude of what William had attained on his trip to the Central Continent.

Est and Isaac were also enlightened. It was quite unfortunate that both of them couldn’t go to the Central Continent because they had some important things to handle in the Hellan Kingdom.  

Wendy was the same. Although she wanted to look for William in the Central Continent, she still needed to inherit the secret arts of her family. Until she successfully cleared this mission, Jevan and Joaquin would not allow her to set foot in the Central Continent, and meet the Half-Elf that was currently in everyone’s sights.  

—–

Back in the Kraetor Empire…

Empress Andraste walked towards her temporary residence, along with her entourage. Due to the announcement from the Tower of Babylon, the awarding ceremony had lost all its flare and vigor.

Even so, the Amazon Empress didn’t put it into heart. In fact, aside from her, several of the Sovereigns of the Central Continent had already made preparations to return to their empires.

They didn’t want to be the last one to send a delegation to the Tower of Babylon. Their purpose for going to the Tower was to make contact with William, and try to negotiate with him for the ownership of the Floors that now belonged to him.

Also, they wanted to investigate how the Half-Elf was able to do it. They were even willing to marry their daughters to William in order to have a share of the resources that had now fallen into his grasp.  

Once a floor had been conquered, they would need to wait for a year before the entrance to that floor was opened again. William would also need to remain in the tower for a month, in order to fully register his ownership for the Floors that he had taken by force.

Empress Andraste had already sent a message back to her Empire, telling her Prime Minister to send their elite warriors to the Tower of Babylon in order to make contact with William.  

She was supposed to return, but changed her mind halfway after her attempt to bring Kenneth to her Empire failed.

Princess Sidonie had come to the sleeping Elf’s rescue when the Amazons were about to carry him out of the arena.  

Naturally, Lilith stepped in to confront the beautiful princess, but after Princess Sidonie said a few words, Lilith, the Amazons, and even Empress Andraste, decided to compromise and give the Kraetor Princess custody of the sleeping Elf.

When they heard that Kenneth was actually a messenger by the Saintess of the World Tree, and had a message for William, all of them backed off completely. Right now, William was a hot potato.

No one wanted to offend him in any way. This was especially true for the Amazonian Race who was very eager to acquire the Half-Elf’s genes. Although Princess Sidonie managed to gain custody of her hateful enemy, Lilith still managed to make the Kraetor Princess promise her one thing.

And that promise was for William to have a private meeting with her and Empress Andraste.  

Naturally, Princess Sidonie already had an idea about what Lilith and the Amazon Empress were planning, but she was not afraid. If they only knew how shameless her lover was, they would not dare to bring a wolf in sheep’s clothing inside their chicken coop.  

As the Amazon Empress walked the path that led to her residence, she wasn’t able to stop the chuckle that escaped her lips. Right now, the entire world was in chaos, and it was all due to a Half-Elf that had done the impossible.

She had long wanted to meet the fabled teenager who had accomplished great things in the Southern Continent.  

“I hope you’re ready, Little Half-Elf.”  

The Amazon Empress glanced at the clear blue sky with great expectations as the smile on her face widened.

—–

Meanwhile., high above the Kyrintor Mountains…

An otherworldly beauty sat on the highest place of Takam’s castle. There was a very pleased smile on her face, and her cheeks were slightly red due to the feelings that were welling inside her heart.

‘Seriously, you’re such a troublemaker,’ Ella thought with a smile. It had been a while since she had seen the boy she had raised since he was a baby, and her heart missed him terribly.

After a few minutes she gazed at the sky and narrowed her eyes.

“It won’t be the same as last time,” Ella said. “I will not let you have your way.”

A giggle filled with amusement answered her words. It was at that moment when a soft and silky voice reached her ears.

“We’ll see about that Amaltheia,” the voice said. “In the end, the one who will make the choice is him, and not you.”

A few minutes of silence passed. Ella’s gaze never wavered as she looked past the clouds. It didn’t take long before her gaze penetrated the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods.

“Do not break our agreement. We will do this fair and square,” Ella stated. “You’re not allowed to use your dirty tricks and other underhanded methods to try and sway him.”

“You already know that I can’t promise you that,” the owner of the voice replied in a teasing manner. “The only thing that I can promise is that whatever decision he makes, you have my word that I will respect it.”

Amaltheia sighed and closed her eyes. She knew that this was the only compromise that her acquaintance would accept. That person doesn’t negotiate or bargain. Only on very rare instances would her acquaintance allow exceptions, and William was one of those exceptions.  

A few minutes later, Ella opened her eyes and asked the person in front of her the question that had been weighing on her heart for a very long time.  

“When will he arrive?”

Amaltheia’s acquaintance didn’t answer right away. Instead, it seemed that the person was trying to give Amaltheia the best answer they could give, without breaking the laws that were imposed among Gods.

“Two years, maybe three,” the person answered. “The current you is not his match. It is a futile endeavor to even try.”

Ella shifted her gaze and looked at the direction of the Central Continent. The icy cold wind of the Kyrintor Mountains blew past her, making her long, light-blue hair flutter in the breeze.

“It doesn’t matter if I am not his match or not,” Ella replied firmly. “I believe in Will.”

It was also at that moment when a giggle echoed across the Kyrintor Mountains.

“What a coincidence. I, too, believe in Will.

His Legend… is about to begin.”

——

End of Volume 4

The Heart Moves Where The Heart Wills







Chapter 640

Only a few hours had passed since they had defeated Belial, and both of them were quite exhausted. William received full authority of the 51st Floor and was able to transform it according to his will.

Soon, the scenery took an amazing change. Belial’s Crimson world, which was filled with despair, and corruption, was erased completely. It was replaced by the beautiful world that William had seen so many times in his dreams.

A world where he stayed after the Valkyrie, Wendy, took him from that bloody battlefield of Midgard.  

Yes. William had transformed the 51st Floor to match his memory of Asgard. After this exhausting task was done, he decided to take Chiffon to the tallest mountain on the Floor of Asgard, where he once bathed with his wife, Wendy, on their first meeting in a dream.

“Big Brother, I love you.”

“I love you too, Chiffon.”

William and Chiffon were soaking in a spring, overlooking the beautiful views around them. However, the Half-Elf’s young bride didn’t have much interest in the scenery, and busied herself with kissing William’s lips.  

Chiffon was still inexperienced in the art of kissing, but for William, her kisses were very sweet. Her soft pecks, and clumsy attempts to stick her tongue inside his mouth made the Half-Elf’s love for her burn intensely in his chest.

William allowed her to do what she wanted, while keeping the flames of passion under his control. He wanted to do this properly, and give Chiffon some time to get used to their new relationship.

Although their bodies were pressed against each other, William’s hands were firmly planted on Chiffon’s waist, and not wandering around her body.

After a good amount of time had passed, Chiffon finally pulled back as she panted for breath. Her flushed cheeks, adorable face, and teary eyes, that were filled with love for him, made William’s heart melt.

“Big Brother, this is not a dream right?” Chiffon asked with a hint of anxiety. “We really got married, right?”

William nodded his head before planting a kiss on the pink-haired girl’s forehead.

“This is not a dream,” William replied as she held Chiffon’s right hand and placed it over the gem on his chest. “We are officially husband and wife.”

Perhaps waiting for that moment, the other box that Adephagia had given William, flew out of his storage ring and floated in front of Chiffon.

A few seconds later, the box opened, revealing a golden ring with runic carvings. This was the matching pair to the ring that William had placed on Chiffon’s finger during their wedding.

Chiffon took the ring and reached out for William’s left hand. The Half-Elf had a troubled look on his face, as he allowed Chiffon to place the ring on his finger.

When the pink-haired girl was about to place the ring on William’s ring finger, she noticed that there was already a ring on it. After looking at the ring for a brief moment, Chiffon confidently placed the ring on William’s thumb.

The customs of the Dwarves were very different from Humans. Instead of placing the ring on their partner’s ring finger, they placed it on their thumbs.  

In the Dwarven Culture, a thumb ring symbolized freedom, love, and loyalty. Chiffon’s mother, April, had no rings on any of her fingers, but her father, Luciel, had a thumb ring. The Demon Race was against marriage to other races, especially the Dwarves.

This was also why April and Luciel didn’t marry. Instead, Chiffon’s mother placed a ring on Luciel’s thumb, to express her undying love and loyalty to him.

Chiffon had wanted to do the same, so she wasn’t too bothered by the ring on William’s ring finger.

After the ring fixed its size to fit William’s thumb, a sweet smile appeared on Chiffon’s face. She had been feeling anxious because she thought that she was still inside the Dreamscape of the Heart Devil, which had reminded her of things that she had long buried in her heart.

Chiffon’s smile was like a drug to William. For some stupid reason, he wanted his young bride to only show this smile to him. It was like a treasure that he had fought hard to get, and he didn’t want to share it with others.

Of course, William didn’t voice this opinion out loud. He wanted Chiffon to always be smiling. If he prevented her from doing so, wouldn’t the girl just revert to the gloomy self of her past?

After having her fill of admiring the ring on William’s hand, the ever-eager young bride once again clung to her husband and kissed him passionately.

Chiffon was addicted to kisses, and William was more than happy to volunteer himself to be kissed by the pink-haired girl, who loved him with all of her heart. Deep inside, his heart was at peace. He vowed that no matter what happened in the future, he would cherish Chiffon, as well as his other lovers, until he drew his last breath.  

An hour later, the two finally left the spring and entered the castle of Asgard.  

It was currently empty, since they were the only two existences on the 51st Floor.  

William didn’t regain all of the memories of William Pendragon during his stay in Valhalla. The only thing he remembered were his memories with Wendy, and Chiffon, and the war of Ragnarok–where everything precious to him was razed by the burning flames of destruction.

After walking around the castle for a few minutes, William took Chiffon to the Halls of Valhalla.  

A place where his brother in arms had stayed, and feasted whenever they finished a mission.  

William paused to look at the great seat of honor where Odin, Thor, and the other Gods of Asgard dined. They would usually dine with the warriors from time to time and make toasts to them for the great accomplishments that they had done for the safety of the Nine Realms.

“Big Brother?” Chiffon asked. “What’s wrong? Why are you crying?”

William touched the side of his face and realized that he was crying. He had many memories of this place, and for some reason, he felt that he had finally come home after a ten-thousand year journey.

“Don’t worry,” William closed his eyes as he lightly squeezed Chiffon’s hand. “I’m fine. Just… pretend that you didn’t see anything just now.”

“Un,” Chiffon replied as she squeezed back William’s hand.

William didn’t suppress his tears and allowed them to fall freely. For him, this was not a show of weakness, but a form of acceptance.

Acceptance for the things that had happened in the past, where he, along with his lovers, comrades, and the Aesir, fought with everything they had. And yet, they still failed to prevent the destruction of the world.

Chiffon wasn’t able to continue watching and hugged William. She wrapped her arms around him and rested her head on his chest. The pink-haired girl wanted to share her love, warmth, and companionship with the person she loved.

William, in turn, hugged her back and held her until he no longer had tears to shed.  

There, in the center of the Hall of Valhalla, where the greatest warriors of the world gathered, a lone Einherjar, had finally found his way back home.







Chapter 641

After all of his tears had dried up, William led Chiffon to the room that was granted to him after he had become one of the Commanders of the Einherjars.  

It was a very spacious room, and luxuriously decorated, matching his status as one of the elites in Valhalla.

Right now, William was feeling very tired, so he unconsciously led Chiffon to the place where he stayed whenever he was not out on a mission.

Chiffon, on the other hand, looked at the room with great curiosity. Her heart was beating wildly inside her chest as a thought crossed her mind.

‘Mama said that after I get married, My husband and I need to consummate our marriage,’ Chiffon thought with great expectations. ‘By doing so, I will be able to give birth to Big Brother’s babies. But, how are babies made?’

The pink-haired girl glanced at the ring on William’s ring finger with a serious expression. Chiffon was not completely oblivious to the meaning behind a ring. Her mother, April, had told her about the human’s customs and what it meant to have a ring on someone’s ring finger.

While she was busy pondering several things in her innocent little head, William opened the door that led to his bedroom. Chiffon gazed at the giant bed that could easily fit a dozen people, and wondered if it would be just as comfortable as the beds in Princess Sidonie’s room.

“Let’s sleep together, Chiffon,” William said as he led his young bride to the big bed.

He made Chiffon sit on top of the bed as he gently removed the shoes that she was wearing. After removing her shoes, William playfully tickled the soles of her feet, which made the latter laugh uncontrollably.

“Big Brother, stop bullying me,” Chiffon said with a pout. She was still heaving pretty deeply after experiencing William’s tickling attack that caught her completely by surprise.

The Half-Elf chuckled as he planted a kiss on her adorable cheeks, which made the latter’s pouting face disappear.

William laid on the bed, with his arms spread wide. The soft cushion felt so comfortable that he almost fell asleep. If not for the fact that a pair of soft lips had once again started pecking his own lips, he might have really fallen asleep without a care in the world.

“You really love to kiss, don’t you, Chiffon?”

“Un. I love kissing Big Brother’s lips.”

William smiled and lightly pinched Chiffon’s nose.

“You still call me Big Brother?” William asked. “Shouldn’t you change your way of addressing your husband?”

Chiffon stared at William and cupped his face.

“Will.”

“Mmm.”

“I will call you Will in front of the others,” Chiffon said. “But when the two of us are alone, I will call you Big Brother.”

“Um?” William arched an eyebrow because he didn’t understand why Chiffon insisted on calling him Big Brother. “Why?”

Chiffon looked straight into his eyes as she said her reason for insisting to call William as her Big Brother.

“Because, I’ve always wanted to have one,” Chiffon replied. “I do have older brothers and sisters, but…”

A sad expression spread across Chiffon’s face when she remembered her half-siblings, especially Felix, who was the oldest among them all.  

William had already seen how Chiffon was treated by her family inside the Dreamscape. He had already made a vow that when he saw Chiffon’s father, Luciel, and Big Brother Felix, in the flesh, he would give them both a taste of Ruyi Jingu Bang.

“It’s fine,” William said as he caressed Chiffon’s cheek. “You can call me Big Brother when we are alone.”

Chiffon happily nodded her head when she heard William’s permission. “Un!”

After another round of kissing, Chiffon gathered her courage and asked William the question that had been weighing on her heart since she saw the ring on his finger.

“Big Brother, am I your first wife?” Chiffon asked.

William looked straight at Chiffon’s innocent eyes that demanded the truth. What the pink-haired girl didn’t know was that William had already decided to be honest with her before they took that next step in their relationship.

“No,” William replied. “Actually, you are my third wife.”  

“Third wife? Who is the first?” Chiffon inquired. “Is it Ashe, or Princess Sidonie?”

Chiffon already knew that William had several lovers. In truth, she didn’t really care how many lovers William had, as long as she was one of them. Her own father, Luciel, had many lovers, his Mother was among them.

For the pink-haired girl, a man of great status would always have many lovers by his side. She just wanted to know her position, and where she stood among William’s other lovers.

“The name of my first wife is Wendy,” William said as he showed Chiffon the ring on his ring finger that was made from Mithril. “The two of us got married in secret before I left the Southern Continent.”

William could still remember that fateful day when Wendy took him to the Temple to get married. The two of them had no other witness, except Ashe, who had secretly followed them to the temple.

Since half of William’s heart used to belong to Ashe, she was able to find his location, wherever he was on the continent.  

Wendy knew that William would travel to the Central Continent, so she decided to take the initiative and took matters in her own hands. She knew too well that many girls would be infatuated with her lover’s good-looks and there was nothing she could do about it.

Since that was the case, it was better to secure her position as his first wife, before it was taken by another thieving cat!

Her mother, Diana, was very supportive of her and decided to look for a pair of rings inside their treasure vault. There, she found a pair of mithril rings that were said to have mysterious powers.  

Diana didn’t know what kind of power the rings had. However, she was certain of one thing. The rings were an heirloom that was passed down by the founder of the Armstrong Duchy. It was said that if these rings were used to bind two people in marriage, their true powers would activate.

After receiving the rings from her mother, Wendy looked for William and forcefully kidnapped him, with the help of Thor.  

The blond beauty traveled until they had reached the Temple of the God that was near their family’s Duchy.  

William didn’t know whether he should laugh or cry at his lover’s daring action. Even so, Wendy’s feelings reached him, and he agreed to marry her on the spot.

Under the blessings of the High Priestess of the Temple of the Gods, the two were wed successfully.  

Ashe, who had followed their trail riding Ragnar, had arrived just in time to see William kissing Wendy’s lips to seal their vow of marriage. William’s mermaid lover could only look at the two with a pout because they had secretly wed each other without notifying anyone, including her and Est, who were also William’s lovers.

In order to pacify the pouting mermaid, William and Wendy decided to hold another marriage, this time, it was Ashe’s turn to marry William.

The High-Priestess didn’t have any objections because it was perfectly fine for a man to have many wives in their world. Also, William was no ordinary man.  

He was the one that had prevented the Elves from conquering the Hellan Kingdom, and all the adults that had turned into statues had been told about his legendary exploits. Because of this, the High-Priestess was honored to be chosen as the one to conduct the marriage ceremonies for the Hero that had saved the realm.

“Ashe is my second wife,” William continued his explanation. “If you are wondering where our wedding rings are, they are not in our fingers, but in our hearts. William took off his upper clothes and pressed his hand over his chest.

“If Ashe hadn’t given me half of her heart, I would have died long ago,” William said softly.  

Chiffon moved closer and kissed the gem on William’s chest. The gem glowed brightly, as if responding to Chiffon’s gesture of love.

“Aside from Princess Sidonie, do you have other lovers?” Chiffon asked.  

William nodded his head and wrapped Chiffon in a loving embrace. “You still haven’t met her, but the name of my other lover is Est. Actually, the reason why I came to the Kraetor Empire was to break the curse on her, Ashe’s, and Isaac’s bodies.”

The Half-Elf then narrated his true reason for coming to the Kraetor Empire. He didn’t hide anything from Chiffon and told her that their reason for coming to the Tower of Babylon was due to the quest that the Patron God of the Kraetor Empire, Aamon, had given him.

“Aside from Est, there is also my Master,” William stated. Although Celine hadn’t confirmed what their current relationship was, William had already decided that his Master was already one of his women, and as such, he added her to the list of his lovers, regardless of what Celine would say about it in the future.

“Your Master is very beautiful,” Chiffon said with a sad expression. “I can’t beat her.”

The pink-haired girl looked down on her chest, and felt depressed.  

“Silly girl,” William lightly pinched Chiffon’s ears. “You’re fine as you are. There’s no need to compare yourself to my master. Besides, you’re not small at all. At the very least, you are a B cup.”

“B C-Cup?”

“Yes. It means your size is perfect.”

Chiffon was still half in doubt, but William didn’t stop there, and continued to praise her good qualities, which made the pink-haired girl forget about her insecurities.

“Aside from your Master, is there anyone else?” Chiffon continued her interrogation.

William paused before nodding his head.  

“I have forgotten a bit about her, but I do have one more lover,” William replied with a complicated expression on his face. “I know that I love her, but I can’t remember when the two of us first met. Chiffon, there might come a time that I will completely forget about her, but for my sake, please, remember her name.”

Chiffon waited patiently as William tried to recall the name of his first love. After the battle with Belial, the memories of his past life were in shambles, so it took him a while to gather his thoughts and piece his remaining memories together.”

“Her name is Belle,” William said with reservation. “I think her name is Belle. No. I am certain her name is Belle.”

“Belle.” Chiffon nodded. “I will remember her name for you, Big Brother. Do you have any other lovers aside from her, Big Brother?”

“No.”

“Understood.”

Chiffon rested her head on William’s chest. The Half-Elf kissed her forehead before patting her head.  

William thought that Chiffon was done with her questions, and decided to rest for the night. However, before he could put this plan into motion, the young bride in her arms raised her head, and said a few words to him that made his heart skip a beat.

“Big Brother, please, make love to me,” Chiffon stared at her husband with eyes filled with love and tenderness.  

Her Patron God, Adephagia, had whispered some words in her ears a while ago. The Goddess had guaranteed that if she said these words to William, he would shower her with his love and affection and stay with her forever.

For Chiffon, staying with William forever was akin to magic words. She was willing to do anything to make this happen, so she repeated the words that Adephagia had told her, word for word.  

“Make me your woman,” Chiffon said with embarrassment. “Fill me to the brim with your love.”

Chiffon only understood half of the meaning of these words, but she didn’t care. As long as Wiliam would shower her with his love and affection, she was willing to say such embarrassing words as many times as she needed to.

The Goddess Adephagia gave her daughter a thumbs up in her heart. The Goddess of Gluttony was sure that William wouldn’t be able to resist her darling daughter’s advances. Because of this, she decisively used her Divinity and wrapped the entirety of William’s room with it.  

This was to ensure that no one would get in the way of her daughter’s special night.

Not even the owner of the Tower of Babylon, who could see everything that happened within his Domain.

Soon, the rustling of clothes could be heard inside the room. William laid his young bride on the bed and admired her beauty.

A beauty that belonged only to him.







Chapter 642

 

( Disclaimer: You guys already know that this is coming. However, before I say anything else, let me just share three words with all of you and that is "She's Legal, Okay?". If you are not comfortable in reading these kinds of scenes, feel free to skip this chapter. )

Chiffon looked up at her husband with anxiousness. Deep inside, she was worried that William would find her body unattractive. This was the night they would consummate their marriage, and she didn't know whether she would be able to meet his expectations.

The pink-haired girl was paying close attention to William, so she was able to see the changes in his body and expression. Both of them were bereft of clothes, so it was easy for Chiffon to see everything about her partner.

William was looking at her entirety with a heated gaze. She could tell that he wanted her, and this discovery decreased the worries in her heart. Although she was embarrassed, she didn't cover herself and allowed William's gaze to wander to all the places he wanted to see.

The Half-Elf had sensed Chiffon's anxiety so he kissed her forehead, and her cheeks, before whispering in her ear.

"You're perfect the way you are, Chiffon," William whispered. "And even if you aren't perfect, that won't change the fact that I love you. No matter what happens, you will have a place in my heart."

Tears started to fall from the sides of Chiffon's eyes because William's words had chased away all of her insecurities. The Half-Elf wiped her tears away with his fingers, and gave her a lingering kiss on her lips. 

The pink-haired girl returned William's kiss and even wrapped her arms around his back. Ever since William had kissed her on the lips for the first time, and returned her heart to her, she had grown very fond of kissing.

She had never felt so happy in her life, and it made her realize that the world wasn't as dark and difficult a place as she had thought in the past.

After their kiss ended, William lowered his head and kissed Chiffon's neck. He then moved downwards and left a trail of kisses on her soft, and smooth body, until he reached the two soft snowy mounds that were his for the taking. 

William didn't hesitate and planted a kiss on Chiffon's… before having his way with it. William alternated between the two, which made his young bride take several deep breaths, as she endured his relentless assaults. 

"B-Big Brother, I am feeling strange," Chiffon said with a flushed expression. 

Instead of answering her, William continued to shower her with his love, making the pink-haired girl clutch the sheets with her hands, and unknowingly allowed her sweet voice to escape from her lips. 

The Half-Elf found Chiffon's pleasure-filled moans simply irresistible. Even though his bride was a few months older than him, her petite features–due to her lineage of being Half-Dwarf and  Half-Demon–made William feel a sense of corruption that was hard to describe.

The Half-Elf spent a good amount of time preparing Chiffon for their union. He was very worried that she might not be able to take it, but the pink-haired girl had assured him that she wasn't a fragile vase that would break easily.

The moment they became one, Chiffon was filled from head to foot with a firm belief that she had been born for this moment. Her sad childhood, and what remained of her innocence, fell apart and shattered like the broken fragments of a precious crystal cup that had been locked up for display. Even the transient pain disappeared, and was replaced by a promise of eternity. 

For a brief moment, Chiffon envisioned herself staring down on their lovemaking from above their heads.

Chiffon observed her body from her vantage point, and felt that her body was smooth, and sufficient, capable of weathering the storms that the Half-Elf was stirring up inside her. The pink-haired girl regarded her body with satisfaction because it was safe and sound.

Her small, yet strong body, that had been born in the Demonic Continent, and accompanied William to the Tower of Babylon, would take care of everything. 

Chiffon even had the notion that her body was both a gate, and a fortress that housed a priceless treasure within, and William had the key to open it. 

With a sigh of pleasure, she pressed herself against William, and clung to him, never wanting to let go. 

With every thrust, she felt her body shuddering.

With every breath she took, she felt more alive. 

Catching her breath, more sighs of pleasure escaped her lips, as she moved with him, and not against him. 

She was fine.

Her body was fine.

Everything was going to be fine.

William and Chiffon kissed and tangled their bodies up in the bedsheets. 

Every time that they thought that their desires were spent, they found out that they weren't, and made love once more.

Their last love making session was sweet and slow, but just like their first time that was filled with passion, it was equally as pleasurable. 

When they finally stopped, and nestled their naked bodies in each other's warmth, Chiffon thought that even this simple form of skinship felt so terribly good that she felt like crying. 

It was an intimacy that had far surpassed the concept of lovemaking. Being together with the man she loved made her body, and soul, feel complete.

For the first time in her life, Chiffon felt that her heart was filled to the brim with love, that not even her Sin of Gluttony, could make her feel hungry at that moment in time. 

Soon, they fell asleep in each other's arms, knowing that their love for each other had been properly conveyed. 

The two newlyweds had no doubt in their minds that the flames of love they shared, would continue to burn until the end of time.

—–

Kraetor Empire…

Tears started to stream down the side of Ashe's face, not because of sadness, but due to the overwhelming feelings of love that she felt through William. 

The two of them shared both halves of her heart, so she was able to feel the strong emotions from her significant other. Now that the laws of the 51st Floor were under William's control, their connection to each other had been re-established.

Although Wiliam couldn't go to the Thousand Beast Domain due to the restrictions of the Tower of Babylon, Ashe could still send him a message if she were to enter William's Thousand Beast Domain.

After securing Kenneth from the Amazons, Ashe went to William's Domain to communicate with her lover. There, William explained his and Chiffon's current situation without hiding anything. 

Ashe had been shocked silly when she found out that William had married Chiffon in the Tower of Babylon. She and Princess Sidonie had already thought of the possibility of Chiffon being one of William's lovers, but they didn't expect that the two would actually get married during the short time that they were away from each other.

When Princess Sidonie got wind of this news, she immediately went to see her Grandfather and urged him to set the date of her wedding with William.

Now that the Half-Elf was a celebrity in the entire world of Hestia, Princess Sidonie was sure that the Emperors, Kings, and Queens of the world would use any means, including using their daughters, to ensnare William.

Emperor Leonidas was in agreement and immediately scheduled his granddaughter's marriage at the soonest time possible. After careful consideration, they decided to hold the wedding a month after William went to visit the Misty Peaks to have his fated battle with Rebecca.

Although Princess Sidonie had heard of William's Ex-Fiance, the princess didn't really think too highly of her. 

She had already asked William, as well as his other lovers–Wendy, Ashe, and Est, about the so-called genius of the Hellan Kingdom, and didn't hear any good things about her. 

Wendy was the only one that took the neutral stance because Rebecca was a close friend of hers, similar to that of a sister.

However, Ashe, and Est, didn't hold back their contempt for the brown-haired lady, who only treated William as a tool to escape marriage proposals from the different influential families.

They had been there when Rebecca and William were forced to agree on their Seven-Year Duel on the peaks of the Misty Sect. However, due to the events that happened in the Southern Continent, their long-awaited battle was moved to the founding day of the Sect she had joined.

Princess Sidonie could only laugh in her heart at the current state of things. For her, Rebecca had lost big time the moment she decided to break her marriage agreement with William. 

The Princess was even looking forward to when she, Ashe, and the envoy of the Kraetor Empire would visit Rebecca in the Misty Sect, and personally witness the so-called genius getting trampled under her lover's feet.


Chapter 643

 

William woke up at dawn to see an unexpected scene. 

His young bride, who was nestled in his arms, was nibbling on his chest, while she slept. It felt really ticklish, but William endured it because it was very rare for him to wake up and see Chiffon nibbling on his body, while she slept.

Drool could be seen spilling out from the corner of her lips, as she continued nibbling without a care in the world. William didn't know if he should laugh or be worried about Chiffon's current state.

On one hand, he wished he had a cellphone to record his pink-haired bride's embarrassing moment and save it for eternity. He was actually looking forward to the kind of reaction she would do, once she saw herself doing something very "Chiffon-like" to him. 

On the other hand, he was feeling slightly anxious because his wife carried the Sin of Gluttony and was a former Giantess. Both personas liked to eat, and William felt that he should find a way to ensure that Chiffon wouldn't accidentally eat him in her sleep.

After his anxiety subsided, William was able to appreciate the young beauty in his arms. Different from his other lovers, Chiffon was like a little angel that had been born into the world to be loved.

Unfortunately, reality was cruel, and she had to fend for herself after her mother passed away. It was truly heartbreaking, especially when she was surrounded by THAT kind of family. The Half-Elf's resolve to smack Chiffon's older brother, Felix, and her father, Lucian, grew stronger in his mind. 

William could still remember the promise he made to April inside Chiffon's Dreamscape. He didn't know if what transpired there really happened, or if it was just a result of the Heart Devil's and Chiffon's wills.

'Please, rest in peace, mother-in-law,' William said in his heart. 'I will love and protect your daughter for the rest of my life.'

William removed the strands of hair that blocked Chiffon's face and gently planted a kiss on her forehead. He could tell at a glance that his lover was very tired and might wake up around noon due to how passionate both of them were on their first night.

The Half-Elf lovingly activated his Life Mage skill and used it to heal Chiffon's body. Although he did his best to be gentle, his little wife's moans were simply too hard to resist. Because of this, there were times when he had been a little rough with her.

William was using healing magic right now to ensure that any injury that Chiffon might have received during their lovemaking would be healed. He cared for her so much that his heart ached at the thought of leaving bruises on her delicate body.

Perhaps due to William's healing magic, Chiffon stopped her nibbling and simply rested her head on his chest. This continued for a few minutes until William's healing spell wore off.

Chiffon chose this moment to wake up, and the first thing she did was to kiss William's cheeks.

"Thank you, Big Brother," Chiffon said. "I love you."

"I love you too," William replied as he kissed her back. "Did I wake you up?"

Chiffon nodded her head and yawned, before snuggling on William's chest. Her exhaustion had been washed away completely by William's healing magic. Although she was still sleepy, she fought it off and sought the warmth of her lover.

The Half-Elf was more than happy to accommodate his bride, and spoil her rotten. 

After pampering the pink-haired girl, Chiffon suddenly had a playful mood and started to pinch William's chest while giggling. However, she made a mistake in doing so. She had unknowingly awakened a sleeping dragon due to her actions. 

Little Will rose up from his slumber and decided to poke her back. Chiffon's face immediately reddened because she remembered the little guy's tenacity a few hours ago. She looked up to see William's expression, but she instantly froze when he saw the devilish smile on his face.

"Chiffon."

"B-Big Brother?"

"Don't play with fire unless you're prepared to get burned," William said in a teasing tone. "I just healed your body and you're already asking for trouble."

Chiffon covered her face in embarrassment because she didn't expect that her actions would turn into this kind of development. 

William chuckled internally because he was just joking with her. He knew that Chiffon was still inexperienced in these kinds of things, so he decided to take things slow. 

He acted as a bandit and carried Chiffon off the bed and headed to the bathroom. The pink-haired girl didn't resist and simply allowed herself to be carried off by her husband.

Chiffon knew that after a month, she and William would once again return to the outside world. When that happened, she wouldn't have the opportunity to monopolize her husband because he also loved other women.

After asking who William's current lovers were, Chiffon had a rough idea about who he would be marrying next. Because of this, she decided to take advantage of the time she had while she and William couldn't leave the tower. 

William only planned to take a bath with Chiffon, but due to the latter's determination, both of them spent two hours inside the bathroom. The Half-Elf was surprised to see that his wife had a daring side to her. 

Nevertheless, he accepted her advances and spent some quality time with his bride on their month-long honeymoon. 

—–

Five hours after William's and Chiffon's episode in the bathroom…

William was currently staring at the treasure vault of the castle of Asgard. Naturally, since he had just remodeled the 51st Floor a day ago, the vault had nothing inside it… or so he would like to think.

As the owner of the Floor of Asgard, William was aware of everything that happened on the floor. Right now, there was a strange fluctuation coming from the Treasure Vault of the castle, and William had gone there alone to investigate.

Chiffon was currently exploring the Floor of Asgard with B1, B2, Psoglav, Kasogonaga, and Erchitu.

Unlike William, Chiffon didn't recover the memories of her past life. For her, Valhalla was a familiar yet unfamiliar place, so she decided to look at the world that her husband had made.

The Half-Elf didn't allow her to go alone, so he summoned Psoglav and Erchitu to accompany her. Kasogonaga had been staying inside the Thousand Beast Domain after the tournament because it had nothing else to do. 

After seeing that his friends were going to William's location, the rainbow-colored Anteater decided to tag along. 

After the little group of noisy tourists left the Halls of Valhalla, William headed to the castle of Asgard to face whatever was on the other side of the Treasure Vault's doors. 

He already had a rough idea on what it was because the Headmaster of Silverwind Academy, Gilbert, had passed all his knowledge about the 51st Floor to him.

"Vault of the Vanished Warlord," William muttered as he pressed his hands over the gate of the Treasure Vault and gave it a push. According to Gilbert, anyone who discovered the vault may choose one item from inside it.

Its location was rumored to be in the Devil's Floor of the Tower of Babylon, so no one was able to find it for a long time. The Headmaster had also told William that he was willing to give him a handsome reward if he could retrieve the artifact that he wanted from the mysterious treasure vault.

In truth, William had no intention of looking for the artifact that the Professor wanted. Since he could only take one item from the vault, he would definitely pick the best and keep it to himself.

When the doors of the Treasure Vault opened, William's eyes widened in shock when he saw a room overflowing with weapons, armors, artifacts, accessories, and other miscellaneous items.

'It's a shame that I can only choose one,' William thought as he stared at the Legendary Treasure Trove of the Firstborns, who once walked the world of Hestia.

"Optimus, is there a way that we can acquire all of these treasures? I am willing to use all our God Points to do so."

< It's no use, Will. The ruler of this Tower will not allow such a thing to happen. The most I can do is to create a list of all the items here and arrange them according to their rarity and uses. However, I have some good news for you. >

'I'm always happy to hear good news. Go on, spill it.'

< Chiffon has also been recognized by the Vault of the Vanished Warlord. Meaning, she can take a treasure for herself. >

'That is indeed some great news.' William chuckled. He hadn't thought of this possibility, but after thinking things through, he realized that Chiffon had indeed earned the right to get a treasure because she had also fought against the Guardian of the Floor and won.

"Optimus, make sure to list every item in this treasury. Do not let even a single piece of jewelry escape your sights."

< Rest assured. This treasure vault can't hide anything from me. >

The smile on William's lips widened. He had already used his appraisal skill on some of the items inside the vault and he liked what he saw.

Almost every item that he checked was either a Unique, or a Legendary Ranked item, which made William feel giddy inside. 

Stormcaller and Soleil were both Mythical Ranked Weapons that belonged to Gods. If he could get another mythical weapon in his arsenal then his fighting prowess would once again rise to another level. 

(A/N: Weapon ranks in ascending order Rare, Unique, Legendary, Mythical, Divine.)

William strolled through the Treasure Vault, without touching anything. He didn't want to make the mistake of touching an item, and accidentally binding it to him permanently. If that happened, he would probably weep tears of blood due to his stupidity.

For now, he just allowed the system to create an inventory, so that he could take a peek later.

—–

High above the Tower of Babylon, an old man with a long white beard tossed a black box into the void. The box traveled through time and space until it materialized inside the Vault of the Vanquished Warlord.

The black box glowed faintly in a purplish hue before returning to its dormant state. It lay there waiting for someone to pick it up, and opened it to see its contents. 

The old man who threw the box, looked at William from above the Tower of Babylon with a serious expression on his face. There was no guarantee that the Half-Elf would choose the box out of the countless treasures inside the vault.

Whether the box would finally find an owner, would be completely up to Fate.


Chapter 644

 

< Compiling all the treasures in the Vault of the Vanished Warlord has been completed! >

< Check your status page, Will. >

William nodded his head and checked the list that Optimus had prepared for him. The System had properly arranged it to groups such as swords, axes, spears, rings, necklaces, earrings, scrolls, and other groupings that made checking them easier.

Optimus also made sure to arrange them according to their tiers, rarity, and special characteristics, which allowed William to narrow down his search among the countless treasures inside the Treasure Vault.

According to Optimus, there were thousands of Unique Artifacts, less than a Hundred Legendary Artifacts, and three Mythical Artifacts. 

The first thing that William checked were the Legendary Artifacts. Although Mythical Artifacts were a grade above them, there were still items that had caught his fancy. 

After taking his time to read the description of these Legendary items, he then checked the information on the Three Mythical items that were housed inside the Treasure Vault.

—–

< Svalinn >

– Rarity: Mythical

"The Shield which stands before the sun and protects the world from burning."

– This shield is impregnable against any kind of fire based attacks. 

– Even if the full strength of a sun were to collide with its surface, the shield wouldn't break and would remain steadfast to protect its wearer, and the area around it from harm.

—-

The corner of William's lips rose up when he saw the description of the shield. Immediately, Lugh's face appeared in his mind. The Half-Elf was tempted to pick the shield for the sole purpose of bashing the Sun God's head with it until the latter lost consciousness.

'A shield is not bad,' William thought. 'I don't really have a shield in my inventory, so this might be a good choice.'

William then shifted his attention to the next Mythical Item on the list and read its information.

—–

< Sharur >

– Rarity: Mythical

"The Smasher of Thousands."

– This mace belonged to the War God Ninurta who governs over Farming, Healing, Hunting, Law, Scribes, and War.

– Its master, Ninurta, no longer exists, and had already turned into a constellation, but his weapon remains to this day.

– There were unfounded rumors that those who have wielded this weapon in the past have died of Heart Attacks. 

– According to one eye witness, the last owner of Sharur had uttered a few words before he breathed his last and they were…

"F*cking Mace, don't you know how to shut up?!"

Whether the rumors were true or not, no one alive, or dead, could confirm the authenticity of the rumors. 

—–

The corner of William's lips twitched as he read the information about the weapon Sharur. He glanced at the imposing crimson mace with wariness. 

'Dafuq is this mace?' William scratched his head. 'Anyone who uses it dies of a Heart Attack? Sounds ominous!'

Although the rumors were unfounded, William thought that it would be best to be on the safe side and checked the other Mythical item on the list. Although the label "Smasher of Thousands" sounded cool, William didn't want to take a gamble with his life.

He planned to have nine wives, wouldn't it be a pity if he died of a heart attack just because he became the owner of a mace?

No thank you!

After glaring at the mace in the distance, William once again looked at the last item on the list and checked if it was better than the Heart Attack inducing weapon that he had just seen.

Since William's attention was focused on his status page, he didn't notice that Sharur's body glowed with an ominous light in the distance, before returning to its normal state.

"The Emblem of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse," William said with awe after seeing the last item on the list. 

—–

< Emblem of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse >

– Rarity: Mythical

"Four horsemen of the Apocalypse,

Conquest, War, Famine, and Death.

These four laughed at the folly of humanity,

and watch mankind take its final breath."

– The First Rider feeds desperate places, His white coat brings false hope.

For him peace has two faces, Strife that ends hanging on a bloody rope.

– The Second Rider brings carnage like a mad hound, His red eyes filled with burning desire,

Dire screams fill the air when the trumpets sound, War that ends deep in a sinister mire.

– The Third Rider never felt any reason to mourn, His black soul laughs when others slowly decay. People wish that they were never born, Famine that ends in an uncontrolled dismay.

– The Fourth Rider is poisoned with wrath, His pale skin breaks every heart filled with fear.

Corpses laying on his traveled path, Death that ends in a timeless tear.

– He who seeks to release these Devils upon the world. Do you know what monsters you plan to let loose of your own accord? Someone who's weak-willed must never even try, for the consequences of their actions will make many people die.

—–

(A/N: I was looking for information about the four horsemen  when I came upon this random poem. I thought that it matched the theme perfectly, so I decided to use it. The author of the poem is named Niels. There's no other information I can get aside from the fact that he is 31 years old and lives in the Netherlands. All credit belongs to him.)

William felt goosebumps after reading about the final mythical item on the list. The Emblem of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse was embedded in a medallion that was as big as an adult man's closed fist. 

The Half-Elf was very tempted to choose this item, but he was having second thoughts because of how ominous the information was.

"Optimus, what do you think?" William inquired.

< The one who needs to decide is you, Will. I can only give you options, the rest is up to you. >

William scratched his head. He was really tempted to choose the Emblem of the Four Horsemen, but his instincts were telling him that he needed to carefully consider his decision.

For the time being, William walked in the direction where the Medallion was located. He would make his decision after personally seeing the medallion. 

The medallion was placed on a pedestal at the right-most corner of the treasure-vault, in order to get there, William must climb the stairs to reach the second floor of the tower. As he walked down the hallway that led to the room of the Medallion, he saw an unassuming black box at the side of the path.

William gave it a passing glance before walking past it. However, his feet immediately came to a halt when he read the information that appeared on his status page.

Just as he was casually passing the box, William had activated his appraisal skill. It had been a subconscious action on his part because the place where he currently explored was a Treasure Vault. 

Since the place was surrounded with treasures, his instinct kicked in and appraised the item before he even realized it himself.

William turned his head to glance at the black box at the side of the path in disbelief. The system had told him that it had finished listing all the items inside the Treasure Vault without missing a single item.

Since that was the case, how come it didn't mention anything about the black box, which could be easily overlooked if one wasn't paying attention.

The reason why William halted his steps was due to the unbelievable information that appeared in his status page.

—–

< ??? >

– Rarity: Divine

–???

–???

–???

—–

Although the information about the black box was littered with question marks, there was one piece of information that had completely caught William's attention and that was the rarity of the object.

Rarity: Divine

This was the first Divine Item that William had seen inside the Treasure Vault, and even Optimus was surprised that it had missed such an item when it did his scan earlier. 

"Optimus…"

< Tread cautiously, Will. Not all treasures are what they seem, especially in a place like this. >

William nodded his head in understanding. He retraced his steps and sat cross legged in front of the black box. He eyed it suspiciously, while Optimus was running an in depth scan in the background.

Both of them wanted to know just what sort of item was hidden inside the box.

While this was happening, the old man on top of the Tower of Babylon had crossed his arms over his chest. 

Fate had started to move her hand. 

Now all he needed to do was wait for the final outcome.


Chapter 645

 

(Disclaimer: Some of you had said that there seemed to be a missing chapter, and you guys are right. I am not really feeling well so I didn't notice that the "Looking for Treasures" Chapter is a 3 part series. I apologize for the mishap. I'll ask the staff to rearrange the chapters as soon as possible). 

William stared at the black box with a serious expression. It reminded him of the dagger that King Noah, the King of the Hellan Kingdom, had given him for safekeeping. 

Back then, his appraisal skill didn't have the ability to gain any useful information from it. It was only when he accidentally discovered the Hidden Domain, with the help of his little Wren, Aethon, did William find out its true purpose.

He had a feeling that the Black Box was different. However, since the System was currently analyzing it, they may be able to gain some clues on what items were stored inside it.

< Will, I have finished scanning the box. I'm afraid that there is a powerful law that protects the box from being appraised or even analyzed. It is also the same law that is responsible for sealing whatever is inside it. >

"This is a bit troublesome,' William muttered as he rubbed his chin. "What do you think we should do, Optimus? Should we take the gamble?"

< I'll bring flowers to your funeral. >

William chuckled because of Optimus' way of saying "It's your call buddy."

Suddenly, William's hair turned silver and his expression became extremely serious. He had equipped his strongest Job Class, Einherjar, just in case something unexpected happened. 

"Optimus…"

< Understood. Currently on standby for immediate support. >

After getting the System's confirmation, William summoned his wooden staff and used it to poke the black box. 

The box in question didn't have any reaction to his poking, so William continued to poke it just to be on the safe side. After a full minute of non stop-prodding, William decided to use the wooden staff to open the box. 

However, no matter what he did, the box wouldn't budge. After consecutive attempts, a voice rang out inside the Treasure Vault which made William cease all of his actions.

"Anyone who is given an opportunity to enter the Vault of the Vanquished Warlord, may only take one treasure from inside it," the voice brimming with authority declared. "Any items that are destroyed or damaged, whether intentionally, or by accident, will automatically be registered as the item of the chosen one."

"You, who have cleared the 51st Floor, may choose one item from the vault. However, once an item is chosen, you cannot return it or swap it with other items."

A Red Genie appeared in front of William with his hands crossed over its chest. It was the caretaker of the Treasure Vault, and it was very displeased with the Half-Elf's act of prodding one of the items under his care.

"Are you planning to take that item?" the Red Genie asked with impatience. "If so, go get it and stop wasting your time, and mine."

William glanced at the displeased genie who was giving him the impatient gaze. It was at that moment when an idea came to his mind.

"Excuse me. But, who are you?" William inquired.

The Red Genie snorted as if it couldn't be bothered to answer the question of a mortal. However, it was his duty to assist those who had gained the right to pick one of the treasures in his domain.

"My name is Plutus, and I am the caretaker of the Vault of the Vanquished Warlord," Plutus answered in an arrogant manner. "Enough rubbish, Mortal. Just pick a treasure already and leave!"

The corner of William's lips twitched, he wanted to ask the Red Genie so badly if it was on its period because of how irritable it was.

< Will, I have an idea. We should ask that Genie about the box. Maybe we can get some answers from him. >

William's eyes widened because he had forgotten such a simple thing. Fortunately he had a good sidekick by his side. 

"I still haven't decided what to pick," William said. "However, this box caught my interest. Can you tell me what is inside it?"

The annoyed genie gave the box a side-long glance. However, its body stiffened after seeing the emblem that was placed on top of the cover of the box. 

"I don't have any idea what is inside that box," Plutus' tone immediately changed and became a little more formal. It knew all the items inside the Treasure Vault and a glance was enough for it to know that the black box was not among the treasures under his safekeeping.

Since that was the case, it could only mean one thing. One of the Three Masters of Babylon had placed the box there on purpose.

"Um, you don't know?" William tilted his head in confusion. "You're the caretaker and you don't know what is inside this box? Aren't you being too sloppy with your job?"

The Red Genie wanted to slap the boy silly for his ignorant words. If it were asked any questions about the items inside the Treasure Vault, it would immediately know the answer in a heartbeat.

However, this time, it was different. How could it possibly know what is hidden inside the box that had come from one of its masters?

"Look here, Kid." Plutus was doing its best to control its temper from flaring. "You should jus–"

The Red Genie halted its words mid-way because it had received a message from one of its Big Bosses. After its short chat with its Boss ended, the genie eyed William with a mischievous glint.

"I already said that any damages on the items here will automatically register them as your own right? Since that is the case, you had already damaged that black box when you prodded it earlier," Plutus stated. "Go on and take responsibility for your actions and take it."

William glared at the Red Genie because it was clearly making things difficult for him.

"What damage are you talking about?" William asked in a challenging tone. "Just look at the box. See it's clearly undamage–"

Before William could even finish his words, a soft crack echoed inside the Treasure Vault.  The lid of the box that William had prodded earlier started to have cracks in it.

Plutus looked at the Half-Elf with contempt and gave him the "What were you about to say?" glare that made William speechless.

"Go on and take it already, or do you want me to kick you out of the treasury without taking a single treasure from inside it? I will be a bit more accommodating and count to ten. If you still didn't choose an item then I'm sorry, you've lost your chance. Better luck next time."

The Red Genie didn't even wait for William's reply and started its countdown. 

Given no other option, William gritted his teeth and grabbed the Black Box just before Plutus finished counting.

"Thank you for visiting the Vault of the Vanquished Warlord," Plutus sneered. "Good riddance."

The Red Genie waved his hand and William was automatically sent out of the Treasure Vault. Clearly, it didn't want to deal with the Half-Elf for another second and ended their meeting. 

Plutus was not as ignorant as William. Whoever cleared the 51st Floor would be given an opportunity to gain a special reward from the Tower as its first conquerors. This was a one time thing, and only William and Chiffon would be granted this opportunity.

However, those who were able to clear the 100th Floor would once again be given the opportunity to enter the Vault of the Vanquished Warlord. This was like a bonus stage where challengers could get an extra reward for doing their best in climbing the Tower.

Of course, there were other rewards that would be given to those who had reached the 100th Floor. One of those rewards was a wish.

Regardless of what kind of wish it was, it would be granted without fail. Aside from the wish, the first to clear the tower would receive one Divine Artifact from one of the Three Masters of the Tower of Babylon.

The Black Box in William's possession was one of those Divine Artifacts. Plutus' boss didn't expect for the boy to take the path towards the Emblem of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. 

It just threw the Black Box to the pathway of one of the three Mythical Items inside the treasury. Since the Half-Elf had already moved in that direction, the owner of the Black Box decided to play a little dirty and ordered Plutus to cooperate with his plan.

'That kid got lucky,' Plutus thought. 'The Boss took a liking on him.'

The Red Genie turned into a red mist and disappeared.. It would wait for Chiffon to enter the vault and assist her one time, before the Treasure Vault completely disappeared from the Floor of Valhalla.


Chapter 646

 

William stood in front of the entrance of the Treasure Vault while holding the black box in his hands.

Earlier, the lid of the box had a crack in it, but after he was expelled from the treasury, all the damages had vanished. It was as if the box hadn't been damaged at all! As someone that likes to scam people, William fully understood what happened.

However, just to be on the safe side, he decided to ask his trusty partner for his opinion. 

"Optimus…"

< Congratulations! You got duped my man. >

The corner of William's lips twitched because he couldn't refute Optimus' claims. No matter what angle he used, everything was fishy from the start. The Red Genie's sudden mood change was a clear indicator that something was out of place. But, there was nothing he could do about it now.

'This better be worth it.' William gritted his teeth as he placed the black box on the ground. 

Optimus was also on alert and continuously scanned the box in William's hands.

"Ready?"

< Ready. >

William decisively opened the lid of the box and ran away as fast as he could. He then hid behind one of the pillars in the hall and peeked at the opened black box in the distance.

< After a preliminary scan, I didn't sense any kind of fluctuation in the air. >

"Do you think it's empty?"

< The possibility exists. We need to take a better look to confirm our suspicions. >

William sighed internally as he approached the box with great care. He already had Stormcaller in his hands just in case something unexpected would pop out of the box and fight him.

When he was only two meters away from the box, something finally happened. 

Several objects flew out of the box and hovered mid-air. 

William narrowed his eyes as he observed the floating objects that were radiating divine auras. He had already taken a fighting stance and was prepared for anything, but the flying objects, which looked like clay tablets, weren't doing anything out of the ordinary.

In short, William couldn't feel any malice or hostility coming from the clay tablets that were starting to pile themselves on top of each other. 

When the Seven Tablets finally became one, it flew towards William very slowly. It stopped a meter away from William as if telling him that it meant him no harm. The Half-Elf and the System had once again activated their Appraisal Skill, but both came out empty handed. 

After a standoff that lasted for five minutes, William finally lowered his guard and reached out to touch the clay tablet that was shining with a golden glow.

As soon as his hand made contact with the clay tablet, several notification sounds were heard inside his head. Inside his status page, several rows of text appeared which held vital information about the item in his hand. 

—-

< Enuma Elish >

"The Seven Tablets of Creation"

– Rarity: Mythical Artifact

– In the very distant past, there was a world created by the Gods. Because of a conflict of interest, the Creator God of that world decided to kill the Younger Gods, so that he could continue his work to make the world prosper.

Unfortunately, his significant other felt that this action was too extreme and warned the Younger Gods of the danger that would befall them. One of the Younger Gods, devised a plan to put the Creator God to sleep and kill him.

A plan which succeeded. 

The Goddess that warned the Younger Gods didn't expect that the little ones would be too unforgiving and kill her mate. Angered by her husband's death, the Goddess decided to have her revenge and warred against the Gods that had killed her husband.

The Younger Gods fought a losing battle until a champion emerged from their group. His name was Marduk, and was also the person that killed the Great Goddess Tiamat, and ushered in an era for mankind.

Unfortunately, due to mankind's folly, the world was destroyed and only the strong will of the Gods remained, which was stored inside Enuma Elish, the Seven Tablets of Creation.

– Anyone who wields this Divine Artifact may summon one of the Wills of the Gods that resided within it. 

– Each Tablet contains the Will of a God, and all of them have different powers and specialties. 

– Although the power that they will wield wouldn't match the God's strength when they were at their peak, they are still the Wills of Gods, and the forces they can muster are still above the capabilities of Mortal Men. 

– The Owner of Enuma Elish may summon any of the Avatar of the Gods as long as the requirements are met.

< Name of the Wills of the Gods inside Enuma Elish >

– Tiamat

– Marduk

– Enlil

– Enzu

– Gula

– Ereshkigal

– Ishtar

< Ding! >

< Congratulations! You have acquired the Unique Prestige Class Familiamancer! >

(A/N: Read this as Familia Manzer.)

—–

< Familiamancer >

(Locked) 

"Please, Dear God, LUBRICATE THE BEAR."

– Familiamancer is a class that relies heavily on their familiars. Naturally, the stronger their familiars become, the stronger they become. The only downside of this specific class is that they heavily rely on their familiars.

– This Job Class is currently locked because you will need the Progenitor to assist you in summoning your familiars.

– More information about the Job Class will be shown after the Job Class has been properly unlocked.

—–

William took a deep breath unconsciously after reading the information that appeared on his status page. 

He didn't expect that the item he got from the Treasure Vault was such an amazing artifact. He re-read the information three times to ensure that he wasn't just seeing things. Aside from being able to summon the Avatar of Gods, he also received a Unique Prestige Class.

The only downside was that the Prestige Class was currently locked, because he needed the help of its Progenitor before he could use it.

Even so, William was very happy because the item he got was simply that good. According to the System, Enuma Elish was similar to the special guardians that the characters could summon in RPG games where they unleash a powerful attack that could defeat even boss monsters.

'Damn, this reminds me of Final Funtazee,' William thought. 'Those summons were just so cool."

"Optimus, can you tell me who among the Gods can we summon in our current state?" William asked.

< According to my calculations, you will be able to summon different Gods depending on what Job Class you are currently equipped with. For example, in your default form, Quick Shot Shepherd, the only God you can summon is Enzu, the God of Wisdom.

If you add the subclass Life Wizard, you will be able to summon Gula, the God of Healing. If you equipped the Vampiric Necromancer, you will be able to summon Ereshkigal, and so on, and so forth. 

Right now, the Einherjar Job Class is equipped so you are able to summon Enzu, Ishtar, and Enlil. As for Tiamat and Marduk, I believe that you will be able to summon them once you finally unlock the True Power of the Jack of All Trades. >

William nodded his head in understanding. He was also quite amused that the God he could summon was dependent on the Job Class he had equipped. 

The tablet turned into particles of light and flew towards the gem on William's chest. It seemed that it couldn't be placed inside a storage ring, and could only be stored inside a person's body. 

The color of the Half-Elf's hair had once again returned to its normal color after he had switched out his Einherjar Job Class. If possible, he didn't want to use the Job Class often because whenever he used its full potential, the memories of his past were burned away.

Although his first encounter with Belle may seem insignificant, it was still the moment he fell in love with her at first sight. The sad part was that the emotions that were connected to those lost memories were erased as well. 

Fortunately, William's feelings for Belle were quite strong, even though the first memory disappeared, the others were strong enough to fill in that gap that had been created when he had lost the memory. 

More than anything else, William dreaded the thought of completely forgetting about Belle.. This was why, if possible, he didn't want to use his Einherjar Job Class unless it was absolutely necessary.


Chapter 647

 

"Did you sense it?"

"I understand, I will proceed right away to the Tower of Babylon."

An old man placed both of his hands behind his back as he regarded his Disciple. William had chosen the black box that he had tossed inside the Vault of the Vanished Warlord, so he needed his Disciple to go to the Tower as soon as they were able to. 

"Make haste, you still need to teach him the things he has to know before he leaves the tower."

"I will do my best."

"I know." the old man nodded his head. "You always do your best."

After saying those words, his connection with his Disciple disappeared. He glanced at the Half-Elf that was currently looking at the Seven Tablets of Creation with a serious expression. The old man didn't know what the future held, but he was certain of one thing.

The time when the world would be covered in darkness, drew near with each passing day.

——

"Big Brother, where are we going?" Chiffon asked. 

Right after she arrived from her exploration, William led her towards the Mysterious Treasure Vault where she could claim a treasure as her prize for clearing the 51st Floor with him.

"We're going to pick some treasures," William said with a smile. "But, you can only pick one. So choose the best treasure that you can find, okay?"

"Treasure?" Chiffon tilted her head in confusion. 

William chuckled and lovingly patted her head. 

Although the two of them were already married, his habit of patting Chiffon's head remained. The pink-haired girl had also grown accustomed to William's show of affection, and even thought that this was a privilege that only belonged to her.

"You will understand it in a little while," William replied. "However, let me warn you that you shouldn't touch things randomly once we enter the treasure vault. You can only take one item, and some artifacts automatically bind themselves to the person who touches them."

Chiffon nodded. "Understood. I will listen to you, Big Brother."

It didn't take long for the two to arrive at the Treasure Vault. William pushed the doors and entered alongside Chiffon.

As soon as they stepped in, the Red Genie appeared right away. It scoffed at William before looking at Chiffon with gentle eyes.

"Young lady, Welcome to the Vault of the Vanished Warlord. I will be your guide, Plutus, and show you around to pick a suitable artifact that will be of great use to you," Plutus said in a respectful tone.

"Thank you, Uncle Plutus," Chiffon replied politely. 

Although she originally had a shy personality, the current Chiffon no longer felt like running away when being talked to by other people. The test of the Heart Devil and her marriage to William had made her stronger physically and emotionally. 

While the pink-haired girl and the Red Genie were having an amiable conversation, the corner of William's lips was twitching because of the treatment that the pink-haired girl was receiving from Plutus.

"Double standard much?" William wasn't able to stop himself from voicing his thoughts out loud. He already didn't have any good impression of Plutus, and the latter didn't even try to hide his dislike for William.

However, for some reason, the Red Genie seemed to be on good terms with Chiffon, and this ticked William a bit.

Plutus gave William a side-long glance and sent him a telepathic message.

"Be grateful that I allowed you to enter the Treasury even though you have already taken one of the treasures in the tower," Plutus said. "The only reason why you're here is because I don't want Chiffon to randomly pick an artifact she can't use. She had already suffered enough on the Devil's Floor, the least I can do is help her get an item that will be useful to her."

William's expression immediately became serious when he heard Plutus' reply. Since he had used the term "she had already suffered enough in the Devil's Floor", it meant that Plutus was aware of what had happened to them inside the tower.

As if reading his thoughts, Plutus snorted and confirmed his suspicions.

"The Vault of the Vanished Warlord has remained hidden in the 51st Floor. Naturally, I know everything that happened on this floor," Plutus answered. "However, unlike you, the owner of The Tower of Babylon has granted a special service to Chiffon and ordered me to assist her in picking two treasures from within the vault."

William's eyes widened in shock because he didn't expect to receive this kind of news from the caretaker of the Treasury. However, after thinking things through, he felt that it was justified that Chiffon took two items from the Treasure Vault.

She had indeed suffered a lot from Belial's sinister plan, so it was only natural for her to get two treasures instead of one.

William had no complaints with Plutus' arrangement and even begrudgingly thanked him for telling him this information.

"There are many Unique, Legendary, and Mythical artifacts inside this treasury. Each of them have their own specialties," Plutus explained. "If you like, you can tell me your preferences, and I will find the closest fit that matches your choice.

"Also, before I forget, you are given a special privilege to pick two items within this treasury. There's no rush, take your time and decide carefully on what kind of abilities you wish to acquire."

Chiffon glanced at William and the latter nodded his head. Although he could tell Chiffon to choose the Mythical Artifacts, he refrained from doing so. 

His wife had long been oppressed and he wanted her to learn how to stand on her own two feet, and make her own decisions. Regardless of what choice she made, William would respect it.

"S-Sometimes, I dream about being burned alive," Chiffon stuttered as she looked at the countless treasures that surrounded her. "If possible, I don't want to get burned by fire ever again."

William's heart skipped a beat after Chiffon mentioned her dream of being burned alive. A pang of ache started to spread in William's chest when he remembered a certain memory.

Chiffon facing off against the God of Destruction in order to protect him. The Half-Elf closed his eyes because the memory was too raw, and too heart-breaking to remember. 

Plutus rubbed his chin before snapping his finger.

From inside the treasure vault, a diamond-shaped shield that was over two meters tall disappeared from its pedestal and reappeared in front of Chiffon.

The shield originally had a bluish color, but its color changed until it turned light-pink, just like the color of Chiffon's hair and eyes. 

At its center, a golden snowflake design was embedded and it glowed faintly to acknowledge its new owner.

William was quite familiar with the shield. It was one of the Mythical Artifacts that he had seen on his status page.

"The name of this shield is Svalinn," Plutus introduced the shield to Chiffon as if he was a matchmaker for couples. "Legend has it that this is the shield that stands before the sun and protects the world from burning. With this item by your side, Chiffon, I guarantee that you will never be hurt by fire again."

Chiffon reached out to touch the snowflake at the center of the shield. For some reason, she felt that this shield would indeed protect her from the flames that had devastated the world in her dreams. 

The moment her hand touched the Snowflake emblem, the shield shrunk and transformed into an arm guard. It equipped itself on Chiffon's right arm, and looked like a very expensive accessory that was fit for an Empress.

"You chose wisely, Young Lady." Plutus nodded his head in appreciation. "Svalinn is a Mythical Ranked Treasure. I'm sure that it will serve you well. Now that you have a shield to protect you from harm, do you perhaps need a weapon? 

"You specialize in gauntlets, right? Although the gauntlets you currently have are good, we have legendary artifacts that are more powerful than the Devourers Gauntlets in your possession. If you like, I can bring them all out for you to choose from."

Chiffon firmly shook her head. Her weapon had a special place in her heart, and she wouldn't replace it, even though there was a better weapon for her to use. 

Ashe had told her how hard William worked to forge it. The Half-Elf had spent several days without eating, drinking, sleeping, as he poured all of his heart into making a weapon that she could use to defend herself. 

Chiffon would never throw away the gift that William had given her even if Plutus gave her all the artifacts inside the Vault of the Vanished Warlord. 

"These gauntlets are special to me," Chiffon replied before glancing at William who had a smile on his face. "I don't want to replace them."

Plutus followed Chiffon's gaze and nodded his head in understanding. The caretaker of the treasury was able to use the highest appraisal skill. Naturally, he also knew who the creator of the Gauntlets were, so he didn't insist on his idea of giving Chiffon a better weapon than he currently has.

"Very well." Plutus nodded. "You can choose one more item from the treasury. Please, choose wisely."

From the depths of the Treasure Vault, something moved from its pedestal. It had been hundreds of years since it had last had an owner, and it was already dying of boredom.

Now that there was a chance to leave this place, it decisively made its move.. No matter what happened, it would do everything in its power to leave the Vault of the Vanished Warlord in order to see the light of day once again.


Chapter 648

 

Chiffon thought long and hard, but couldn't think of what she wanted. In the end, she decided to let William pick an item for her to use.

While William was discussing with the System on what kind of artifact would suit Chiffon, a little golden piglet appeared out of nowhere and started to rub the side of its face on Chiffon's foot.

Chiffon, who had been accustomed to dealing with the beasts in the Thousand Beast Domain, found the piglet adorable. She was about to pick it up when something unexpected happened.

A dark-blue mace flew out of nowhere and slammed itself into the golden piglet, sending it flying away. 

The little piglet uttered an adorable cry as it fell on a small hill of gold coins, which broke its fall. Chiffon cried out in alarm and was about to go to the piglet, when the dark-blue mace blocked her way.

Suddenly, a pair of eyes appeared on the mace's head and a row of razor sharp teeth appeared when it opened its mouth.

"Young lady, good day to you," the staff said in a respectful manner. "I know that you are concerned about that piglet, but worry not, I held back my blow and merely sent it away so that we could talk. Do you know? That piglet is so clingy that the moment you choose it, it will not leave your side no matter what."

The dark-blue mace was about to say more, but Plutus had already appeared between it and Chiffon.

"Sharur! What are you doing here?!" Plutus roared in anger. "Why did you leave your pedestal? You know the rules, so why are you doing these things?"

The mace scoffed at the caretaker of the treasury and pointed its head on the piglet who had already crawled out from the gold pile where it had fallen.

"Then what about that piglet?" Sharur countered. "He also broke the rules, but you didn't say anything."

"Gullinbursti merely wanted to meet the guests of the treasury," Plutus replied. "Also, he is the Master's pet. He can go wherever he pleases!"

"Tsk, it has been so many years and you still haven't changed," Sharur sneered. "You still play favoritism. Double standard much?"

William gave the dark-blue mace a thumbs up in his heart. For him, anyone who was against Plutus was considered an ally.

Even so, he still didn't openly give his support to Sharur. How could he possibly do that? 

He still remembered the information that was written about this Mace that earned the nickname "Smasher of Thousands". According to the information he had, the last owner of Sharur died because of a heart-attack. 

Although these rumors were unfounded, he was still at the fence if he would allow Chiffon to pick such a dangerous artifact in the treasury. 

While the Red Genie and Sharur were bickering, Gullinburst shakily walked towards Chiffon. It looked so cute and pitiful that Chiffon wasn't able to resist walking towards it.

Just as the pink-haired girl was about to pick the piglet again, Sharur appeared and stood between them.

"Pick me!" Sharur pleaded. "Please, pick me! I promise you that you will not regret it. I am a Mythical Weapon. I'm strong, you know? When I was still on active duty, they called me the Smasher of Thousands. With me around, no one will be able to bully you. I will smash them before they can even make you cry!"

Chiffon felt her heart waver. As someone who grew up being bullied, Sharur's words hit her right where it hurts. 

The pink-haired girl glanced at the teary-eyed golden pig, and the dark-blue mace that was starting to cry as well.

Soon, the golden piglet and the dark-blue mace were having a crying battle, and did their best to outcry each other!

William, who was watching from the side, scratched his head. Even Plutus' felt awkward because this was the first time that this happened in the thousands of years that he had served as caretaker.

"Please, I've been stuck in this place for hundreds of years," Sharur pleaded as it bowed its head repeatedly while crying its eyes out. "I will do anything. Just please, take me with you!"

Chiffon and William were both wondering how a mace was able to cry as much as Sharur. The floor of the treasury now had a small puddle because of its tears.

Gullinbursti on the other hand wasn't backing off either. Its pitiful little squeals made Chiffon's heart ache. As someone who had become fond of B1, B2, and Kasogonaga, the pink-haired girl's empathy for beasts had grown stronger as well.

It could tell that Gullinbursti felt very lonely and wanted someone to care for him. However, Chiffon also couldn't ignore Sharur who was bawling its eyes out. Clearly, it too, wanted to leave the tower, and was prostrating itself to appeal to Chiffon's kind heart.

Chiffon stared at the two crying artifacts in front of her before turning her head to look at Plutus. 

"I will return Svalinn to the treasury," Chiffon said. "I will be taking Sharur and Gullinbursti with me instead."

Plutus groaned internally. He was currently in a dilemma. Svalinn had already bound itself to Chiffon, so taking it back into the treasury was out of the question. The Mythical Shield had even changed its color and property to allow Chiffon to wield it at any given time.

The Caretaker of the treasury was about to tell Chiffon that her request was impossible when he suddenly fell into a daze.

"Give her both of them," a voice filled with authority and Divinity ordered. "Gullinbursti is still young, and I believe that it needs to see the outside world for a period of time, in order to fully awaken its powers. As for Sharur… that one is a troublemaker. 

"If the young lady doesn't take it, I believe that it will throw a tantrum and start smashing things in the treasury. I'll let you handle the explanation. I still need to talk to my two friends and ask them to turn a blind eye to this incident. Although it will be a bit troublesome, I think that they will give me face and agree to my request."

"Understood," Plutus replied.

The Red Genie then looked at Chiffon and smiled widely.

"Congratulations! You have passed the hidden test of the Vault of the Vanished Warlord," Plutus declared with open arms. "As the caretaker of the treasury, your sincere feelings have reached my heart. Because of this, I will allow you to take care of Gullinbursti for three hundred years. Please, make sure to return him to me after three hundred years. Do you understand, Young Lady?"

"Un!" Chiffon happily nodded her head and hugged the golden little piglet and the dark-blue mace at the same time. 

Naturally, Gullinbursti and Sharur were very happy about the sudden turn of events. They were well aware of the rules of the Tower, so they didn't understand why Plutus allowed them to go with Chiffon. Even so, both of them didn't have any complaints. 

William, who was standing by the side, felt that something was terribly wrong, but he couldn't put his finger in it. Chiffon might have believed Plutus, but William had grown up with his Grandfather James.

His grandpa was a scammer and a con artist, so it was easy for him to see Plutus' poor attempt to trick Chiffon. 

William was about to voice out his opinion when he was suddenly thrown out of the treasury. The pitiful Half-Elf rolled on the floor because he wasn't prepared for the sudden expulsion. A few seconds later, Chiffon came out while carrying Gullinburst in her arms like a doll. 

Sharur, on the other hand, floated beside Chiffon like a bodyguard. Its eyes and mouth had disappeared and returned to look like the imposing weapon that it was forged to become. 

The combination of Gullinbursti's cuteness, and Sharur's intimidation made William scratch his head in helplessness. 

In the end, he could only sigh in his heart as he felt a fluctuation within the Floor of Asgard. 

The Vault of the Vanished Warlord had disappeared, and he had no idea when he would see it again. According to the System, the treasury would only appear again when someone had cleared the 100th Floor of the Tower. 

William had no intention of climbing the other floors of the Tower of Babylon, because that was not his goal of coming to the Tower. After the month-long transition period was over, he would leave Babylon with Chiffon and return to the Kraetor Empire.

He still needed to ask Aamon about the other quests he needed to complete in order to free his lovers from the curse on their bodies. Also, there was still the battle with his Ex-Fiance Rebecca. 

The Half-Elf wanted to get this agreement over with because, for him, this was a big distraction. He wanted to properly end things, not only for his sake, but also for Rebecca's sake. William knew in his heart that he had no feelings for Rebecca.

He had already had a heart-to-heart talk with James about his relationship with his other lovers, and the old man only told William to do what he believed was right.

The battle on the peaks of the Misty Sect would also be William's way of declaring to everyone in the Central Continent that he was not someone that was moved by beauty, and riches alone. 

Also, he wanted to set Rebecca free from the agreement that was made when both of them were still young. Whoever she married, or what she did in the future, William didn't care. For him, everyone had the right to choose their own paths in life.

He had made his choice, and he would follow it through till the end. 

In the meantime, William busied himself in changing the policies for the other floors that had fallen in his hands. 

Now that their previous owners were gone, he needed to ask the Guardians for help in normalizing the current situation, and allow the players to resume taking the trials, on the floors that now fully belonged to him.


Chapter 649

 

In the City of Babylon that was located at the base of the Tower, the patriarchs of the families that had been expelled by the Guardians were all having an emergency meeting. 

The previous ruler of the 49th Floor, the Moreau Family

The previous ruler of the 45th Floor, the Valkazar Family

The previous ruler of the 41st Floor, the Amaral Family

The previous ruler of the 37th Floor, the Valatieri Family

The previous ruler of the 23rd Floor, the Hesse Family

The previous ruler of the 16th Floor, the Zaleska Family

And the previous ruler of the 2nd Floor, Agnis Family.

These Seven Families were among the families in the Tower of Babylon that everyone looked up to. But now, all of their fame and glory had been ripped apart by a Half-Elf who had just started to climb the tower not long ago.

For them who had been born and thrived in their Domains, this was an outcome they couldn't accept. If not for the fact that they had their own residences within the City of Babylon, all of these families would have been homeless by now.

All of them gathered today to talk about how they could reclaim their position. These seven families were divided into three opposing factions. One of the factions wanted to try and negotiate with William, and find a way to compensate him for whatever they had done to annoy him.

These families had no idea that the reason they were kicked out of the tower was due to their misuse of authority which William hated the most–human trafficking and slavery.

The other faction, on the other hand, wanted to eliminate William and plead with the Guardians to reinstate their rule. The Agnis Family was adamant that as long as the Half-Elf died, their authority would be returned to them.

The third faction was on the fence. Naturally they wanted to regain their former rule, but they were unsure which side to choose. In the end, they decided to abstain and see which of the two factions' plans would work against the Half-Elf who had kicked them out of their homes, without even letting them pack their belongings.

—-

"Listen, you are not familiar with the boy, so you are able to act like this," Waltier Agnis, the Patriarch of the Agnis Family said. "He is a very ruthless individual. He has already killed most of the High-Rankers in our family. If we don't unite now, we stand no chance against him."

The Patriarch of the Moreau Family, Janos Moreau, sneered at Waltier. 

"That's because you had antagonized him from the very start," Janos replied. "If you didn't send your men to kill him, they wouldn't have died a dog's death. Actually, this entire scenario is due to your family's incompetence! If you didn't annoy that Half-Elf, of this would have happened!"

Hexxat Valkazar, the Patriarch of the Valkazar Family, nodded his head in agreement, before glaring at Waltier. "That's right, because of you, the Half-Elf bore a grudge, and is now making us pay because of your stupidity! This is all your fault!"

The tension in the room rose because what the two Patriarchs said wasn't wrong. If the Agnis Family didn't antagonize William and send High-Rankers to kill him, of this might have happened. 

"We haven't even met him! Why did he punish us like this?" the Patriarch of the Amaral Family, Damon Amaral, asked in annoyance. "Do any of you know the reason why?"

After Damon asked this question, everyone inside the room quieted down. 

"Him having a grudge to the Agnis Family is justified, but what of us?" Kaleo Valatieri, the Patriarch of the Valatieri Family, inquired with a serious expression. "Why us?"

Everyone inside the room were Patriarchs. They had gained their position because they had their share of blood and schemes, so it wasn't that hard for them to connect the dots to reach an answer.

"The Half-Elf might have targeted us due to our… business practices," Zorin Hesse, the Patriarch of the Hesse Family, stated. "That is the only thing all our families have in common, is it not?"

Lexi Zaleska, and the last patriarch in the room, sighed in agreement. "That brat might have been enslaved in the past and is taking his vengeance on us. Talk about bad taste."

After understanding the real reason behind why they were kicked out of the Tower, the Seven Patriarchs weren't feeling well. Now that they understood what grudge the Half-Elf bore against them, they had a feeling that getting their position back would require them to pay an exuberant price.

They knew that kneeling in front of William and promising that they wouldn't do it again was pure folly. 

Bribes?

Now that the Half-Elf was the owner of the 51st Floor as well as the seven other floors, he wouldn't be lacking in money, tokens, and resources.

Women?

Although this may work for some people, everyone in the room believed that this method wouldn't work against William. Of course, if the girl was an otherworldly beauty then there was a chance that she might ensnare the Half-Elf.

The problem was that there were no young ladies in their families who were beautiful enough to bring down the downfall of a nation.

"Maybe we can use the people important to him as bargaining chips," Waltier Agnis proposed. "We need to know more about him and target his family members or friends. Perhaps we can come to a compromise once we have them in our hands."

All the Patriarchs nodded their heads in agreement. They were men who didn't mind getting their hands dirty because this was their way of life. William had pushed them into a corner and this was the only thing that they could think of in order to make the Half-Elf meet them eye to eye.

—–

A week after the news of William clearing the tower was announced to the world…

"It's been a while since we climbed the tower, I'm getting excited!" an energetic voice said. "I wonder what this William is like? Is he strong? I hope he is strong. I want to spar with him."

"Aren't you ashamed of yourself? Violence is not always the answer," a calm and pleasing voice replied. "The first impression is important, so we need to do this in a civilized manner."

"But a fistfight is faster!"

"And this is why you always get into trouble. Not everything can be solved with violence."

A soft sigh was heard beside the two voices.

"Stop arguing." a mellow voice stated. "Once we arrive in the city, we will immediately go to the 51st Floor. Let me do the talking. That way, no troubles will arise."

"Che~ you're no fun."

"This is the best option we have."

"Since both of you are in agreement, it's time for us to go," the beautiful Elf stared at the Tower that rose up to the sky. "I finally have a reason to meet you, William."

—–

Meanwhile, on the Floor of Asgard…

"We are gathered here today to welcome the newest members of our team, Bacon and Sharur!" Kasogonaga announced with an adorable voice. "Let them feel welcomed, everyone!"

Erchitu, Psoglav, Bastian, Scadrez, B1, B2, and Aethon, clapped, whistled, and chirped to welcome the two new recruits to their forces.

Gullinbursti, now nicknamed Bacon, by William, nodded its head and squealed cutely to acknowledge his seniors. Sharur, on the other hand, just floated in the air and laughed.

"Hah! It's your honor to be in my presence!" Sharur declared in an arrogant tone. "I have seen many battlefields and have always been on the front line. As long as all of you call me Boss, I will make sure that no one can bully you!"

No one paid attention to the arrogant Mythical Mace. Instead, they circled the golden piglet who was looking back at them with genuine curiosity. 

Gullinbusti was only fourteen centimeters tall, and twenty centimeters long. Due to its size, the Beasts in William's Herd and Legion found him quite cute, and had a strong urge to protect the little guy who had become Chiffon's pet, and Third Beast Companion.

In the world of Hestia, there were very few people that could have more than one Beast Companion. For some reason, Chiffon was an exception to this rule, and had not only one, but three Beast Companions.

Beast Companions were Beasts who shared their power with their contractors. In turn, their contractors, also, shared their power with them. 

This was also the reason why B1 and B2 were able to transform into a Red and Blue Phoenix during their battle against Belial. Now that Bacon was part of the picture, the little golden piglet might have also gained the ability to transform and grow bigger due to Chiffon's awakened ability.

"Oi! You bastards dare ignore this great Sharur!" The dark-blue mace was angered because of the lack of attention it was receiving from William's inner circle.

"Stop shouting you Motherf*cker! Do you think we are deaf?" Kasogonaga replied as it pointed its small paw at the floating mace. "Hmp! Call you Boss? I don't even call William, Boss. What makes you think anyone here will call you that? Stop dreaming, you cunt!"

The dark-blue mace shone bright blue. This was the first time that someone had dared to curse it openly. It opened its eyes and mouth and looked down on the rainbow-colored Anteater with disdain.

"Hmp! I will give you time to take back those words, you little creature!" Sharur shouted in anger. "If you don't recognize me as the leader of this group, I will beat you up until you submit to me."

"Hohoho, you want to make this Sir submit? You've got guts, Little Mace."

"Shut up, puny anteater. I will show you who your new Master is."

Psoglav picked up the golden piglet who had hidden himself behind Erchitu's foot. It seemed that Kasogonaga's and Sharur's argument had scared it and immediately took refuge in the safest place it could think of.

"Let's just watch from the side," Psoglav said with a devilish grin. "I, too, want to see what this so-called Smasher of Thousands is capable of."

Everyone nodded their heads in agreement and evacuated the place. They watched from afar as the pitiful Mythical Mace fought off against an opponent it couldn't smash to pieces. 

Sharur's previous owners died of heart-attacks due to how talkative and obnoxious it was. However, it had been sleeping in the treasury for hundreds of years. 

It didn't know that the moment it woke up, it would find that there were creatures that had long mastered the art of cursing.

This made even the most chatty mace in existence shut its trap in the face of Kasogonaga's adorable curses, that it had learned from the Angray Birds, and nearly knock itself silly on the unbreakable rainbow-colored scales that even the Gods of Hestia recognized long ago. 


Chapter 650

 

"Close your eyes."

"Un."

William properly rinsed the bubbly shampoo off Chiffon's hair with great care. Ever since they had been married the two of them always took a bath together. 

After making sure that her hair was properly rinsed, he carried Chiffon to the bathtub that was already filled with moderately warm water and gently placed her inside it. Naturally, William also joined his wife in soaking in the tub.

Chiffon leaned her back on William's chest, while the latter hugged her from behind. The two spent a few minutes in quiet intimacy before the Half-Elf broke the silence.

"Sharur bit off more than it could chew earlier." William chuckled when he remembered the scene of the mace getting rolled over by Kasogonaga during their duel. 

"Sharur is good, he is just lonely." Chiffon was quick to defend the chatty mace who always kept her company whenever William was busy dealing with the affairs of the other floors that had been placed under his name. 

"Are you sure he's just lonely?"

"Un. Sharur is a good boy. He is very kind to me."

William chuckled for the second time after he heard that Chiffon called Sharur a good boy. If anyone were to hear that a little girl called the Mythical Mace a good boy, all of them would laugh till their jaws got dislocated.

Chiffon turned around and faced William with a pout.

"Stop laughing," Chiffon said. "Don't bully, Sharur."

William bit his lip to stop himself from laughing, and nodded his head. Chiffon had become overprotective of Gullinbursti and Sharur after she had taken them out of the Vault of the Vanished Warlord. 

Originally, Sharur was there to protect the pink-haired girl from getting bullied, but if someone bullied the mace, the one whose wrath they would face was Chiffon's. Frankly, William didn't know what was worse. 

Getting smashed in the head by a mace, or getting eaten alive by Chiffon.

"Don't pout." William moved closer and kissed Chiffon's lips. "You're going to be ugly if you pout."

Chiffon kissed William back before touching his left arm. She ignored his teasing and focused on his arm, which was getting paler with each passing day. She knew why it was happening, but the Half-Elf didn't seem too perturbed with his current situation. 

Ever since they had entered the 51st Floor, William hadn't had any blood to drink, which in turn made his left hand and arm appear paler, compared to the rest of his body.

Seeing her gaze, William knew that he couldn't hide anything from Chiffon. 

"I've been so busy as of late, I've forgotten to drink blood," William confessed. It was true that he had been really busy since he was talking to the Guardians and re-organizing the trials in his respective territories. "I will call for Charmaine later. So, you can stop worrying about me."

Chiffon had offered William her blood, but the Half-Elf firmly rejected it. When Chiffon asked why he didn't want to drink her blood, William said that he couldn't bear the thought of sinking his fangs into her body.

Also, William's bloodthirst couldn't be quenched by Chiffon alone. He would need Charmaine, and a few of the other Elves inside the Thousand Beast Domain to quell the hunger he was feeling at the moment.

Chiffon knew that even if she forced herself on William, the latter wouldn't drink her blood. The Half-Elf could be stubborn when it came to things like this. In the end, she did one of the things that she could do.

She kissed William's lips over and over again.

Due to his wife's relentless assault, William found it very hard to control himself from making love to her then and there. Fortunately, his reasoning had won. With his current state, he couldn't possibly make love to Chiffon. There was a chance that he would lose control and drink her blood recklessly.

After a few minutes of kissing, the two came out of the bath and dressed properly. William left the room he had used when he was still an Einherjar using all the willpower he could muster.

He walked unimpeded and entered the room of one of the officers in Valhalla that had a good relationship with him in the past. There he summoned the thirteen beautiful Elves that were housed inside his Thousand Beast Domain.

With a single glance, all the Elves knew what William needed. Charmaine took the lead and loosened her clothes until they fell on the floor under her feet. She then moved towards William and wrapped her arms around his head.

"Master, please enjoy my blood to your heart's content," Charmaine whispered. Her voice was filled with expectations because it had been a while since William had feasted on her blood.

A low growl of acknowledgement escaped William's lips as he sank his fangs into Charmaine's tender…

Soon, the other Elves joined William and Charmaine on the bed. They pressed their bodies against the Half-Elf, who was now their current Master. 

William became drunk with the sweet taste of Charmaine's blood in his lips, and the intoxicating heartbeats that surrounded him. Soon, he would feast on them too, and end the bloodthirst that was starting to take control of his being.

—–

A few hours later, William woke up on the bed surrounded by the beautifully naked bodies of the Elves. He couldn't remember much of what happened, but after seeing the satisfied smiles on the faces of the girls around him, William knew that he hadn't gone overboard while quenching his thirst.

The Half-Elf used his healing magic to cure the minor bruises that had appeared on their amorous bodies. As a healthy young man, it was impossible not to have a reaction when he was surrounded by so many naked beauties.

Because of this, he hurried healing them all before leaving the room as fast as he could. He went straight to his bedroom, where Chiffon was waiting for him.

To his surprise, the pink-haired girl was still awake because she was waiting for William to return. 

"Chiffon, I…"

"It's fine, Big Brother. It is now my turn to take care of you."

The pink haired girl held William's hand and dragged him to their bed. True to her word, she took care of her husband's needs until both of them nestled in each other's arms, too exhausted to do anything else but sleep.

—–

"We've finally arrived! Let's go to the inn first, I'm starving!"

"Well, that certainly took longer than expected. The tower's distance is misleading as always."

"The two of you really go at your own pace," the one with the mellow voice said while shaking her head. "Fine, we will rest for now and enter the Tower when morning comes. I want to, at the very least, make myself presentable for when I meet him."

"Right! I will punch him as soon as I see him and gauge his strength!" the one with the lively and energetic voice said happily.

"How many times should I tell you that doing that will leave a bad first impression? We're not here to pick a fight," the one with the calm voice said in a helpless tone. "We came here to teach him how to wield his newfound powers."

"Right! We'll punch him then teach him. I got it!"

"… Just what part did you get, exactly?"

"Enough, you two," the one with the mellow voice said with exhaustion. "Food, a warm bath then sleep. We will just go with the flow tomorrow. Also, Chloee, no punching first."

"Tsk!" The cute little girl named Chloe, stuck out her tongue at her reply. Clearly, she wasn't too fond of not being able to have her way.

"Claire, please, don't let her mess things up," the one with the mellow voice sighed. 

"Understood," Claire replied. "I will tie her up if I have to."

The three continued their lively chat until they reached one of the inns in the City of Babylon. They had traveled non-stop for the past few days, just to arrive as soon as they could. Now that they were finally here, another headache would once again land on William's plate.

A headache that he didn't expect would come from the person whom he had tossed to one of the corners of his mind since he was young.

They weren't supposed to meet this soon, but Fate willed it to happen. Just like chess pieces playing their role on the battlefield of the Gods, one couldn't help but think what consequences would happen when both of them finally met. 

A meeting that would once again attract unwanted trouble, and powers that William didn't know were laying dormant inside him. 


Chapter 651

 

William was abruptly awoken by a fluctuation inside the 51st Floor. 

Chiffon was sleeping peacefully in his arms, unaware that someone had intruded into their Domain without his permission. Right now, many people wanted to enter the 51st Floor and have an audience with William. 

However, there was a one year period before the Floor of Asgard could be accessed by the general public. Once the floor was open for everyone, they could partake in William's Trial in order to gain the right to ascend to the 52nd Floor.

Since that was the case, someone appearing inside his territory meant only one thing.

'They found a loophole that has allowed them to enter this Domain,' William thought as he lightly shook Chiffon. The little glutton sleepily opened her eyes and looked at William with a confused gaze.

"Wake up," William said softly. "We have uninvited guests. I don't know if they are hostile or not."

The sleep in Chiffon's eyes disappeared as she nodded her head in understanding. 

William and Chiffon dressed and headed outside the Castle of Asgard. Ever since their guests had appeared, they hadn't moved from their location. This made William feel that whoever these people were, they didn't come to antagonize him. 

Out of nowhere, Gullinbursti and Sharur appeared beside Chiffon. 

The golden piglet was riding on top of the mace and squealed cutely to greet his Master. Chiffon lightly patted its head before giving it a warning.

"There are some people inside the Floor of Asgard," Chiffon said. "Sharur, look after Bacon. Big Brother and I will handle this ourselves."

"Understood," Sharur replied. "But, we will be nearby. If anything unexpected happens, I'll come to your aid right away."

Chiffon nodded, and watched as the mace and the golden piglet flew a few hundred meters away from them. 

Soon, William and Chiffon arrived at the Bi-Frost Bridge. When the Half-Elf saw who their guests were, a complicated expression appeared on his face.

Chiffon, on the other hand, raised her guard. Her instinct was telling her that the lady in front of her was very strong.

"I didn't expect that I would meet you here," William said as he stopped a hundred meters away from the beautiful Elf who was looking back at him with a smile. 

"I, too, didn't expect that we would meet in this manner," the beautiful elf replied. "I apologize for coming unannounced. I came here in a hurry after I heard the news."

William frowned, "News? What news?"

The beautiful Elf smiled because she had expected this answer from William. "The outside world already knows of your accomplishments in the Tower of Babylon. Not only did you clear the 51st Floor, that had remained unconquered for a thousand years, you also gained ownership of a few other floors as well.

"You may not know of it, but you are now officially a big celebrity in the world of Hestia. I will be more careful when leaving the tower if I were you."

William didn't appear too surprised about this news because the little turtle, Oogwei, gave him a visit and told him that he was now a very popular person. The Half-Elf just didn't know what the little turtle meant by that time, but after his guest's statement, he managed to connect the dots together.

Chiffon, who was just standing beside William earlier, took a step forward and used her small body to stand in front of William. It was as if she was shielding him from the person in front of her, who held a power that was similar to hers.

"Oh! I like this little girl!" Chloee clapped her hands happily. "Looks like she specialized in hand to hand combat, this will be fun!"

"Behave yourself." Claire grabbed hold of her twin's hand. "It is not our place to meddle in this discussion."

William's gaze was focused on the beautiful Elf in front of him. It had only been a while since he had seen the familiar face, and missed her terribly. Unfortunately, although they looked alike, he knew that the Elf that was standing in front of him was not the one he knew and cared for.

"Celeste, what brings you here?" William asked. His heart ached a bit because looking at his Master's twin sister reminded him of the beautiful woman who had taken his first time, and left for the Demonic Continent to find her Master. 

Celeste smiled. Her sister, Celine, had informed her that Wiliam already knew about her identity. Since that was the case, there was no need to make a long introduction for herself.

"I came here because you have unknowingly become one of the successors of my profession," Celeste explained. "I came here, as the Progenitor of Familiamancers, to teach you how to activate your powers."

Before William could even reply, Chiffon took a fighting stance as she voiced out a question.

"What Virtue do you represent?" Chiffon asked. "If you don't give me an honest answer, I will not let you get near Will."

Since Chiffon could easily sense the presence of the Seven Deadly Sins, she could also sense their counterparts as well. 

"I mean you no harm," Celeste replied. "I'm not very comfortable in revealing my Virtue to anyone."

"Tell me, or I will not allow you to do as you please with my husband."

"Husband? You?"

Celeste shifted her gaze to William and gave him a disapproving look. She already knew that William was her twin sister's first man, but her sister never mentioned that William was already married.

Aside from the mission that was assigned to her, Celeste's motivation to come to the Tower as soon as she could was due to her curiosity about her twin sister's chosen man. She wanted to see the person whom Celine had taken a gamble with, to try to break free from the prophecy that they had been fighting against all their lives.

"You're married?" Celeste asked. "Big Sister didn't tell me anything about this."

"It's complicated," William replied as he placed his hand over Chiffon's shoulder. "But, Chiffon is indeed my wife. We got married here on the 51st Floor."

"Was it part of the reason for how you were able to conquer this floor?"

"Yes."

"Interesting." Celeste eyed the pink-haired girl who had managed to marry her twin sister's Disciple. "I will ask for more details later. You'd better not hide anything. I will report this to my sister. Whatever kind of punishment she will give you later, you better accept it without any resistance."

The corner of William's lips twitched because Celeste was acting like a mother-in-law who had found out that her son-in-law was cheating on her daughter. 

While this was happening, the two fairy-like creatures that looked exactly like Celeste were looking at William like he was some sort of scum.

"You still haven't answered my question," Chiffon insisted. "What Virtue do you represent?"

William pulled his feisty wife in his arms and patted her head. "It's fine. She's not hostile to us. You can feel it too, right?"

"Will, you don't understand," Chiffon replied. "Each of the Seven Sins carry a power that can break the laws of the world. Celeste is one of the Seven Virtues, meaning, she also has that kind of power. If you deal with them in a casual manner, they might stab you in the back."

(A/N: Not if Will stabs them in the back first kekeke.)

Seeing that his wife wouldn't take no for an answer, William sighed and nodded his head. 

"I'm sorry about this, but can you just tell us what Virtue you represent?" William asked. "I am your sister's Disciple. I swear on my name and hers that I will not tell a soul about it."

Celeste knew that there was no other way to fix the issue because the pink-haired girl was adamant to know what her Divinity was. Left with no choice, she decided to compromise and revealed the Virtue she wielded.

"Allow me to formally introduce myself," Celeste gave a simple curtsy as she eyed William from where she stood. 

"Aside from my given name, I also go by the name Castitas." Celeste smiled. "I am the maiden that represents the Virtue of Chastity, Celeste Dy Wisteria. It is my pleasure and honor to meet the son of the Saintess of the World Tree, and the Hero of the Elves, as well as the one and only Disciple of my sister, Celine.

"I have long wanted to meet you, William Von Ainsworth. I pray that our relationship will be a good one.. Not only for your sake, but for my sister's as well."


Chapter 652

 

"Chastity?" William arched his eyebrow. "So you are the counterpart of Sidonie."

"If you are referring to the maiden that represents the Sin of Lust then yes, I am her counterpart." Celine eyed William with curiosity. 'Not only my sister, but he also has that little girl as his lover. Not to mention, he's also an acquaintance with the Sin of Lust. Having the three Sins on his side makes him a very likely candidate to be the Prince of Darkness.'

The Silvermoon Continent, as well as some of the factions that were aware of the Prophecy were keeping their eyes on possible candidates that matched the Elven Prophecy. Some of them wanted to control the Prince, while others wanted to eliminate him.

Right now, Celeste was in the faction that wanted to kill the Prince of Darkness, so the Prophecy wouldn't come to pass. 

Her sister had used her body to test whether William was indeed the Prince, but the result was negative. Celeste even used her Divinity to sweep her twin's body, in order to look for the prophesied mark of ownership that the Prince would bestow upon his rightful bride.

Since she didn't see any mark on her sister, her suspicion about William being the Prince had decreased, but it didn't disappear completely. If the Half-Elf even showed a small inkling that he was the one in the Prophecy, Celeste wouldn't hesitate to kill him, even if her sister, Celine, would hate her forever.

While William was pondering his next move, Chloee, the blonde little fairy that looked like Celeste raised her little fist and made a demand.

"We came here from far away to teach you, and you're just standing there like a fool, are you a fool?" Chloee asked. "Aren't you at least going to serve us some tea? Some snacks? I like pancakes, do you have pancakes?"

The awkward atmosphere immediately disappeared due to Chloee's energetic demands.

William patted Chiffon's head and asked her to stand down for the time being. Regardless of whether they came here to teach him or not, Celeste was his Master's twin sister, so he had to at least be a good host and show her his hospitality.

"Where are my manners?" William smiled at his three visitors. He then spread out his hands in a welcoming manner and proclaimed the name of his domain. "As the first visitors to my Domain, I welcome you all to Asgard. Please, follow me."

William held Chiffon's hand and walked towards the castle.

Celeste looked at the rainbow bridge that was in front of her with great curiosity before taking  a step forward. She had seen many amazing things during her childhood, but this was the first time she had seen this kind of scenery.

The Bifrost bridge was a wonder to behold. Even Chloee and Claire flew towards the ground and patted the bridge out of curiosity.

"These bridges are made from laws of the domain," Claire muttered. She was the scholar, and her twin sister, Chloee was the musclehead of their group.  The little familiar was very curious about everything in the world that caught her interest. 

"Is this safe to cross?" Chloee inquired. However, she didn't wait for an answer. Using her little fist, she punched the bridge to test whether it was strong or not. "Eyah!"

Immediately, the place where she punched was destroyed and cracks spread at a rapid pace. 

Celeste, who was only a meter away from the destroyed portion of the Bi-Frost bridge, pretended that nothing happened, and continued to walk forward. However, if one were to look closely, the pace of her walk had drastically increased, overtaking the cracks that were forming behind her.

"What kind of low-budgeted construction is this?!" Chloee raised her little fist in anger. "Whoever made this bridge skimped on the materials!"

Claire flew forward and caught up with Celeste. Right now, both her and Celeste pretended that they didn't know the little troublemaker that was slapping the rainbow bridge, due to her irritation.

The corner of William's lips twitched when he saw the destruction that happened behind him. The Bifrost wasn't something that could be destroyed by a single punch. Even Loki had to work in sabotaging the bridge for years before he succeeded in splitting it in two.

'That Chloee is dangerous,' William thought. 'Perhaps she has a skill similar to the Rule Breaker that I use. A skill that ignores the laws of the world and nullifies it in her presence.'

The portion that Chloee had hit earlier was starting to crumble, and the little familiar was still shouting crap like "Cheap materials or Dumb Domain builder!".

William sighed and waved his hand. The cracks that were spreading in the bridge stopped their advance and started fixing themselves. Even the destroyed portion of the bridge was once again repaired, making the little familiar, Chloee laugh before once again hitting it with her little fist.

It was as if she was playing a fun game. She wanted to know which would be faster. The bridge's recovery rate or the destruction that she was dealing it with.

William finally reached the limit of his patience and gave Celeste a devilish smile.

"Do you mind?" William asked.

Celeste coughed lightly and called out to her familiar who had gotten carried away in destroying the Bifrost bridge like a little child that had found a fun toy to play with.

Chloee reluctantly stopped her attacks as she obediently flew towards Celeste's direction. However a few seconds later, a mischievous smile appeared on her face. Without warning, she punched the Bifrost bridge once again and continued her assault while laughing like a little witch, all the way towards Celeste.

Seeing that the bridge was starting to collapse, William, Chiffon, and Celeste ran as fast as they could so that the mad, little, familiar behind them would not accidentally kill them all due to her crazy stunts.

Fortunately, the group managed to cross the bridge before it collapsed entirely. 

Chloee's mad laughter could be heard not far away, which made Celeste and Claire feel apologetic.

"Please, control your pet," William said with a frown. "This Domain is just newly built, make sure she doesn't raze it to the ground."

Celeste lightly cleared her throat before correcting William. "She's not my pet. She is my Familiar. Soon, you will have a familiar of your own, because I will mentor you in the way of the Familiamancer."

Claire flew in front of William and gave him an apologetic bow. "I will look after her and make sure she behaves for the duration of our stay. I apologize for her uncouth actions."

William stared at the familiar with short, green hair with curls in the end, and gray eyes, that was filled with wisdom. She looked exactly like a little Celeste. Both Chloee and Claire looked really cute, but their personalities were miles apart.

The Half-Elf didn't mind having the polite Claire inside his Domain, but the trigger happy Chloee concerned him very much.

"Very well, I'll trust that you can handle your twin," William replied. "Let's enter the castle."

"Thank you," Claire nodded and flew towards Celeste's right shoulder.

Chloee had already landed on Celest's left shoulder and had a satisfied look on her face.

Just as they were about to enter the castle, a flying mace appeared carrying a golden piglet on its head. 

Chiffon reached out to hold Gullinbusti, and patted Sharur's head before taking the lead to enter the castle. She really disliked that one of the Seven Virtues had disturbed her one month honeymoon with William on the Floor of Asgard.

Even so, Chiffon was a sensible lady. William had already told her that Celeste was not their enemy, so the little glutton decided to not antagonize their guests for the duration of their stay.

Chiffon only hoped that their guests were really guests, and not pests. However, due to Chloee's unexpected rampage, the pink-haired girl's first impression of Celeste and her familiars had dropped to the bottom.

William had an idea about what Chiffon was thinking, but he was also very curious about the Unique Prestige Class, Familiamancer.

He had seen how powerful Chloee was. If his Familiars would be just as powerful as her then he wouldn't mind learning how this Job Class worked.

According to the System, William needed the assistance of the Familiamancer's Progenitor to unlock it. William didn't have to be a genius to know that Celeste was the Progenitor of the Familiamancer Job Class. Since she had just told him that's who she was.

According to the System's calculation, Celeste is the only Familiamancer in the World of Hestia at this point in time. This was not the first time that he had seen a Job Class that required the permission of its Progenitor in order to be unlocked.

His Incubus Job Class had been one of these. It required the user to get the permission of the Goddess of Lust before they could become an incubus or a succubi. This restriction was considered a special case, and not many Job Classes had this requirement. 

William was already looking forward to the newfound powers that he would be able to unleash once his new Prestige Class was unlocked.

What he didn't know was that Celeste was also very interested in what kind of familiar William would be able to summon. The powers, shape, size, appearance, and personality of the Familiars were highly dependent on their summoner.

'Maybe he will summon a Dragon,' Celeste thought. 'A phoenix is also a possibility.'

The beautiful Elf followed William with a helpless smile on her face. Not only had William become her sister's one and only Disciple, he also became the first Familiamancer that she would guide under her wing.

Celeste felt that this was too much of a coincidence, but even so, she was glad that the Profession she had acquired finally had its first follower.


Chapter 653

 

"Okay, let me get this straight… you are the very first Familiamancer in this world, correct?" William asked the beautiful Elf in front of him, who looked exactly like his Master, Celine.

Celeste nodded her head. "Yes. I came here to teach you how to become one as well."

William, Chiffon, Celeste, and her two familiars were currently in the dining room having breakfast. 

William lowered his head and pondered for a bit. "I would like to learn how to become a Familiamancer, but I won't become your Disciple. Is that fine?"

The corner of Celeste's lips curled up into a smile as she eyed William with her beautiful blue eyes. Although she had an inkling why William refused to become her Disciple, she still decided to ask to confirm her hunch.

"Is your reason for declining to become my Disciple related to my sister?" Celeste inquired. Her gaze never left William, as the latter stared back at her.

"Yes," William replied. The Half-Elf could feel a little pain in his chest because Celeste looked exactly like Celine. 

If not for the fact that the Elf in front of him had long, light-green hair. and blue eyes, he would have definitely pulled her into his arms and kissed her passionately. Looking at Celeste made William remember his Master, whom he had already marked as his lover. 

"You're too greedy," Celeste stated before adding honey to the pancake on her plate. "You wanted to become a Familiamancer, and yet you don't want to become my Disciple. Do you understand how unreasonable this demand is?"

Right beside Celeste, the two familiars were also busy eating pancakes. Not far from them, several Elves–wearing maid clothing–stood straight, while taking turns to replenish the food and drinks on the dining table.

Charmaine stood beside William and personally poured fruit juice into his glass. She was the Half-Elf's personal maid, and always performed her duty to the best of her abilities.

Surprisingly, Celeste seemed indifferent to this setup. Although she, herself, was an Elf, she didn't mind seeing the Elves do these chores akin to servants. 

"Can you just make me a Familiamancer and leave me be? I'll just study the profession on my own."

"I'm starting to regret my decision to travel to the Tower as fast as I could." Celeste sighed. "If I only knew that you have this kind of attitude, I wouldn't have bothered coming here."

Celeste could tell that William didn't like her. This was the first time that someone had treated her this way. In the Silvermoon Continent, everyone would look at her with admiration. Even the Royal Family would greet her whenever she visited the palace.

In Hestia Academy, all the boys would look at her with infatuation, and the girls with adoration. Even the Kings and Emperors in the Central Continent would give her invitations and marriage proposals due to her beauty and identity.

However, on the Floor of Asgard, a Half-Elf was treating her like a suspicious salesman who was peddling his wares on their front door. 

This feeling was very refreshing to her!

Someone actually dared to turn her away?

William didn't know that his constant rejection of Celeste only fanned her determination to make him the second Familiamancer in the world of Hestia. 

'Familiamancers must have this kind of attitude,' Celeste thought. 'Unaffected by beauty, fame, and fortune. I guess my sister was right in choosing this person.'

If James was there and heard Celeste's thoughts, he would probably laugh out loud due to how wrong her assumption was.

William was unaffected by beauty?

If he was unaffected by beauty then he wouldn't have other thoughts of his beautiful Master when they spent their time together when he was young.

Unaffected by fame?

Hah! What a joke! Although William might act lowkey at times, and have a modest temperament when being praised, deep inside he was hinting for people to praise him, especially his good looks.

As for not being affected by fortune?

This was the biggest joke in the world. If William had his way, he would loot every bandit group, the treasury of every corrupt noble, and even sneak to and secretly mine the hidden resources in any Empire he visited. 

Among James' bloodline, William shared his greedy character when it comes to hoarding fortune! As long as it had value, the Half-Elf would definitely snatch it without fail!

"Then how about this, let Chloee teach you how to become a Familiamancer," Claire, who had just finished eating her pancake proposed. "Regardless of what you think, you still need someone to teach you how to properly wield your newfound powers. We are Celeste's Familiar, so we know a thing or two about Familiars. What do you say?"

William glanced at the small familiar that looked like a young version of Celeste. He had a good impression of Claire because the latter had a good head on her shoulders. She also had this very calming personality that was very hard to reject.

The Half-Elf would have readily agreed to this proposal if Claire had volunteered herself to be the one teaching William the way of being a Familiamancer. However, the little familiar had delegated her all-brawn-and-no-brains twin sister, Chloee, to teach William.

He glanced at the little fairy who was busy eating her pancake. Chloee's cheeks were bulging like a hamster, that had stuffed it's cheek pouches full, from overeating, and seemed completely oblivious of the discussion.

After remembering what the maniacal Familiar did to the Bifrost Bridge, William was very apprehensive in agreeing to Claire's proposal.

"How about you teach me instead?" William inquired. "I think you would be a better teacher."

Claire smiled but firmly shook her head. 

"That may be true, but I feel like both of us are going to get along really well," Claire replied. "For me, this is not a good thing. I don't want to feel attachment to people. It makes me feel… weak."

The little Familiar gazed at William with her calm, steady, gray-eyes that seemed to know all the secrets of the world. William had a feeling that only very strong emotions could make ripples in those gray-depths that seemed to hold the entire world at an arm's length.

William could feel that Claire was being sincere with him. The Familiar didn't want to form any attachment, so she decided to push the responsibility to her twin sister, who had the ability to demolish the Castle of Asgard if she were to use 70% of her true power.

Chiffon quietly fed the golden piglet, Bacon, a piece of pancake. The piglet was currently on top of the table and enjoying his Master's affection. Sharur, on the other hand, had transformed into an armguard and equipped itself into Chiffon's left arm. 

Just like Svalinn, the Mythical Mace chose to stay with Chiffon and ensure that she was protected from harm. 

Chiffon was still a bit angry because her quality time with William had come to a premature end, but she also respected her lover's will to become stronger. Since she was his wife, Chiffon decided to support William in whatever endeavor he chose. 

After hearing Claire's proposal, she, too, glanced at the little Familiar who had just asked for another serving of pancakes from one of the Elven Maids. 

Only after finishing her ninth pancake did Chloee feel that something was amiss. 

She glanced at everyone present at the table and realized that all of them were looking at her. 

Chloee frowned, but this only lasted for a brief moment. After that brief moment of hesitation, Celeste's Familiar once again asked for another serving of pancake, which made everyone's lips twitch at the same time.

After breakfast, William decided to compromise and accept Claire's suggestion. 

Celeste, on the other hand, felt amused by this turn of events. The beautiful Elf wondered if Chloee was up to the task of teaching someone on how to become a Familiamancer.

Regardless of how it turned out, this was something that Celeste would like to see with her own eyes.

William led the group to the training field. There was something that he had to test, so he decided to see just how strong a familiar was.

Chloee's performance in the Bifrost Bridge had left a lasting impression on him. He wanted to fully understand how a small familiar like her could deal that much damage, even with her small body.

"When my Master, Celine, taught me Dark Magic, the two of us would often spar together," William said as he turned around to look at Chloee. "If you want to become my Master, you need to prove yourself first. Let's fight. Show me how strong a Familiar is."

Chloee's eyes widened in shock. She didn't expect that William would challenge her to a fight.

Celeste and Claire who were standing at the side sneered in their hearts. Among the three of them, Chloee was the one who advocated violence. The thing that she liked the most was to smash and beat up things that blocked her way.

After the initial shock ended, Chloee's eyes sparkled in delight. She then turned her head to look at her twin, Claire, with a big smile on her face.

"Hah! I told you that fighting is the best way to build relationships, but you didn't want to believe me," Chloee had a smug expression on her face, which made Claire sigh internally. 

"Hold your punches, okay? We don't want you to accidentally kill him," Claire replied.

"Don't worry, I will do it in mode- modera…"

"Moderation."

"Yes! I will do it with Modedation!" Chloee shifted her gaze to William and the smile on her face widened.

Celeste and Claire lit a candle for William in their hearts.. They already knew that the word Moderation was not in Chloee's dictionary. She couldn't even spell the words right even if her life depended on it!


Chapter 654

 

William summoned his wooden staff and took a fighting stance. 

Chloee, on the other hand, just crossed her arms over her chest. She had a confident smile plastered on her face. For a brief moment, William felt that no matter what he threw at her, the little Familiar in front of him would be able to withstand it without fail.

"Are you ready?" William asked.

Chloee didn't answer. Instead, she raised her right index finger and made the "come and get me" gesture at William.

William took a step forward and charged at her directly. Since he wanted to test Chloee's abilities, he should be the one to initiate the attack.

With a powerful thrust, William's staff came flying towards the small familiar in a straight line. 

Chloee hovered in the air with her wings flapping behind her back. She had no intention of dodging William's attack. In fact, she, too, wanted to know what the Half-Elf was capable of doing.

When the tip of the staff was only a few inches away from Chloee's body, the Familiar casually raised her hand and punched it!

Suddenly, an unexpected thing happened. 

The other end of the staff slammed on William's chest, sending him flying several meters in the air. Chiffon, who was holding Bacon in her arms, gasped in shock after seeing the unbelievable scene. 

Celeste, and Claire, didn't have any changes in their expression. It was as if they had already expected this to happen.

William immediately propped himself on the ground and massaged his right chest that was currently making breathing difficult for him.

Everything happened so fast, and he didn't have the opportunity to react to Chloee's counterattack. This was the first time that his attack had been turned against him in this manner, and he found it unbelievable.

'Optimus, what do you think?' William inquired. 'Did you gauge how strong she is?'

< No. However, we can see her stats if you pay 100,000 God Points >

'Do it.'

William's God Points had dwindled to a million after purchasing the legendary weapons for his battle with Belial. Fortunately, there was a hidden quest that activated after he acquired the 51st Floor, which gained him Five Million God Points as a reward.

Although 100,000 God Points to view the stats of his enemy was not a small sum, he still decided to do it.

Why?

Because he wanted to know just how strong his opponent was

——

< Spending 100,000 God Points to use Advance Appraisal Skill. >

Remaining God Points: 6,240,042

——

The corner of William's lips twitched after he saw the stats of the little familiar in front of him. He couldn't believe that Chloee's stats were actually stronger than his!

—–

Name: Chloee

Race: Familiar

Health Points: 30,000 / 30,000

Mana: 100 / 100

< Strength: 999 (+999 if Juggernaut Activates) >

< Agility: 100 >

< Vitality: 100 >

< Intelligence: 5 >

< Dexterity: 100 >

Skills: 

Combat Mastery [EX]

Unarmed Mastery [EX]

Progenitor Instinct [EX}

Weapon Mastery [EX]

Overwhelming Strike [EX] (Can be used 3x a day)

Duel-EX

Stunning Strike

World Ending Strike

Titles:

Might Over Magic

Juggernaut

—–

< Progenitor Instinct [EX] >

– The 6th sense allows your body to move subconsciously to prevent any form of damage.

– This skill has a 30% chance of activation.

< Might Over Magic >

– Has the power to nullify any kind of law or ability using brute strength.

– Increase resistance against Magic Attacks by 50%

– The side effect of using this ability is being unable to stop cursing the one responsible for activating this ability. 

< Juggernaut >

– Increases Strength by 100% if Health Points is equal or below 70%

– Strength Stat cannot be lowered by spells or other abilities. 

—–

< World Ending Strike >

– The damage of this attack is equivalent to the strength stat multiplied by two. 

– Your world will end if you get hit by this, along with the chances of you leaving any descendants behind. 

– Deals 1000% additional damage if it hits anything below the belt.

—–

'What kind of bullsh*t character sheet is this?!' William cursed internally. 'Progenitor Instinct? World Ending Strike? Dafuk is this sh*t?!'

The Half-Elf couldn't believe that such a cheat character existed! Even he, who had a System, didn't have stats that surpassed 500 points. Also, that was not the end of it. If Chloee suffered damage and her HP fell below 70% her already cheat-like strength doubled!

The second part that made William's liver ache was Chloee's skills. All of them were designed for close combat, and she even had the skills Overwhelming Strike and Duel-Ex! These skills were William's Trump Cards and he was well aware how powerful this combination was.

—–

< Overwhelming Strike [EX]>

— Thrice a day you can deliver one full-powered unarmed strike that contains all of your strength.

— Damage dealt is equivalent to your Strength Stat multiplied by 20.

— Knockback Effect

—–

Overwhelming Strike was a monk skill that multiplied the strength stat by 20. William had used it to defeat several opponents because this skill was something that they wouldn't expect.

Chloee's strength stat without the Juggernaut Ability was already 999. If she were to use this skill, her strength stats would be multiplied by twenty, and would jump to 19,980.

William had no doubt in his mind that if Chloee were to punch Drauum, the Ancient Golem of the Silvermoon Continent, the bastard would be blown to bits instantly!

The Half-Elf could only use this skill once a day, but Chloee could use it three times a day! With such a powerful skill at her arsenal, very few individuals under the realm of Demigod would be her match. 

Another skill that was worth noting was Duel-Ex. This skill would force her opponent to exchange one blow against her. 

William could already feel his liver itching for the second time at the thought of these skills being used on him. 

Even Optimus was speechless after it saw Chloee's stats. The System had no doubt in its mind that the only way that William could win against the small Familiar was using the Prestige Class, Einherjar.

While William was sweating buckets internally, the little Familiar raised her chin arrogantly and cursed him out loud.

"Is that your best?" Chloee asked in disdain. The side-effect of her Law Breaker skill had activated. "We just clashed once and you're already in a daze. The Auntie in the canteen of Hestia Academy packs a stronger punch than you. What's wrong? Did you get scared that you can't even fight back? As expected of a Half-Elf, your face looks like a p*ssy!"

William almost spat blood then and there. He had used those very same curses at his enemies in the past, and they went livid upon hearing it. Now that the same curses were being used against him, he felt like his intestines were hurting. 

The Little Familiar was still not satisfied and continued to ridicule William in a haughty manner.

"I am only using 30% of my full power!" Chloee declared in arrogance. "Hmp! If you can make me use 70% of my powers, I will recognize you as my Disciple! Now fight me!"

Chiffon who was watching on the side was half worried, and half amused with her husband's current state. She was worried because it seemed that William's opponent was stronger than him, and half amused because this was the first time that she saw William have a constipated expression on his face.

Celeste and Claire were snickering in their hearts because this was a very common scene in Hestia Academy. 

Chloee had been labeled as the Juggernaut of Hestia Academy because she was the Academy's hoodlum. Even the Headmaster was powerless against her. The only way to pacify her was to shower her with praises, and give her rewards from time to time. 

In time, the students, professors, and staff of the academy had learned how to deal with the notorious Familiar that flew around the academy. This was the first time that William fought Chloee, so Celeste and Claire were sure that the Half-Elf would find her to be a very hard opponent to defeat.

William closed his eyes and calmed his breathing. He knew that there were many powerful beings in Hestia, but he didn't expect that he would find someone as strong as Chloee. Of course, the little Familiar was not an omnipotent existence.

Granted, she was indeed strong. However, if she were thrown to fight against Belial's Horde of Monsters, Chloee would definitely be defeated because her forte lay on one-on-one battles.

Even if she was capable of beating a dozen opponents simultaneously, she was not like William who could fight against tens of thousands of enemies at the same time. If you look at this angle then Chloee was not that powerful.

But, the fact still remained that William wasn't fighting an army. He was fighting a single foe, and her power required him to take the battle seriously.

It was at that moment when the atmosphere around William changed. His red hair grew and turned silver.

Chloee also felt the changes in William's current state. However, instead of feeling anxious, a devilish smile appeared on her face.

Stormcaller and Soleil appeared beside William. The two sentient weapons floated in the air as their bodies were covered in lightning and fire. 

—–

Name: William Von Ainsworth

Race: Half-Elf

Health Points: 365,100 / 365,100

Mana: 396,600 / 396,600

Job Class: Quick Shot Shepherd (Level 30)

Sub Class: Einherjar (Max Level)

< Strength: 258 (+972) >

< Agility: 275 (+997) > 

< Vitality: 254 (+966) >

< Intelligence: 295 (+1,027)>

< Dexterity: 315 (+1,058) >

—–

William understood that he would be facing strong opponents in the future. If he didn't even have the courage to face Chloee then what was the purpose of him wanting to be stronger?

Although his opponent dominated one-on-one battles, William didn't believe that he would be defeated easily if he went all out.

"Good," Chloee said with a smile. "That's more like it. Since you decided to fight me seriously, I will use 60% of my power."

Chloee took a fighting stance and her body glowed golden.

"Familia Oversoul!" Chloee declared.

Suddenly a powerful shockwave erupted in the surroundings. The little Familiar's body grew until her height was the same as Chiffon's.

William stared at the young teenage version of Celeste, whose presence had changed drastically.

Since William had already used the Appraisal Skill on Chloee once, he could use this skill again to check her stats without paying any additional God Points. He immediately used his Appraisal Skill and checked the information of his opponent that was using 60% of her full power.

—–

Name: Chloee

Race: Familiar

Health Points: 150,000 / 150,000

Mana: 2500 / 2500

< Strength: 5,000 ( +5,000 if Juggernaut Activates) >

< Agility: 500 >

< Vitality: 500 >

< Intelligence: 50 >

< Dexterity: 500 >

—–

William didn't expect that Chloee had a second form. Also, her stats had drastically increased as well.

Although William's overall stats were stronger, Chloee's strength stat was nothing to sneeze at. If he were to get hit by her punch, he would definitely feel a world of pain. 

Chloee's beautiful face beamed with delight as she took a fighting stance. It had been a while since she had taken this form, and she was more than happy to go on a rampage after being cooped up in Hestia Academy for too long. 

Both of them were now in the initial stages of the Saint Rank. Celeste, Claire, and Chiffon had retreated to a safe distance to allow the two fighters to go all out. They knew that they would only get in the way of the battle if they stayed.

William looked at his opponent with a serious expression on his face. This was no longer a spar. 

This was a battle that would let the Half-Elf understand his limitations, while he was using the strongest Job Class in his arsenal. 

The Half-Elf didn't expect that he would be using his Prestige Class so soon, and he had to admit that his odds of winning against Chloee was fifty-fifty. 

"Are you ready?" Chloee asked. This time, she was the one to take the initiative to ask William if he was ready. This was her way of showing respect to her opponent that had decided to go all out against her.

"Yes," William replied. "I am ready."

William understood that Chloee's threat was very real. 

If the Familiar really intended to use Duel-Ex and Overwhelming Strike against him, he would have to put his life on the line, in order to survive the punch that was strong enough to obliterate the Castle of Asgard with a single blow. 


Chapter 655

William and Chloee were about to clash, when the System reminded William that it wouldn't be safe to fight near the castle using his full power.

"Wait." The Half-Elf immediately raised a hand to stop Chloee from charging at him. "Let's change location. I don't want the castle to be destroyed."

Chloee smirked and nodded her head. She then followed William as the latter flew towards the plains of Asgard, where the great battle of Ragnarok took place.

Seeing that both fighters were changing location, Celeste and Claire followed suit using a flight spell.  

Chiffon, on the other hand, summoned B1 and B2. The two Dumb Birds merged with Chiffon and became her wings. She was still wary of Celeste and her familiars, so she didn't want them to be alone with William. If any of them made any suspicious moves on her husband, she would activate her Divinity and devour them without mercy.

When the pink-haired girl arrived at the plains of Asgard, the battle had already begun.

Lightning and flames streaked across the battlefield as William fought Chloee in ranged combat. Although William was also a melee fighter, his opponent's strength stat was a powerful deterrent that prevented him from engaging in close combat.  

Chloee may not be as fast as William, but his attacks did very little damage to her because of her powerful skill set.

After firing several long range skills, William decided that he should take precautions just in case the battle went out of hand.  

'Optimus, please, disable the Passive Skill, One Who Breaks The Rules,' William ordered.

< Understood. >

Although William was willing to test his limits, he didn't want to lose memories over this battle. The battle against Belial had hurt him deeply, because several important memories were lost, with no chances of returning ever again.

Although they were memories of the Past, William still treasured them in his heart.

"Cheapshot!" Chloee shouted. "If you dare, let me hit you once!"

William ignored the Familiar's taunts and maneuvered around the battlefield. He used his superior speed to stay out of Chloee's range, and just peppered her with Stormcaller's and Soleil's elemental attacks.

""Quick Shot War Arts… First Form." William aimed Stormcaller at the Familiar who was like a sitting duck waiting to get bullied from afar. "Destroy everything in your path!"

"Railgun!"

This was one of William's strongest, and fastest attacks, that was strong enough to pierce through a mountain with ease. He wanted to test how Chloee would be able to handle an attack that surpassed the speed of sound.  

When William unleashed his skill, Chloee's leg also rose up. Soon a deafening sound erupted in the air as William's Railgun was completely neutralized by the Familiar's kick.

"Nice." Chloee's eyes narrowed. "That is one dangerous ability you have there."

William observed the Familiar's foot, but not even a scratch could be seen on its surface. Clearly, his attack didn't deal any damage to his opponent which made him take the battle extra seriously.

"Bloom in the battlefield!" William roared. "Fleur Du Soleil!"

Soleil that was floating high above the clouds to absorb the power of the sun descended towards Chloee with fury. Its body was covered in flames and streaked towards its target like a meteorite.

"Fist of the South Star!" Chloee shouted as she met the flaming spear head on and punched it.

Another powerful explosion took place in the air, sending William skidding a few meters from where he hovered. He stared at the beautiful flaming flower in the sky, and knew that Soleil hit its target perfectly.

However, at the center of the flaming flower, a young lady with short blonde hair with curls at the end, stared back at him with a devilish grin. Her beautiful blue eyes stared at William like a hawk targeting its prey, and it made the Half-Elf's evaluation of her rise another level.

< The Power of a Progenitor cannot be underestimated. Since they are the first of their kind, it also means that their powers are far above the norm. Be careful, Will. >

William nodded his head. He had read in some novels that Vampire Progenitors were stronger than other vampires because they were the first generation. As the first generation of Familiars, Chloee's and Claire's powers far exceeded the norm, and far exceeded William's expectations.

'Try to find her weak point,' William ordered.  

< Understood >

Unlike his Railgun attack, Soleil managed to cause a bit of damage to Chloee. However, they were very insignificant. Her clothes were burned in some places, but that was it. William was paying close attention to her stats and noticed that her Juggernaut Skill still hadn't activated.

This meant that her health was still good, and Soleil's destructive attack was only akin to a small scratch.

"Tis but a scratch," Chloee said as she clenched her fist. "Since you don't plan to come to me, I'll make you come to me by force."

The girl, who was as tall as Chiffon, pointed at William with a sneer.

"Duel-Ex!"

William was about to scoff at the Familiar's bluff when suddenly, he felt his body being pulled towards her.  

The Half-Elf's eyes widened in shock because he made sure to stay out of the range of the forced aggression skill "Duel-Ex". Since he had used it several times in the past, he was quite familiar with its range. He believed that as long as he stayed away, Chloee wouldn't be able to force him to fight her in close combat.

What he didn't know was that Chloee's Duel-Ex was different from his. The Familiar's Duel-Ex worked regardless of distance. As long as she could see her target, she could pull them to her location anytime she wanted!

"Sh*t!" William cursed out loud as he summoned Arondight from his storage ring.  

"Cut through the firmament!" William roared. "Raze the world, Arondight!"

A reddish-black beam of light erupted at the tip of the Demonic Sword and flew towards the Familiar who was also flying towards William with a fearless grin.

Chloee pulled back her arm and her closed fist shone brightly.

"World Ending Strike!" Chloee shouted as she met William's attack with her bare fist.

The powerful beam and the small fist collided, but William's attack was soon split in half. Chloee's attack broke through its center and the Familiar flew towards William while roaring in laughter.

William braced himself as he clashed with Chloee using his full-powered strike.  

A metallic sound rang in the air, sending shockwaves in every direction. William heard a resounding crack, followed by searing pain on his right hand. He knew that his right hand, and arm, had been broken, but that was the least of his worries.

After the clash ended, William decisively pulled back and gained distance from the Familiar whose eyes had turned golden.  

Chloee's Juggernaut skill had activated due to the damage she received from Arondight, and now her strength stat had doubled.

She hovered in the air and looked at William with a smile.  

"I'll give you an opportunity to heal yourself," Chloee said with arrogance. "I don't want others to think that I'm bullying you."

William chuckled internally because of the Familiar's condescending words. He looked at his arm that was bent in an unnatural angle and allowed the system to scan the extent of the damage he received.  

Fortunately, Arondight's attack had greatly lessened the force of Chloee's attack. If the attack had hit him with its full power, his arm might have been torn off from his body due to its overwhelming raw power.

'If she used the Overwhelming Strike, I might have become a goner,' William thought as he drank a High-Quality Rejuvenation Potion.  

Although he didn't want to use any healing abilities during their battle, he deemed that it was necessary to face such a cheat-like character in his peak condition.

Several cracking and popping sounds reached his ear as the damage in his arm recovered. Chloee watched this scene with fascination with her hands resting on her waist.

After William's arm had fully recovered, the Familiar once again took a fighting stance before giving her opponent an ultimatum.

"I will end this in the next attack," Chloee stated. "If you have any trump cards left, use them now. I guarantee that you will not have an opportunity to use it again… "

William knew that the Familiar wasn't joking around. He still wanted to test a few things, but he decided that it would be useless against her. He had already realized this when he used Arondight against her.  

Arondight was a sword that was said to be equal and even more powerful than Excalibur. Chloee's skill, Might Over Magic, was the perfect counter to magical attacks.

William was half-tempted to ask the System to enable the skill that he asked to be locked, but decided against it. It simply was not worth it to sacrifice his memories just to beat the opponent in front of him.

The air trembled around William as the elements of Earth, Water, Wind, Fire, and Lighting gathered in his right hand.  

Soon, these elements merged together forming a rainbow colored ball of pure energy.

Chloee yawned because she knew that this kind of attack wouldn't deal any damage to her. She thought that William had other tricks under his sleeve, but she was greatly disappointed.

"Heroes of Valhalla," William said and thirteen perfect clones appeared all around him.  

Each of the clones carried the Legendary Weapons in their arsenal and their presence made Chloee narrow her eyes.

Just like William had suspected, Chloee was more of a one-on-one fighter. Her ability to deal with multiple opponents at once was not her strong point. This was especially true for opponents that had similar power levels like William's.

"Well, at least you're not stupid, I'll give you that," Chloee's expressoin finally became serious, but the smile on her lips didn't disappear.  

Her entire body glowed golden and the fairy-like wings behind her back were set ablaze in golden flames.

"70%," Chloee said softly. "Not bad."

Chloee had finally used 70% of her power, which increased her strength stat by 500, and her other stats by a hundred.  

Claire, who was looking at her twin from a distance, smiled. It had been so long since she had seen Chloee this happy, and it made her happy as well.

However, Celeste, who was floating beside her, had a serious expression on her face. She had prepared a spell on her hand that would automatically summon Chloee to her side in case of an emergency.

Celeste was afraid that Chloee might get carried away and use her Overwhelming Strike on William.. The beautiful Elf knew that if something happened to her sister's Disciple, Celine, would definitely not take it lying down, and might even hate her for it… forever.







Chapter 656

Fourteen William's faced off against the beautiful Familiar, who was looking at them with a fearless smile.  

"Come," Chloee said. "Or do you want me to force you to come to me?"

William raised his hand and his clones took a battle formation. This was his strongest combination attack, and if Chloee managed to beat this then William had no choice but to recognize her superiority.

"For Honor and Glory! Conquer my way to victory!" William ordered. "Charge, my Knights of the Round Table!"

The Thirteen Clones glowed and turned into rays of light. All of them flew towards Chloee as the powers of the Legendary Weapons activated in their hands.

"Go for the kill, Gaebolg!"  

The Legendary Spear that was said to give its enemies a very gruesome and painful death shot towards Chloee with the intention of ending her life.

The Familiar turned her body to the side, evading the attack by a hair's breadth.  

"Strike with unparalleled precision, Gungnir!"

The Spear that was said to belong to the King of the Norse Gods, Odin, flew straight and true. This spear was said to have the uncanny ability to never miss its target, regardless of the proficiency of its wielder.

"Exterminate, Khyrselakatos!"

A rain of arrows covered the skies, turning the surroundings dark. The arrowtips had an eerie green glow that was said to contain strong poison that was very effective against women.

Chloee was facing the rain of arrows, while Gungnir came flying towards her from behind. However, the Familiar was not fazed. She reached out behind her without even turning her head, and grabbed the tip of Gungnir's spear blade, stopping it in its flight.

Fiery, golden blood, seeped out of the wound on Chloee's hand, as she firmly held the spear at bay. A moment later, she grabbed the handle of the spear and twirled it around in front of her, deflecting the arrows that were falling onto her like rain.

Although Cloee specialized in unarmed combat, her passive ability, Weapon Master [EX], allowed her to effectively wield any kind of weapon she got her hands on.

As the barrage of arrows were thinning out, a powerful voice reached her ear from behind.

"Pierce through the void! Longinus!"

Chloee shifted her body to the side, and a shower of golden fiery blood exploded into the air.  

Longinus had pierced through her left arm, but Chloee continued to deflect the arrows even with the spear sticking out of her shoulder.

She had deemed the arrows to be a higher threat to her compared to the spear that was now struck in her body.  

"Illuminate the world! Rhongomyniad!"  

"Cut through the firmament and raze the world! Arondight!"

Two beams of lights, one white, one black, descended on Chloee from opposite directions.

The wings on her back glowed brightly, as her body was enveloped by a golden shield.  

The two beams hit their mark and exploded in mid-air. It created a mushroom type explosion that momentarily blinded everyone in the battlefield.

When the light receded, a young lady with tattered clothes appeared in everyone's vision. Her clothes were almost non-existent revealing a body riddled with injury. Blood flowed everywhere, and anyone who saw it would definitely feel their heart breaking, due to the violence that was done on such a young girl.

However, although she was currently in a very sorry state, Chloee's eyes were still clear and her lips still held the makings of a smile, despite her current condition.

"Duel-Ex," Chloee said as she pointed her finger at William.

The Half-Elf's body lurched forward, but he was not bothered by it. The power in his hand had reached its peak state. Even if Chloee had the ability Might Over Magic, this attack that contained all the powerful Elements in the world would devastate everything in its path.

"World End… Tempest!" William roared as he thrust his right hand forward.

Chloee pulled back her arm as a powerful aura fluctuated in the air. When all of the power in her body had been gathered in her hand, she unleashed the strongest attack in her arsenal. An attack that was strong enough to smash Drauum to pieces.

"Overwhelming Strike!" Chloee met William's attack with her own.

The moment the two attacks collided with each other. Another powerful explosion rocked the entire Floor of Asgard.

William's clones were blown away and turned into particles of light.  

Chiffon, Celeste, and Claire were pushed back by the powerful shockwaves for several hundred meters before coming to a stop.

As if coming to an understanding, the three of them immediately flew towards the glowing, miniature sun that was currently floating in the place where William and Chloee clashed.  

This was the first great battle that happened on the Floor of Asgard since its conception, and it left a mark in the memories of everyone that was there to witness the battle unfold.

——

Kraetor Empire…

Ashe abruptly woke up from her slumber when she felt a searing pain on the blue gem that was embedded in her chest. She gasped for breath because the pain was too much for her to bear.  

Princess Sidonie, who was sleeping beside her, also woke up. However, it wasn't the Princess that was currently in charge of the body, but her other half, Morgana.

Morgana used her powers to help stabilize Ashe's body as the latter endured the excruciating pain in her body. Several minutes later, the beautiful mermaid collapsed on the bed, completely bereft of any strength.

Morgana was alarmed and immediately took out a pill from her storage ring and force fed it to Ashe, who was currently in a semi-vegetative state.

A few minutes later, the mermaid's finger twitched, before slowly opening her eyes. The current Ashe looked very haggard as if she just fought a hundred battles non-stop.  

"For now, regulate your breathing," Morgana said as she helped Ashe into a sitting position. "Don't worry, I'm here. It will be alright."

Ashe weakly leaned her back on Morgana's body, and the latter held her firmly in an embrace. After several minutes, the mermaid's breathing had returned to normal, but she was still feeling very weak.  

"What happened?" Princess Sidonie had swapped with Morgana and held Ashe in her place. "Did something happen to Will?"

"Yes," Ashe replied with difficulty. "I don't know the specifics, but it seems that he fought an intense battle, while pushing himself to the limit. However, you don't need to worry. He is fine."

Because Ashe gave half of her heart to William, she was able to feel his strong emotions, as well as the overflowing influx of power that came from her lover.

When William activated the Heroes of Valhalla, and unleashed the full powered World End Tempest, the excess energy traveled through time and space to reach Ashe, who was sleeping peacefully in the Kraetor Empire.

Princess Sidonie frowned as she pieced the clues together. Suddenly a realization came to her mind.

"Will is currently staying on the Floor of Asgard," Princess Sidonie said. "If I remember correctly, no one should be able to enter that floor. If what you said is true, doesn't it mean that Will just fought with someone, and this person is very strong? For him to use all of his powers, and make you feel its effects just proves that this battle wasn't a simple one."

Ashe nodded because she didn't realize this fact right away. Although they weren't able to meet William in the Thousand Beast Domain, they were still able to communicate just fine.

William had told her about his current circumstance, so both girls knew that he couldn't leave the tower, and had to stay in the Floor of Asgard for an entire month. Not only that, he said that no one could enter the floor during this period of time.

If that was the case then who was it that their lover had fought?

"Let's go to the Thousand Beast Domain," Princess Sidonie stated. "Let's get our answers from there. I'm sure that one of Will's people will know the answers to our questions."

Ashe nodded her head.

A few seconds later, both girls disappeared from the room, and teleported to the Thousand Beast Domain.. There they would discover that a certain Elven Beauty had wandered to William's Floor of Asgard, which made them shake their heads helplessly.







Chapter 657

"Another one?" Ashe inquired.

B1 nodded his head in confirmation. "Another one."

"Her name?" Princess Sidonie asked.

B2 pruned his feathers before answering. "Celeste."

The two beautiful ladies glanced at each other. Although they hadn't seen her before, they were quite familiar with the name, Celeste.  

William had told them a bit about his Master's twin sister, who was a well-known prodigy in the Silvermoon Continent. The only thing that confused the two ladies was how Celeste managed to appear on the Floor of Asgard when it was still closed to the public.

"Is she beautiful?" Princess Sidonie asked. She still hadn't seen Celine, but according to Ashe, she was quite a beautiful woman, and quite possibly William's first crush.  

Even so, Princess Sidonie prided herself of her beauty. She believed that no matter how beautiful Celeste was, she was still more beautiful than her.  

"Very beautiful," B1 answered.  

"Who is more beautiful, me or her?" Princess Sidonie inquired with a serious expression on her face.

B1 and B2 glanced at each other before looking at Sidonie with an expression that matched her seriousness. For them, all of William's lovers were beautiful, but of course, the two dumb birds were biased, so they answered Princess Sidonie's inquiry with what they felt was right.

"Chiffon is more beautiful than her," B1 replied.  

B2 nodded in agreement. "That's right. Our Chiffon is the most beautiful of all."

The corner of Princess Sidonie's lips twitched as she looked at the two dumb birds who had returned to grooming their feathers.  

I didn't ask you if Chiffon was more beautiful than her, okay? Why aren't you giving me a straight answer?

Ashe who was looking at the side covered her lips and giggled. She had now recovered from her weakened state after drinking a recovery potion that William had left for her. The beautiful mermaid found Princess Sidonie's question very endearing.

However, she understood her concern. Celine was truly beautiful. If her twin was a perfect replica of her then there was a chance that William would also think of her as someone very attractive.

She already knew that William wasn't someone that was easily attracted to beauty. But, if that beauty looked exactly like someone that you love, it was impossible to not feel anything. This was especially true for someone like William who cared too much about his lovers, and the important people in his life.

Princess Sidonie kept pressing the two dumb birds for answers, but she wasn't satisfied with their replies. It was quite unfortunate that William couldn't drag them to the Floor of Asgard because of certain restrictions that were in place.

After getting a general understanding of what happened, they returned to the Kraetor Empire to look after another problem child, who was still in deep sleep.

Kenneth was still asleep, and hadn't woken up since his last battle with Lilith. The silver-haired Elf was currently sleeping in Princess Sidonie's guest room because she was afraid that others would take him away if he was left somewhere.

The Amazon delegation had all returned to the Ares Empire with one exception, and that was Lilith.  

Princess Sidonie and Ashe had a feeling that she remained in order to meet William when he returned from the Tower of Babylon. Of course, the Amazon Empress had already sent an elite team to go to the Tower to make contact with William.

Unfortunately, the Floor of Asgard wouldn't be open to anyone until a year had passed. The delegation from various forces in the lands had gathered in the City of Babylon to wait for William to make his appearance.

They were there to do everything in their power to negotiate with William, and see if they could strike a deal for the ownership of some of the floors that were currently under his name. All the floors in the Tower of Babylon held various lands and resources that would make any empire, kingdom, or clans, rub their hands in greed.

The temptation was too much to resist, and some of them were not afraid to use any means to get the result that their sovereigns had ordered them to get.

A few hours later, Lilith appeared in Princess Sidonie's room to have a chat with her and Ian. This had become part of her regular routine, which irritated Princess Sidonie.  

The beautiful princess didn't bother to hide her annoyance and showed it openly to one of her "sisters" who bore a similar sin to hers.  

"Why are you so hostile?" Lilith inquired as she arched her brow. "It's not as if I'm going to steal your man. I have standards, you know?"

"My man is not good enough for you, so scram," Princess Sidonie replied with a glare.  

"Tsk! tsk! Tsk!" Lilith wagged her finger at the beautiful Princess, who was so close to slapping her with her feathered fan.  

"It is not up to you to decide whether your man is good enough or not," Lilith replied as she crossed her arms over her chest. "I will be the judge of that. Believe me, I'm a very good judge when it comes to good men."

Ian eyed the champion of the tournament from behind Princess Sidonie. Since William was away, Ian had become one of the retainers under Princess Sidonie's employ.  

In the past, this kind of set-up might have been frowned upon by the Royal Family. However, after William's outstanding achievement was announced to the world, Emperor Leonidas had a change of heart and allowed William's follower to work under his granddaughter.  

This was the "what belongs to you, also belongs to me" mentality, and Emperor Leonidas was similar to James in this regard. If a profit could be made, he would gladly compromise to make both parties happy.  

For some reason, Ian didn't find Lilith repulsive in the slightest. She had been around Princess Sidonie, Morgana, and Chiffon, who all bore the Divinity of the Seven Deadly Sins, and the mermaid had developed a certain level of curiosity, towards these ladies who had been marked by the Gods since that day they were born into the world.

In truth, Ian found them pitiful.  

Princess Sidonie would suffer several strong urges of Lust when her divinity was starting to get out of her control. William and her had to be by the Princess' side in order to control the power that was close to a breaking point.

Chiffon was another pitiful girl, whom Ian had a soft spot for. Unlike Princess Sidonie who had a strong and bold personality, the pink-haired girl was like a little angel who would quietly eat in the corner of the room, in order to not get in anyone's way.

Deep inside, she was very happy that Chiffon had married William. Ian knew that her lover would care for his young bride, and ensure that she would never go hungry again.

If not for the fact that she had also married William back in the Southern Continent, along with Wendy, she might have thrown a tantrum like Princess Sidonie did, after she learned that the little girl had married William before her.

'Will, I hope that you don't develop the hobby of collecting the sinful ladies of this world,' Ashe mused. 'One of them might bring about your downfall.'

Ian didn't know why, but she had a feeling that there was a possibility that those who would share her lover, would all be members of the Seven Deadly Sins.  

If that was the case then the future would definitely be filled with uncertainty because each and everyone of them was a bomb… that was waiting to explode at a moment's notice.  







Chapter 658

"Now, let's talk about Familiars."

Inside the conference room of Asgard, Chloee stood on top of the table with a smile on her face.

William was seated in front of her and listened to her speech. On his right side, a pink-haired girl's head rested on his chest with her eyes closed.  

She had decided to stick beside William and learn a little bit about this unique profession.  

Chloee was in a very good mood, so she didn't mind that William brought an extra to her class. Although she would teach at the academy as a substitute to Celeste from time to time, this was not her forte.

Claire was the one who was more proficient in teaching, but since the latter didn't want to feel attached to William, the duty of teaching him fell on Chloee's shoulder.

"Familiars are different from Beast Companions," Chloee explained. "When you plan to have a Beast Companion, all you need to do is form an agreement, a pact, or a contract with them. Of course, you can also force them to submission by beating them up!"

As if to make her point, the little Familiar raised her little fist and shook it in the air. She was someone that liked to beat up things, so she would always promote violence over a peaceful negotiation.

"However, Familiars are different," Chloee continued her explanation. "There are two kinds of Familiars. Those that you can summon from the world, or different planes, and the ones that you give life using a part of your existence.

"I will explain more about this in a while. Frankly, it is too troublesome to do this, but since you are now my Disciple, I will make sure that you understand how summoning a Familiar works!"

William gave his 6th Master a brief nod to tell her that he was paying attention to her.

"Claire, if you please," Chloee called out to her twin sister who was seated not far from her.

Claire nodded her head and green flames erupted from her fingertips. The flames formed into words and hovered above Chloee's head like the writings seen on a whiteboard.

"The two types of Familiars have their advantages and disadvantages," Chloee stated. "Those that you can summon from planes of existence vary in power. Some are incredibly weak, while some are incredibly strong. These Familiars would bind themselves to you with an agreement or contract.

"Some will ask for a few years of your life, while some would require you to do things… like killing all the citizens of a city in a day. The stronger the Familiar, the stronger its requirements."

Chloee paused to let William digest the meaning of her words. The little Familiar then glanced at Celeste who was seated at the corner of the conference room. As Chloee's owner, she was there to support Chloee as she taught her very first Disciple.  

Although the current arrangement was a bit complicated, Celeste didn't mind as long as William received proper education about the path of a Familiamancer.

Celeste smiled and nodded her head at Chloee to tell her that she was doing well with her explanation.

After getting her Master's encouragement, Chloee resumed her lesson.

"The second type is purely creation," Chloee said. "The power of the Familiar depends on the kind of ritual you choose. In this ritual, you can choose to summon a Familiar using an artifact, your blood, or your soul. Claire, I can't explain this part well. Take over for me!"

A groan answered Chloee's statement. Clearly, Claire wasn't in the mood to explain things. However, before she could reject, her twin had already grabbed onto her and dragged her onto the top of the table.

Claire sighed before looking at Chloee with a disgruntled face. The latter only smiled and encouraged her twin sister to take charge of the troublesome explanation.

"Like my sister mentioned, there are two types of Familiars," Claire said lazily. "My sister and I are born through creation.  

"If you choose to summon a familiar using this method, the Familiar will forever be loyal to you. Although those that are summoned from other Planes of Existence could do the same, some of them may leave you if they feel that their lives are threatened. This is the difference between a summoned Familiar and a Familiar born from creation.

"If I were you, I'd just choose the Creation method so we can all go home and call it a day," Claire stated, completely devoid of motivation.

William's liver itched due to Claire's complete lack of interest in teaching him things about Familiars. Although Chloee was quite troublesome, her approach to teaching  was a hundred times better than Claire's.

"Claire, explain this properly, or else he might just randomly summon a Familiar without fully understanding their difference."

"It's too troublesome. Just let him summon one so we can go back to the Academy. I missed reading books in the library."

"Okay! If you don't teach him properly, I will wreck the library when we return to the academy!"

Claire blinked once then twice while looking at her twin who had a big smile on her face. Chloee was not someone who made threats lightly. Whenever she declared something, she would do it without fail, which made Claire feel annoyed.

"… How many times do I need to tell you that violence is not the answer?" Claire stared daggers at William.

The corner of the Half-Elf's lips twitched when he received Claire's hostile glare.

Um? It was your sister that said that she would destroy your academy's library. Why are you looking at me like that?

William always had a good impression of Claire because of her calming effect. However, right now, the small Familiar was not in the mood to cooperate and explain. For some reason, after his battle with Chloee, William felt that Claire had become a little hostile to him.

What he didn't know was that his hunch was spot on. As Chloee's twin sister, she got angry at William after seeing Chloee's severely injured state at the end of their battle. Of course, Claire knew that getting hurt was only natural in a duel, but she was the type that got mad at those that hurt Chloee and Celeste.

Although she, herself, understood that what she was doing was childish, there was nothing she could do about it. If William's family and lovers were his reverse scale, then Chloee and Celeste were Claire's.  

After a sigh, she faced William and decided to explain properly.  

"… I'll only say this once so listen up." Claire finally compromised. "Familiamancers and their Familiars grow hand in hand. Like I said earlier, Creating a Familiar is much better than summoning one.  

"Since I don't want to bother explaining the summoning method, I'll teach you the creation method. There are three types of creation methods. The first method is called the Micah Class."

Claire waved her hand and green flames hovered above her head forming rows of words that gave the information about the Micah Class.

—–

< Micah Class – A miracle was born >

Summons a Familiar using an emblem, artifact, or an item, obtained from a dungeon, temple, kingdom, holy lands, and other places that have a high concentration of magic.

The shape, size, form, race, age, gender, and other characteristics of the Familiar are completely random.

Familiars can be commanded to do your bidding, but they are intelligent creatures and can think for themselves.

—–

"As you can see, this method is the easiest way because all you need is a catalyst," Claire stated. "Once the creation is completed, the catalyst will be destroyed. If you have the horns of a dragon, or any parts of legendary beasts, there is a 10% chance that you will be able to create the same creature using this method.

"Take note that you can only summon a Familiar once. If ever you want to summon a different Familiar, the Familiar you summoned first using this method will cease to exist…"

Claire's tone suddenly became very serious. For her, summoning another Familiar just because you didn't like what you got was akin to murder.

William somewhat understood what Claire was trying to say, so he nodded his head, and waited for her to continue her explanation.

Claire eyed him for a few seconds before resuming her explanation.  

The words above her head changed, and she introduced the second way to create a Familiar.  

—–

< Argonaut Class – Heroes are Made, Not Born >

This method summons a Familiar using the Master's bloodline.

The shape, size, form, race, age, gender, and other characteristics of the Familiar are completely random.

Familiars can be commanded to do your bidding, but they are intelligent creatures and can think for themselves.

—–

"This is almost the same as the Micah Class, but instead of a catalyst, you will use your blood to summon your Familiar." Claire smiled. "This method is ideal if you have a unique ability that is exclusive in your bloodline.  

"The Influential Families in this world have powerful bloodlines that have allowed them to become local warlords in their own territories. If your family belongs to this category, choosing this is quite ideal."

Claire once again waved her hand and the words above her head rearranged themselves for the last time.

—–

< Lazarus Class – God Has Helped >

Summons a Familiar using the Master's bloodline and a piece of their soul.

The shape, size, form, race, age, gender, and other characteristics of the Familiar are completely random.

Familiars can be commanded to do your bidding, but they are intelligent creatures and can think for themselves.

—–

"The last class is the Lazarus Class," Claire pointed a finger to her chest, before shifting it to her sister, Chloee. "Chloee and I were born using this method. This requires you to use your blood, and a piece of your soul to give birth to a Familiar."

"Take note that if you use this method, the piece of your soul that you used to summon a Familiar will never again return to you. Also, don't use Chloee and I as standards. We are Familiars born from the Progenitor of this Profession. Naturally, we are stronger than the average Familiar."

"Summoning a Familiar also requires luck. Regardless of what method you use, the result may not be as you expected. A Familiar summoned using the Lazarus Method might be weaker than a Micah Class summon. So, don't complain to us if the Familiar you summon turns out to be weak."

Claire didn't wait for William's reply and left the room by flying through the window. She had already done her part, and hurriedly left before her sister could drag her back to do something else.  

Right now, she didn't want to be around William because she was afraid.

Afraid that she might not be able to control her emotions, and burn the handsome Half-Elf, until only his ashes remained.







Chapter 659

William looked at the countless stars in the sky. These were the stars that could be seen in the world of Asgard. A world that had now ceased to exist.  

He was currently lying in the grasslands of Asgard and deep in thought. After their morning lesson ended, Chloee had given him some time to think about what kind of method he would use to summon a familiar of his own.

He had already consulted Optimus about the best choice available to them, but even his dependable System was unsure about what course to take. Some Magicians in the world of Hestia had their own Familiars as well.  

However, an exclusive profession meant to boost the power of these Familiars was something that no one had heard before. After fighting Chloee, William tasted first hand how formidable these beings were.

If he were to have his own Familiar, wouldn't that drastically raise his battle prowess as well?

As William pondered about these things, a soft rustling sound was heard beside him.

Without saying anything, Chiffon laid down on the grass beside William and held his hand. She, too, looked at the vast starry sky that shone on them from the heavens.  

This was not the first time that Chiffon had seen the stars in the sky. But, being around William made this already amazing sight extra special.

The Half-Elf gently squeezed his wife's hand before turning halfway to kiss her cheeks. Chiffon returned William's kiss and they stared at each other with gazes filled with tenderness and love.

The two were about to kiss again, when a little, golden, piglet appeared between their faces and planted its snout on William's lips.

Chiffon's eyes widened in shock, but this only lasted for a moment. Soon, a giggle escaped her lips because Bacon kept on kissing William, and the latter didn't know whether he should shove the piglet away, or fry him in a frying pan.

After a few healthy giggles, Chiffon grabbed bacon and held it to her chest. William summoned a handkerchief from his storage ring and wiped his lips in a meticulous manner.

"Bacon, the next time you do that, I will cook you," William threatened.

"Oink?"

The little piglet looked at Wiliam with innocent eyes. Chiffon wasn't able to hold back another giggle at the funny exchange between her little pet and her husband, who was poking Bacon's snout with his finger.

Chiffon pulled the golden piglet away from William, and gently patted its head. Bacon closed its eyes because being petted made it feel good.

"Have you decided?" Chiffon asked.

William shook his head and sighed. "I'll sleep on it tonight. I'll make my decision tomorrow."

Chiffon nodded her head in understanding. She once again gazed at the heavens, and looked up at the stars in the sky. The stars on the Floor of Asgard were very different from the stars outside the Tower of Babylon.

They looked familiar, yet unfamiliar, to the pink-haired girl, whose heart was filled with love and happiness.  

William didn't hide anything and told Chiffon that both of them had been lovers in the past. Although a Giantess and a Human falling in love sounded absurd, the pink-haired girl readily believed William's story.

She hadn't regained her memories about her past life, but her dreams allowed her to see the silver-haired Einherjar, and the great battle that took place, in a world that looked very similar to the Floor of Asgard.

William also took the form of that person, and her instinct told her that they were one and the same.  

For Chiffon, she didn't care about the past because it had already happened. What mattered to her was the present.  

And right now, she was very happy because she had found the one that would love her and not toss her away, like her father did to her mother.

The two stayed in the grassland for one more hour, before returning to their quarters to rest.

William tossed Bacon to the Thousand Beast Domain to prevent it from getting in the way of his intimate time with his wife. He already knew that Chiffon wanted to keep him for as long as she could while they were still trapped inside the Tower of Babylon, and he was more than happy to oblige his wife's request.

—–

The next morning, everyone gathered at the training ground to prepare for Wiliam's summoning ceremony.  

He had already decided on what method he was going to use, and prayed that he wouldn't be disappointed with the choice he made.

Chloee hovered in front of William with her arms crossed over her chest.

"Are you sure?" Chloee asked. "Once we do this, there is no turning back. I will ask you one last time, are you serious about using this method?"

William nodded his head. "Yes. I thought about it and decided that I will choose this method."

Chloee nodded her head. She was the type that didn't want to complicate things. Since her Disciple had already chosen this path, she would just guide him until he had mastered how to become a full-fledged Familiamancer.

William walked towards Celeste who was wearing a ceremonial garb. Unlike Celine who chose clothes that wrapped her entire body, Celeste's attire was quite revealing.

The Half-Elf was finding it hard not to stare, because the twin sisters had the same body type. The memories of when he had his way with Celine's beautiful body flashed inside his mind.  

In a last attempt to regain his composure, he avoided looking at those revealing curves that were making him remember fond memories of when he tumbled in the sheets with Celine.

Celeste was unaware of William's thoughts and held a golden goblet in her hands. William had chosen the last method, to summon a Familiar of the Lazarus Class.

Using this method, he would offer his blood, and a piece of his soul, in order to create a Familiar that would be with him for the rest of his life.

A ceremonial dagger floated in the air, and its razor sharp teeth were pointed at William's chest. William had already taken off his upper clothes, and nodded to Celeste, telling her that he was ready.

"Blood that flows within the body, give us your warmth in our time of need," Celeste said and the dagger stabbed William's chest, before disappearing completely.  

A fountain of blood sprayed out, and yet, this blood didn't fall to the ground. It flowed like a small river and headed towards the golden goblet in Celeste's hand. After the golden goblet was half full, the wound on William's chest disappeared.

"Beauty attracts the heart, but character attracts the soul," Celeste waved her hand and William felt his inner world tremble.  

Suddenly, a searing pain erupted within his being, which made him scream out loud.  

It had been a while since he had felt this kind of pain. This was the pain he had felt when he had fought inside his Spiritual Domain against the Astral Worm who wanted to devour his soul.

It was at this moment when the two orbs of light and darkness that had remained dormant inside William's consciousness finally woke up. They were the two Dungeon Cores that he had saved long ago, and had been sleeping inside his body for a long period of time.

Right now, they were incomplete, but Celeste's ceremony had woken them from their slumber. Originally, only a piece of William's soul was needed, but when the two Dungeon Cores appeared, the tear on William's soul widened, until half of his soul was split from his body.

That Half of William's soul was divided into two once again, and the two Dungeon Cores merged with them.

Soon, two glowing orbs of light. One light, the other black, shot out from the gem in William's chest, and flew towards the golden goblet filled with his blood.

William collapsed on the ground because of the pain he was suffering.  

Chiffon hurriedly ran to his side and made him drink a rejuvenation potion. William's pain decreased to a level that he could endure, which made him breathe a sigh of relief.

He then stared at the golden goblet that was shining with great intensity.  

Celeste grit her teeth as she focused all of her power to stabilize the rampaging powers within the goblet.  

Chloee and Claire positioned themselves beside Celeste and allowed their power to flow to their host, which decreased her burden by a good margin.

After five-full minutes that felt like eternity, a powerful beam of light erupted from the golden goblet and shot towards the heavens.  

Everyone waited with bated breath to check whether the summoning was successful.  

It was also at that moment when particles of golden light fell from the heavens. When these golden particles fell on William's body, he felt the pain in his soul slowly fading away.

As William looked up at the sky, he noticed two small dots that were slowly descending towards his location.  

Celeste had also noticed this as well, but all she could see was one white orb, and one black orb.

It didn't take long before the two orbs hovered a meter away from William's face. They didn't move from their position and stayed in a stationary state. After a minute of staring at each other, the two orbs glowed before dissipating into particles of light.

"The air smells so fresh," one of the Familiars, who looked exactly like William, said with a smile. "This is a good day to be born in this world."

The one who spoke was wearing a white outfit, and a pair of angelic wings flapped softly behind its back. On top of its head, a golden halo could be seen, which reminded William of angels in his past life.

"Kekeke! Indeed, today is a good day to be born," another creature, who looked exactly like William, commented.

The creature had two horns on its head, a devil's tail, and batlike wings behind its back. Both of them stared at William with an angelic and devilish smile on their faces.

They were William's two Familiars that were born from his blood and soul, and, right now, they were looking at their Master with great expectations. With just a glance, the Half-Elf could tell that these were no ordinary Familiars.  

Celeste who was looking at the two newly born familiar couldn't believe what she was seeing. She didn't expect that William would be able to summon not one, but two familiars at the same time.  

This was something that was exclusive to the Progenitor of the Familiamancer Class. Even she couldn't determine whether this was a good or bad thing.  

She only hoped that when these two Familiars reached their full potential, they would not use their powers to bring the world to ruin.







Chapter 660

The two Familiars grinned at William.

One an angel, the other, a devil.

The Angel Familiar had short blonde hair and green eyes. The Devil Familiar, on the other hand, had short black hair, and green eyes. They looked exactly like William, just like how Chloee and Claire looked exactly like Celeste.

Of course, there were minor differences such as hairstyles, but their identical eye colors, and faces couldn't be denied.  

"Allow me to introduce myself," the Angel said with an angelic smile. "My name is… Oh! I forgot. I still don't have a name!"

The angel pressed its palm on its forehead and looked at the heavens.

"To think that someone as handsome and dashing as me has no name, this is the greatest sin that can be committed in this world," The angel said with such elegance, charisma, and exaggeration that William's liver was starting to itch.

Yep, the Familiar did indeed belong to him.

"My Dear Comrade," the Devil landed on William's shoulder and crossed his arms over his chest. "Come up with a good name for us. I want something that is domineering."

The corner of William's lips twitched as he looked at the smug-faced devil on his shoulder. Clearly, he didn't expect his Familiars to be this shameless!

"A name…," William thought as he looked at the Angel who had started flirting with his Sixth Master, Chloee.

"You are the most beautiful Familiar that I have seen in my lifetime," the Angel said as he kissed the back of Chloee's hand. "May I know your name, Miss Beautiful?"

Chloee didn't know how to react because this was the first time that someone called her beautiful. Also, the Familiar's angelic smile made Celeste's Familiar, who liked to beat people into a pulp, blush until her entire face turned beet red.

"A-Am I really beautiful?" Chloee stuttered.

The Angel held Chloee's hand firmly, and placed it on his chest. "Truly beautiful. You look like the sun that shines brightly in the sky, the stars that guide people during the night, and the moon that watches over the lonely people in the world. In fact, I think the word beautiful is made so that the mortals of this world would have a means to describe your amazing grace."

William, and the Devil clicked their tongues at the same time. Not only that, they also voiced their thoughts out loud at the same time.

""What a player.""

The perfect synchronicity made Chiffon, who was standing beside William, giggle. Clearly, she found William's two Familiars quite interesting.

While the Angel was busy flirting with Chloee, her twin, Claire was looking at the Devil who was currently seated on William's shoulder.

The Devil noticed her gaze and felt unnerved. He then flew behind William's head and peeked at the green-haired Familiar.  

Right now, Claire was looking at the Devil as if she wanted to dissect him and see what makes him tick!

William didn't notice these changes because he was busy thinking of names for these two Familiars.

"Okay, both of you come here," William ordered.  

The Angel winked at Chloee one last time before flying towards William. The Devil that was hiding behind his head flew in front of him, and hovered beside the Angel who was its twin.

William gazed at the angel who was giving him a confident look. For some reason, William could tell that this Familiar of his would bring him a lot of trouble in the future.

"Your name will be Elliot," William said to the Angel.

The Angel crossed his arms over his chest and closed his eyes. It was as if he was pondering whether the name given to him matched his angelic image.

"You chose a suitable name for me," Elliot gave William's a thumbs up. "I like!"

< DIng! >

< You bestowed a name on your Familiar!>

< Familiar Information now loading! >

Immediately several rows of words appeared on William's Status Page.  

—-

Name: Elliot

Race: Familiar

Health Points: 200 / 200

Mana: 1,500 / 1,500

< Strength: 10

< Agility: 10 >

< Vitality: 10 >

< Intelligence: 50 >

< Dexterity: 10 >

Skills:  

Lightning Bolt

Overflowing Charisma (Passive)

Pokerface (Passive)

Titles:

Lightning Adept

Natural Playboy

Wingman

—–

< Lightning Bolt >

– Fires bolts of lightning from your fingertips.

– Damage dealt is equivalent to Intelligence x 2

– Has a small chance to stun and paralyze enemies.

< Overflowing Charisma >

– Has a very high charisma and allows the Familiar to get along with everyone.

< Pokerface >

– Able to hide the Familiar's true feelings with an angelic smile.

—–

< Lightning Adept >

– The Familiar is able to use the power of Lightning to smite his enemies.

– All lightning attacks deal 20% more damage.

< Naturally Playboy >

– With good looks and overflowing Charisma, the Familiar has a very high percentage in getting along with the ladies. Has a moderate chance that the Familiar will be able to get under their skirts as well.

< Wingman >

– When partnered with another Familiar, all stats and the effects of abilities increases by 50%

——

William massaged his temple because his worries had finally come to life. In the beginning he was only thinking that it was a coincidence, but after seeing Elliot's stats, he now fully understood that this Familiar was definitely a skirt chaser!

'Goddammit!' William cursed silently. 'You better behave yourself and not get yourself into trouble!'

It was at that moment when Elliot chuckled and smirked at him.

'Don't worry, Will. I will use protection,' Eliott replied through telepathy. 'You can count on me!'

Williams almost choked on his saliva because he didn't expect that Elliot was able to read his thoughts. Before he could give a reply, another person joined their conversation.

'Hello, hello, mic test,' the Devil Familiar said. 'How about me? What about my name?'

William gave Elliot the "You and I will need to have a long talk later" before shifting his attention to the Devil Familiar who was looking back at him with great expectations. Clearly, it was also very excited to receive its name from William.

"Your name will be Conan," William answered. "The name means Little Wolf."

"Little Wolf?" the Devil rubbed its chin before nodding its head. "I like this name. Very well, from now on, I am Conan."

< DIng! >

< You bestowed a name on your Familiar!>

< Familiar Information now loading! >

William received another batch of notifications, which held Conan's information.

—–

Name: Conan

Race: Familiar

Health Points: 2,500 / 2,500

Mana: 300 / 300

< Strength: 10

< Agility: 10 >

< Vitality: 50 >

< Intelligence: 10 >

< Dexterity: 10 >

Ability:  

Iron Wall

Rotating Elemental Shields

Title:

Fortress Disciple

Calculus

Wingman

< Iron Wall >

– Summons an Iron Wall to serve as a defensive structure.

– The Iron Wall will be able to absorb damage equivalent to the Familiar's maximum Health Points. The higher the Familiar's health, the more durable the wall is.

– The Iron Wall will break once the damage surpasses its limit.  

< Rotating Elemental Shields >

– Creates three shields that revolve around the target.

– The Rotating Elemental Shields will be able to absorb damage equivalent to the Familiar's maximum Health Points. The higher the Familiar's health, the more damage the shields can absorb.

– The Rotating Elemental Shields will break once the damage surpasses its limit.  

—–

< Fortress Disciple >

– Increase all Defensive Abilities by 20%

< Calculus >

– Very good in calculation. This ability also works during battle.

< Wingman >

– When partnered with another Familiar, all stats and the effects of abilities increases by 50%

—–

William sighed in relief because Conan's information wasn't as exaggerated as Elliot's. After looking at his information, the Half-Elf realized that the two Familiars complimented each other really well.

One was made for offense, the other for defense. Right now, the two Familiars were very weak because William still hadn't upgraded their abilities using the skills of the Familiamancer. Just as he was about to check his new Prestige Class another set of notifications appeared on his Status Page.

—–

< Ding! >

< Congratulations! >

< Unique Prestige Class, Familiamancer has now been unlocked! >

< Familiamancer >

"Life is too short to be living somebody else's dream."

– The Familiamancer Job Class is a new Profession that was recently born in the World of Hestia. Few know its true powers, and the changes it will bring to the world.

You have learned the skill "Summon Familiar".

You have learned the skill "Familiar's Eye View".

You have learned the skill "Familiar's Might".

You have learned the skill "Dance of the Fireflies".

You have learned the skill "Battle Tactics EX".

You have learned the skill "Detect Invisibility EX"

You have learned the skill "Spell Resistance EX".

You have learned the skill "Soul Fusion".

You have learned the skill "Tactician".

You have acquired the title "Teamwork is Dreamwork".

< Ding! >

< Congratulations! Host's Second Subclass has successfully been unlocked! >

< Familiamancer is permanently locked on the Second Subclass. >

< No other Job Classes may be equipped in the slot of the Second Subclass. >

William's eyes widened in shock because of the last message that he saw on his status page. Originally, he had one Main Class, and one Subclass. Having these two options already gave him plenty of Flexibility.  

Now that a second Subclass had been unlocked, it gave William a new set of powers that he could use, without the need to switch the Familiamancer Job Class with other professions.







Chapter 661

'This is amazing,' William thought. As he looked at the various skills that came along with the Familiamancer Job Class. All of these skills boosted the power of his two Familiars, so he was very keen on upgrading all of them by using the Beastcores in his possession.

< There's something that I need to tell you, Will. >

'Yes?'

< Perhaps you didn't notice, but when you were creating your familiars, the two dungeon cores that had remained dormant inside your body merged with your soul, which gave birth to Elliot and Conan. >

'What?!'  

William was genuinely shocked by the information that the System had shared with him. Due to the pain that he suffered after half of his soul was torn off from his body, he didn't notice that the two Dungeon Cores that he had saved long ago had now been reborn as his Familiars.

< Will, how are you feeling right now? Do you still feel any pain? >

'Of course I still feel pa– wait.' William closed his eyes and expanded his senses to every part of his body. Earlier, he was in such intense pain that he felt like dying. Now, that painful sensation had completely disappeared as if it had never happened.

< I see. Now I understand why the second subclass has been unlocked. Basically, since you lost half of your soul, you should feel very unstable right now. However, that is not the case. It seems that the CPU Core has decided to add this new feature, to compensate for the loss you received.  

As long as Elliot and Conan are with you, the imbalance in your Sea of Consciousness will maintain its stability.

'Are there any side-effects of having half of my soul taken from me?' William inquired.

< I already ran a diagnostic scan on your Physical and Spiritual Body. So far, I don't see any problems. But, I will continue to monitor your Spiritual World just in case there is a side-effect that we are not aware of.  

For now, you should ask Celeste for more information about your condition. If I'm not mistaken, she also used her soul to give birth to Chloee and Claire. >

William nodded his head in understanding. Soul injuries were a serious business. He knew because he had personally faced this problem a few years ago. He thought that there was no problem sacrificing a part of his soul to create his Familiars, because it was one of the methods that was available to him.

"So, your name is Chloee, such a beautiful name indeed," Elliot's flowery words reached William's ears. "Why don't the two of us take a stroll and see… what you and I have in common."

"T-This. I-I still need to teach my Disciple about being a Familiamancer," Chloee stuttered. Elliot's persistent, yet charming attacks were slowly corroding her defenses. She wasn't used to being approached by others and talked to in this manner.

Usually, everyone that met her either ran away, or collapsed on the floor in tears. Because of this, she wasn't sure how to react to Elliot's advances, and the latter's angelic smile was making her feel weird.

Conan, on the other hand, was standing stiffly as Claire circled his body with a serious expression. Chloee's twin would sometimes touch, and pat Conan's body as if she was taking notes of an endangered animal.

"Y-You, why are you being so touchy?" Conan shuddered as Claire caressed his stomach. "Don't you know about giving others personal space? Why are you touching me without my permission?"

"Shut up and don't move," Claire ordered. "I'm busy taking mental notes. Move and I'll burn you alive."

"H-Hiiiie!" Conan's body shuddered, but he didn't dare to move away. For some reason, Claire was able to suppress him to a degree where he couldn't resist. He then turned to his Master and decided to use his Trump Card. "W-Will, help me!"

William massaged his face with his hands as he looked at the pitiful little Devil who was under Claire's complete mercy.  

'Bruh, you're making us look bad,' William said through telepathy. 'Go grit your teeth and show her who's boss! Aren't you a man? Why are you letting yourself get henpecked?'

'T-That's right! Why am I letting myself get bullied? I am the great Conan! I don't bow down to anyone!"

'That's the spirit! Knock her silly!'

'Okay! I will knock her silly!'

Emboldened by William's words, Conan grabbed Claire's hand who was busy caressing his face.

"You, who do you think you're touching?" Conan asked with a glare. "I am the mighty Conan. Do you think that I am so easy to bully?"

Claire looked at the hand that was holding her own in place before looking at Conan who was glaring at her.  

Suddenly, a resounding crack was heard followed by a scream.

Claire had gripped Conan's hand tightly until the bones in his hand broke.  

"W-Why are you being so barbaric?" Conan asked while tears and snot ran down his face. "Can't we discuss this like proper, civilized familiars?"

Claire smiled sweetly, and yet, her smile made Conan and William shudder uncontrollably.  

"I learned from my sister that violence solves most problems," Claire replied. "It seems that she is right. Sometimes, we have to hurt people in order to ensure that they don't get out of line."

Her hand glowed and the injury that Conan received was healed completely.

"Are you going to stay still and let me examine you, or are we going to do this the hard way?"

"Ma'am, please do whatever you like. I will not resist."

"Good. I like good boys," Claire said as she caressed the side of Conan's face. "I'll treat you to a meal later."

William covered his face with his hand as he averted his gaze. His Familiar that specialized in defense was now acting like a henpecked husband, unable to defy the orders of his wife.

The Half-Elf then glanced at Elliot who was currently having a lively conversation with Chloee. William's SIxth Master's face was still as red as an apple. Clearly, the Playboy Familiar was on his A-Game and managed to subdue the monstrous little girl that had defeated William even after using all of his powers.

William then glanced at Celeste and the latter nodded her head. The two of them left the scene, and allowed their familiars to interact with each other.  

Chiffon followed William while carrying Bacon in her hands. She was still not comfortable letting one of the Seven Virtues talk with her husband alone. Although Celeste wasn't being hostile to them, her natural instinct prevented her from trusting the beautiful Elf completely.

——

"Half of your soul was taken away from you?" Celeste frowned after hearing William's explanation.  

William nodded his head. "Yes."

"This is strange. It shouldn't have taken that much to create your Familiars." Celeste shook her head. "I had to pay that kind of price because I am the Progenitor of this Profession. However, for you to do the same is unnatural. Did you feel or see anything strange while you were in the midst of creating your Familiar?"

William didn't know how to answer Celeste's question. He hid the fact that there were two dungeon core spirits that were resting in his body. He thought that if he divulged this information, the beautiful Elf would press him for answers, and he was not comfortable answering these kinds of questions.

Especially from someone that he had just met for a day, even if she was the twin sister of his Master, Celine.

< Will, I think it will be best if you spill the beans. Since she is the progenitor of the Familiamancer Class, she might be able to answer the doubts we have. Perhaps there is a hidden danger that we cannot see at this point in time. It is best to be safe than sorry. >

'You're right.' William sighed. 'I'll trust her just this once.'

After resolving himself, the Half-Elf told Celeste the truth. He didn't tell her how he was able to acquire the spirits of two dungeon cores, because he thought that this was not important.

Celeste listened to William's explanation and made a mental review of what happened during the creation process.

"This is unprecedented," Celeste said after a few minutes of silence. "William, you already know that dungeon cores hold almost infinite energy, right?"

William nodded. "Yes."

Celeste paced around the room with her hands behind her back. "Your soul merged with two dungeon cores spirits that were residing in your body. Right now, it is safe to say that your soul was divided in half in order to accommodate the great powers that they possess.

"Right now, both of your familiars are still in the Infancy Stage. Meaning, they still couldn't bring out their full potential. However, as you advance the power of this Job Class, you will understand what they are capable of."

Celeste paused and stared at William with a serious expression.

"If my calculation is right, your Familiars will be just as strong as mine when they reach their full potential," Celeste stated. "Meaning, Elliot and Connan will have the strength of Progenitors, which means that you will also become a Progenitor."

Celeste walked towards William and placed her hand on his shoulder.  

"I thought that I would be the only one that could bestow this class to other people, but it seems that is not the case," Celeste said. "Do your best, William. Let us spread the profession of Familiamancers together!  

"Ah! But before that happens, you need to reach the highest rank of Familiamancer, which is called the Familiar Sovereign. I look forward to what you can do in the future!"

A refreshing smile appeared on Celeste's face which made William's heart race.  

'She really looks like Master, especially when she smiles,' William thought as he did his best to control his beating heart.  

Although he didn't fully understand how he was able to become a Progenitor of the Familiamancer Class, he had previous experience with bestowing Job Classes to his subordinates.

Back then, he had given the members of the Angorian War Sovereign, Cavalier Classes, with the help of his spear, Rhongomyniad. For William, reaching the highest rank of the Familiamancer Class was not a problem.

As long as he was willing to use all of the Best Cores in his possession, or grind in the Dungeon of Atlantis for experience, he believed that it was only a matter of time before Elliot and Conan reached the same heights as Chloee and Claire.

When that happened, William would truly be equal to the Powerhouses of the World, but until then, he would explore the full potential of this Job Class that he had acquired through touching the Divine Artifact, Enuma Elish.

From on top of the Tower of Babylon, an old man looked at William and Celeste with a smile on his face. He himself didn't expect that William would be able to summon two Lazarus Class Familiars with so much potential.

'We need all the help that we can get,' the old man thought.  

He then looked in the distance.

His gaze landed on a beautiful world that was similar to Earth.  

On its surface, flames were starting to spread across the land.  

A great battle was being waged, but the old man was sure that the ending had already been set in stone. The end had already come for that beautiful world, and only a miracle could save it from destruction.

Inside the Temple of the Gods…

In the place of the Cycle of Reincarnation…

A red portal glowed brightly. However, if one were to look closely, several cracks had started to appear on its surface. This portal led to the world that the old man saw.

It was only a matter of time before that beautiful world, and the red portal, would cease to exist. Such was the fate of a world that was nearing its end.

An end that was brought about by the Gods of Destruction, whose sole purpose was to usher an eternal rest to Gods and mortals alike.







Chapter 662

A week passed after William had summoned his two Familiars, Elliot, and Conan.  

Chloee had taught him everything she knew about Familiars, while Celeste answered most of his questions. After a week, the beautiful Elf had decided to return to Hestia Academy and continue her duties as a professor.

"Will, I will be waiting for you at Hestia Academy this year," Chloee said as she placed her hands on her waist. "Finish everything that you need to do and enroll there. As my Disciple, you needed to become strong so you wouldn't make me look bad, do you understand?"

William wanted to roll his eyes at the audacious statement of his Sixth Master. Even so, he had to admit that he learned a lot from their visit and nodded his head in agreement.

"I will come as soon as I can, Sixth Master," William replied. "However, my visit will have to wait until the Founding Ceremony of the Misty Sect. I still have some business to finish there."

Chloee nodded her head in understanding. William had already told her that he had an agreement with his Ex-Fiance that would take place at one of the most influential Sects in the Central Continent.  

Because of this, she didn't say anything anymore and simply reminded him to tie up all his loose ends and head to the academy as soon as he could.

"I will miss you. Wait for me in the Academy, okay?" Elliot said softly as he held Chloee's hand. "Promise to think of me always, yes?"

"O-Okay," Chloee stuttered. She really didn't really know how to handle Elliot's eloquent skills and found herself lost for words whenever he was around.

Not far from the two familiars, Claire was holding Conan's hand, and the latter was sweating buckets, due to how close she was to him.

"Don't think too much of me while I am away, okay?" Claire smiled.

"Why would I think of you?" Conan replied casually. "In fact, I am quite happy that you'll be going away soon."

Conan had replied without thinking things through, and Claire's reply made him regret the words that escaped his lips.

Two resounding cracking sounds reached William's ears, followed by Conan's scream. Claire had broken both of Conan's hands, and was smiling sweetly at him.

"Um? Did you just say that you'll be happy with me going away?" Claire asked.

"Of course not! Wuwuwuwu! I'm crying at the thought of you leaving me," Conan replied as he cried like a little girl. "I will miss you. There, I said it. Can you please heal my hand now? Wuwuwuwu!"

He wanted to escape, but Claire's firm hold on his hands prevented him from flying towards William and using him as a shield against her.

William looked at this scene with a disgusted face. Clearly, he didn't like Conan being submissive to the little Familiar in front of him.  

'I guess I'll have to ask Elliot to teach Conan how to deal with the girls,' William thought. He refused to acknowledge that Conan's henpecked attitude belonged to him.

Celeste had told him that the Familiar's attitude, and character, depended on their Master when they were created. Since Conan had this submissive trait, it meant that William also had it. A trait which the Half-Elf dismissed completely.

"We will now be taking our leave," Celeste said as she approached William. "Be wary of the Families that have been stripped of their rights. They will not take this lying down and they will definitely do something to regain what they have lost.

They might even go to the Southern Continent and find trouble with the people important to you. Although they are no longer part of the Ruling Families. The treasures and military might that they had accumulated through the years are nothing to scoff at."

William nodded his head. "I understand."

He already knew that these Families wouldn't be backing down anytime soon. Unfortunately, he didn't have enough manpower to deal with them at the moment. For now, he decided to just retain the previous floors just as they were and let the trials proceed as they were meant to be.

There were plenty of resources to be mined from each of the floors under his wing, but he had no time to do that. He was still in the middle of thinking of a solution on how to maximize the profits he had gained in the tower.

There was also the issue with the tokens he had accumulated from finishing the trials and clearing the 51st Floor.  

"If things really get out of hand, just come to Hestia Academy," Celeste commented. "I will put you under my protection. Those Families will not dare reach their scrubby hands inside the academy or else they will suffer the wrath of our Guardian Deity."

William's interest was piqued by the mention of the Guardian Deity of Hestia Academy. He wondered what kind of God watched over this institution that was named after the world of Hestia.

A few minutes later, Celeste, Chloee, and Claire, disappeared from the Floor of Asgard and returned to the base of the tower. They couldn't stay away from the Academy for a long time because Celeste was a professor, and she had already been gone for a long period of time.

After their guests had left, William took out a few Beast Cores from his storage ring and immediately upgraded the Familiamancer Job Class.  

While the Half-Elf was busy leveling the skills in the Familiamancer Skill Tree, James had finally arrived at the Central Continent along with Ezio.

"It has been many years since we've been here, Vlad," James said with nostalgia. "The last time we came here, we made a killing. Such happy times."

The Giant Dread Lord snorted. James had repeatedly ransacked the treasury of the Kingdoms in the Central Continent, which made several kingdoms very angry. All of them united under one banner and pooled their military might to hunt the old bastard until he had no choice but to run away with his tail behind his legs.

If not for the fact that Vlad was there, the old coot might have already been beaten to death by the angry members of the Royal Family, whose wealth was still with him even to this day.

"Are we going to head straight to the Tower?" Vlad asked. "If I use my full speed, we can arrive there in three days."

James rubbed his chin and nodded his head in affirmation. "We need to hurry. I'm sure that my grandson is having a hard time holding down the fort. I can't let those ruling families regain what they have lost. Just thinking of those countless Tower Tokens is already making my hands itchy."

Vlad shook his head helplessly. Sometimes he wondered if being James' close friend was a good thing or not. Everytime they were together, they would often get into trouble. Although he was a Demigod, he was not the only Demigod in the Central Continent.

Vlad alone could handle two of them at once, but if a third and fourth Demigod joined the fray, he would have no choice but to flee, dragging the old coot, who loved riches, along with him.  







Chapter 663

Another week passed, and James finally arrived on the outskirts of the Tower of Babylon. They were supposed to arrive a few days ago, but they got delayed because James decided to gather some information along the way.

Just as he expected, everyone now knew the name "William Von Ainsworth" and it made the old man very happy.

For James, having his family name recognized gave him bragging rights, which his old friends hated the most. Whenever James would start to brag at them, they would immediately ignore him like he didn't exist.  

Naturally, the old coot knew this too, but he didn't care. The more he heard people praise William, the more he felt that his grandson inherited his awesome genes, which had led to the conquest of the Tower of Babylon.

After arriving at the City of Babylon, the first thing James did was to go to the main square where countless merchants gathered to sell their wares. He thought that this was the perfect place to put his plan into action, which would allow him to get a better understanding of the current situation.

Vlad who was walking beside him had a bad feeling because James was smiling. It was the smile that James usually wore when he was about to start scamming people of their hard earned money.

The moment the old coot stepped at the center of the Plaza, he immediately raised his head in arrogance and shouted like a madman.

"I am William Von Ainsworth's Grandfather!" James shouted. "Can someone tell me where I can find my grandson?"

The people in the plaza immediately locked their eyes on James. Some of them were wondering if he was just playing a prank, or was he telling the truth.

Right now, William was a hot commodity. Everyone wanted to gather information about him, but only the top dogs of the Central Continent know his true background.

James shouted four more times before sitting on the edge of the fountain at the center of the Plaza. He crossed his arms over his chest and had a smug expression on his face.  

Vlad who saw this sighed internally. As James' close friend, he already understood what the old man was planning to do. Since that was the case, the Demigod of the Southern Continent just stood his ground and waited for the show to start.

—–

News spread fast in the City of Babylon, especially if the news was very important. An hour after James had made his announcement, the various Ex-Ruling Families of the Tower of Babylon immediately conducted a high-level meeting.  

For them, this was a good chance to once again regain their former glory and use the current situation to their advantage.

  "Are you sure that this news is confirmed?" Waltier, the Patriarch of the Agnis Family, inquired.

The patriarch of the Valkazar Family, Hexxat, nodded his head. "It is confirmed. The one who declared that he was William's grandfather is still at the Plaza as we speak. My men are keeping watch over him and will alert us right away if he makes a move."

The patriarch's glanced at each other and nodded their heads in agreement.

"Let's capture him first and ask questions later," Janos, Patriarch of the Moreau Family, proposed. "We should hurry before he escapes our grasp."

Damon, of the Amaral Family, smiled evilly as he eyed his compatriots. "I have already sent my people to invite the old man to our residence. I am planning to host a feast in his honor. You guys should come later."

"A feast is it? Sounds good. Count me in!"

"I'm going too. I would like to see just what kind of man this grandfather is."

"Yes. Perhaps we can talk some sense into him and use him as a middle-man to negotiate with his grandson, what do you guys think?"

"It will be better if we just use him as a hostage. With all of us banding together, I am sure that bastard William will have no choice but to listen to our demands."

"I agree with this plan."

"I, too, support this plan."

The Patriarch's voted unanimously and left the meeting with smiles on their faces. For them, as long as James' identity was true, William would have no choice but to cooperate with them. Of course, they were also willing to compromise with the Half-Elf. For them, as long as they could regain control of their respective floors, apologizing and paying compensation could be negotiated.

Back at the Plaza, James was approached by several men and women with friendly smiles on their faces.

"We are here to formally invite you, esteemed Sir, to the residence of my Master," the right hand man of one of the Patriarch's said. "We planned to host a feast to honor you and your grandson's accomplishment in the Tower of Babylon.  

"My Master is looking forward to having a good relationship with you, and will cater to your every need while you stay here in the City of Babylon."

James laughed in a friendly manner and patted the man's shoulder.

"Since you have invited me on bended knees, it will be impolite of me to reject," James replied. "I will allow you to guide my esteemed self to your residence. Also, I am very picky with food. Do you have seafood? It has been a while since I've eaten any of it."

The corner of the subordinate's lips twitched when he heard James reply.

Invited on bended knees? Dafuk? Since when did I bend my knees to you? Are you getting senile old man?

The subordinate had no choice but to smile and allow the old man to say whatever he wanted to say. His duty was to bring James to his Master's residence, and he didn't care what method he used to do that.

James and Vlad followed behind the group of people in silence. They would glance here and there, with veiled excitement on their faces. This earned them the contempt of the people that were guiding them. All these people had labeled James and Vlad as country bumpkins who were seeing the big city for the first time.  

They knew from experience that country bumpkins were gullible people. These were the people who would even help their sellers count the money that was used to buy them, due to their lack of common sense.  

Deep inside, James was chuckling evilly. His plan was very simple. He would first weed out those who had bad intentions against his grandson before climbing the tower to find him.

The only thing on their minds was the method of coercing William to return what had belonged to them. This was the confidence of the ignorant, who had long been used to having their way, and bossing people around.

If the Ex-Ruling Families only knew that they were inviting a rascal into their den, all of them would definitely not approve of their plan to invite James to their residence.

They would rather keep what little wealth they had saved up in the tower than have it personally delivered to the old scammer's hands, who coveted any form of treasure.  

Sadly they didn't know, which marked the complete and utter downfall of the once powerful families, who had conquered the floors of the tower of Babylon thousands of years ago.  







Chapter 664

Albert Antstein, William's Fifth Master and renowned Alchemist in the Kraetor Empire, drank a bottle of wine as he looked up at the beautiful moons in the sky. Sometimes, he would do these things to remember the past that he kept hidden inside his heart.  

Just like everyone else, he had been surprised when he heard the world-wide announcement that had brought William to the forefront of the young generation. No one had expected such a feat, not even Albert who already held William in high esteem.  

Although the one that won the Tournament of Champions was Lilith, her fame was short-lived and overshadowed by William's brilliance. How can the Champion of a Tournament compare to the one that conquered the Floor which had stopped mankind's advance in the Tower of Babylon?

The two achievements were like Heaven and Earth.  

The Championship could be won by anyone, but clearing the 51st Floor was something that even the most powerful beings in the World of Hestia didn't dare to challenge. Everyone had already accepted that the 51st Floor was unconquerable.

But, on the last day of the Tournament of Champions, all of them were proven wrong. The Tower of Babylon was once again open for conquest, and all the heroes of the world are now headed there to mark their names in the pages of history.  

"As expected of your son, Maxwell," Albert said as he lifted the bottle of wine in the direction of the Silvermoon Continent. "Cheers to having one hell of a son."

After praising his old companion, Albert drank the wine and relished its taste.  

"I wonder, if Arwen chose me instead of you, would my son be as good as yours?" Albert muttered. He was one of Arwen's many admirers, but due to him being a Half-Elf, he didn't dare to cross that line and simply watched from the side.

Maxwell was different from him. He was strong, bold, and confident. Not even the most beautiful Saintess of the World Tree was able to resist his charms.

"I'm still more handsome than you." Albert chuckled as he drank the rest of the wine in the bottle. "You're just more confident than me."

The memories of accompanying Maxwell in the Central Continent passed through his eyes. He had suffered many difficulties because his close friend liked to use violence to get what he wanted. Well, he had that ability to do that because he was the one and only Dungeon Conqueror in the world.

A Profession that was akin to a God of Death that no one dared to face head-on.  

"One year from now my friend, I will fulfill my promise to you," Albert said softly. "Your son will definitely need this power. A power that you had decided to pass unto him, before he was even born."

The great Alchemist glanced at the moon one last time before walking towards the Red Light District of the Empire. He was growing sentimental again, and he needed the warmth of others in order to appease the coldness he was feeling inside his heart.

——

"Elliot, use Lightning Bolt!" William ordered.

Elliot pointed his fingertip at B1 and B2 who were watching their training exercise from the sky. A streak of lightning shot out from the Familiar's fingertips, and flew towards the two dumb birds at incredible speeds.

Unfortunately, B1 and B2 had died countless times in the past and had accumulated plenty of experience. They had been active during William's different campaigns and could be considered part of the Elite Circle under his wing.

The two birds moved their bodies to the side and dodged Elliot's bombardment from the ground.  

William, who was observing his Familiar's battle capabilities nodded his head in appreciation at the improvement of the Rainbow Birds who originally only knew how to use suicide attacks.

"I'm Rolling!"

Kasogonaga's adorable voice sounded across the training field as he sparred against Conan.

The Iron Wall that the Familiar had erected was pierced through by the rolling calamity that had already reached the pinnacle of the Centennial Rank.  

Kasogonaga was nearing its breakthrough, so it decided to visit William on the Floor of Asgard to play. This was when he saw the Half-Elf training his familiars and decided to join in the fun.

Conan, whose shield was destroyed, didn't flinch and summoned his Deathscythe. He met Kasogonaga's rolling attack head on, which sent the little familiar flying several meters in the air due to the rainbow-colored Anteater's powerful rolling attack

"Iron Fortress!" Conan shouted and a magic circle appeared under his feet.  

A miniature Fortress the size of a small hill rose from the ground surrounded him. Kasogonaga collided with this fortress and kept on rolling, with the intention of breaking past its defenses.

Conan gritted its teeth as he focused all of his powers to block the Anteater's powerful attack. A few seconds later, Kasogonaga was repelled by the Iron Fortress, which sent it tumbling towards the ground.

"Not bad," Kasogonaga nodded its head in approval. "You directed all of your defensive abilities on the single point where I attacked, which nullified the force behind my attack. You have a good battle sense, I like it!"

"Kekeke, you're not bad yourself," Conan said with a grin. However if one looked closely, his forehead was covered in sweat. Clearly, blocking Kasogonaga's single attack wasn't as simple as it seemed.  

Right now, Elliot and Conan were equivalent to Class B Monsters. They were as strong as Psoglav when William had first met him.

The Familiamancer Job Class had already been maxed out, so he would need to visit Celeste in Hestia Academy, and pray in the Temple that she had established in order to advance the Prestige Class to a higher level, which was the Familiamancer Overlord.

William was quite satisfied with Elliot's Firepower, and Conan's defense. Although they weren't as strong as Chloee at the moment, they were still good additions to his team, and could play their roles as support.

Right now, William no longer needed to hide that he could wield the power of Lightning. He had already become one of the powerhouses in the Central Continent, and he was not afraid to have a confrontation with the Demons in the Demonic Continent.

In fact, after seeing how the bastards treated his wife, Chiffon, he was itching to pay a visit to her Father, and unleash a Thunderstorm that would devastate Luciel's Domain.

Right after dinner, William and Chiffon once again lay in the open fields of Asgard to look at the stars in the sky. After what happened a week ago, Bacon no longer came in between William and Chiffon for fear that William would once again toss it inside his Thousand Beast Domain as punishment for being the third wheel.

This time, the golden piglet obediently rested at Chiffon's left side, and closed its eyes to sleep.  

"Big Brother, we will be able to leave after a week," Chiffon said with a tinge of regret. In truth, she wanted to stay in the Floor of Asgard for a little while longer because she was still in the Honeymoon Phase of their relationship.

"Yes," William replied and gently squeezed her hand. "After that, I need to prepare for my battle with Rebecca. This agreement is already long overdue."

Chiffon hummed softly. For her, it was Rebecca's loss that she decided to break her engagement with William. Her Big Brother was such an amazing person, and a very rare find.  

The pink-haired girl couldn't understand why the so-called genius of the Hellan Kingdom didn't put William in her eyes when both of them were still young.

"Big Brother, do you like her?" Chiffon asked. This was the first time she had asked this question to William, and she was very curious whether the Half-Elf had feelings for his Ex-Fiance or not.

"I don't like or dislike her," William answered. "She was just a baby when our grandparents decided to tie us together in marriage. Of course, sometimes, I wonder what would have happened if the two of us got along, but that is all in the past.  

"Right now, I don't have any intention of making her my fiance. Also… there is a nagging feeling at the back of my mind that I am forgetting something important."

"Are you talking about Belle?"

Chiffon already knew of Belle's existence because William had asked her to help him remember his loved one that he had left back on Earth.  

"No." William shook his head firmly. "I still remember… Belle. I still have memories of her. What I am talking about are other things."

Chiffon shifted her attention from the stars to William and saw the Half-Elf looking back at her. Their eyes met and their affectionate gazes made each other feel loved.

"Chiffon, no matter what happens in the future, will you continue to remain by my side?" William asked.

The pink-haired girl nodded and gave William a hug.  

"No matter what happens, in the future, I will continue to be with Big Brother," Chiffon said. "Even if my body were to turn into ashes, I will always be by your side. I promise."

William closed his eyes and gently patted her head.  

Ever since he had cleared the 51st Floor and obtained Enuma Elish, he started to recognize a vague sense of awareness regarding certain things.  

Of worlds being destroyed one after the other, and Champions fighting with their lives on the line to protect everything that was dear to them.

Enuma Elish…

The Tablet of Creation…

A testament of a world that once existed.

A world that had now ceased to exist.  

Only the faint memories of the wills that resided within its tablets, allowed William to take a peek into the past glories of Gods long forgotten.

As William pushed away the uneasiness that was rising in his heart. The soft sleeper breaths of Chiffon reached his ears.  

He held her firmly in his embrace, as he uttered a silent prayer in his heart.  

A prayer where he wished for the safety of the people important to him. After saying his prayer, he then fell asleep, holding his lover in his arms and fell into a familiar dream.  

A dream of a world covered in blazing flames, and a God laughing at the destruction that was taking place. Soon, these blazing flames were engulfed in darkness, and the cry of a Phoenix resonated within the sky.  

Within the darkness, a soft and silky voice reached William's ears.

"Pendragon, I don't need you to light up my world. All I want is for you to just sit with me in the Darkness."

That was the last thing that William heard before he fell into a deep and dreamless sleep.. Unaware that somewhere far away, beyond the world of Hestia, and the stars in the sky, the Harbinger of Destruction was inching its way closer with each passing day.







Chapter 665

High above the Savadeen Mountains, lay the Misty Sect's Main Stronghold. They were one of the powerful Factions in the Central Continent and held considerable prestige and influence.

Right now, the Sect Master and Sect Elders were having a high-level meeting. They had gathered to discuss the upcoming celebrations for their founding ceremony. Naturally, one of their topics was William's and Rebecca's upcoming battle that would be held in less than two months' time.

Rebecca's Master, Eleanor, and the Elder, Lady Miriam, who had attended William's knighting ceremony in the Hellan Kingdom, were telling the Sect Master and the Elders of their Sect all the information that they had about William.

After their report, the Sect Master pressed her hands together and rested her chin on top of it.

"So, you're saying that this William was just a normal shepherd a few years ago, correct?" Thea, the Sect Master of the Misty Sect, asked.

"Yes," Eleanor answered. "He is just a country bumpkin that tends goats and sheeps."

Thea nodded her head. "Then a few years later, he rose up in the ranks and became the youngest Knight Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign. After that, the War in the Southern Continent happened and he was one of the commanders that opposed the Elven invasion."

Thea had read most of the documents about William an hour before the meeting took place. More or less, she already knew the Half-Elf's achievements and felt that things didn't add up.

"I had only met the boy once, and he left a lasting impression on me," Lady Miriam commented. She still hadn't forgotten how William made her kneel in front of the nobility of the Hellan Kingdom. For her, it was the greatest humiliation that she had suffered in her life.

"Back then, I supported Eleanor's move to break up ties with the boy because I deemed that he wouldn't amount to much." Lady Miriam sighed. "We sent invitations months ago to the other factions in the Central Continent and invited them to participate in our festivities.  

"We even advertised Rebecca's and William's battle as the main highlight of our Sect's celebration. Now that news of the boy's accomplishment is announced in the entire world, we can expect that more guests will arrive due to him."

The Elders of the Misty Sect frowned. In the past, they wanted to use William as a stepping stone for Rebecca, and use this event to show everyone the prowess of their Sect. However, right now, they felt that they were sitting on hot coals.

Rebecca might be a genius, but if you compared her to the Half-Elf that had conquered the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon, her prestige fell far too short.

The only saving grace was that Rebecca had undergone closed cultivation for a year inside their Ice Glazed Domain, and was unaware of the events that were happening in the world. If she knew about William's recent achievements, it might affect her progress and would prevent her from breaking through the next step in her advancement.

"There's nothing that we can do right now," Thea said. "We also cannot cancel our Founding Ceremony because that will make us look weak in the eyes of the world."

"But, Sect Master, if we let Rebecca fight William, her chances of winning are almost non-existent," Eleanor replied. "We will lose face if that happens."

The other Elders nodded their heads in agreement, but Thea remained calm. She shared Eleanor's opinion, but she had already thought of a plan in order to raise Rebecca's chances of winning.

"Three days before our founding ceremony, bring Rebecca out of the Ice Glazed Domain," Thea ordered. "I will plead with her Excellency, Meredith, to become Rebecca's contractor for a day. With her Excellency's help, we will achieve victory over the boy, and raise our Sect's prestige to the world."

The Elders looked at Thea in shock because they never expected that she would resort to such drastic means. Meredith was the Demigod that resided in the Savadeen Mountains and was the Protector of their Sect.

This was why the Misty Sect had managed to survive over the years because they had the backing of a Demigod.

Everyone had mixed feelings about the Sect Master's decision. Although they thought that Rebecca's chances of winning were slim, using this method to win against the Half-Elf left a bitter taste in their mouths.

Thea knew what the others were feeling, but her decision was final.  

"Right now, Her Excellency, Meredith still hasn't fully recovered her strength," Thea explained. "She has recently undergone Rebirth, so her overall strength is only at the Pseudo-Demigod level. I don't think that making a temporary contract with a creature that is at the peak of the Myriad Beast category is an issue.

"Also, I believe that the boy is the same. Perhaps William has also made a contract with a powerful beast. This is the only explanation that I can think of to explain his unprecedented rise in power and prestige.  

"We are just making the fight fair and square. There is no shame in using our Trump Card against the person that has cleared the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon."

The Elders pondered about Thea's reasoning and felt that there was some logic behind her statement. William was only an ordinary Shepherd, but he suddenly managed to stop the Elven Invasion as well as clear the Tower of Babylon.  

If one were to ask what a miracle was then this was a miracle!  

It was simply unbelievable.

"I support the Sect Master's decision." Lady Miriam nodded her head in agreement. "This whole William incident is indeed very fishy. We must protect our sect's prestige and show the world that he isn't that much of a deal.  

"So what if he cleared the 51st Floor? That will not mean anything once Rebecca has trampled on his dignity. This is also a very good opportunity for our sect to take advantage of William's popularity. Everyone wanted to know more about him, so if he gets defeated in front of countless people, his previous achievements will become obsolete."

Lady Miriam clenched her fist. She had long wanted for the shameless Half-Elf to be brought down a peg or two. The grudge she had since she left the Hellan Kingdom weighed heavily on her heart.  

If there was a way to humiliate William in front of everyone then she would do everything in her power to make it happen.  







Chapter 666

"Cheers for the Ainsworth's Family's good fortune!"

""Cheers!""

James drank the wine in his glass with a happy expression.

Right now, he was in one of the residences of the Ex-Ruling Families and they were having a feast in his honor.  

The Patriarchs of the different families all looked at James with smiles on their faces. Right now, they were sneering in their hearts because William's grandfather was a gullible person. As long as they sang his grandson praises, the old man would grin like he was on top of the world.

What the Patriarchs' didn't know was that James was also sneering inside his heart. While he was keeping the idiots company, Ezio was already busy emptying the coffers of their treasuries.  

James' faithful subordinate had completed his investigation a day before the old coot had made his announcement at the Plaza. Their plan was to bring out those who had evil intentions towards William by using James as bait.

"Lord James, once you are reunited with your grandson, your prestige will definitely soar towards the sky like a dragon in flight," Waltier, the Patriarch of the Agnis Family, said with a smile.

"Well, my boy, William has always been filial," James replied with a smug expression on his face. "I'm sure that he'll allow me to manage a floor or two if I ask him nicely."

"Such a filial grandson, you're very lucky to have him, Lord James."

"Indeed. I wish I also have a grandson like William. He will bring good luck to the family."

"With Sir James' majestic presence, I'm sure that his grandson is definitely a good looking person. I can tell with just a glance that you were a lady killer, Lord James, when you were still in your young years."

James laughed and nodded his head in agreement. Right now, he found the Patriarchs' very cute, and decided to humor them a bit.  

"Hahaha! Indeed. I was a lady's man back then." James nodded his head. "My grandson managed to inherit my genes, I feel sorry for him because he will be a lady magnet just like me."

The Patriarchs looked at James with fawning gazes. However, deep inside, they wanted to drown him in spit. If not for the fact that they needed him to use against William, they wouldn't waste their time in buttering him up like a VIP guest.

The feast lasted for three hours, and James had his fill of eating and drinking. It was also at that moment when he received a telepathic message from Ezio.

"Sir, everything has been settled," Ezio said.  

"Did you take everything?" James inquired.  

"Yes. the only thing I didn't take were their clothes."

"Excellent!"

James grinned like a wolf as he stared at the Patriarchs who were fawning at him. He didn't plan to show any mercy to those that had evil intentions towards his family. Regardless of who they are, as long as they targeted his family, they would all meet a miserable end in his hands.

—-

The next day…

Several men holding weapons barged inside James' room.

After the feast ended, James returned to the inn where he and Vlad were staying. Although the Patriarchs had invited him to stay with them for the night, he politely declined their offer with the excuse that he would be climbing the tower the next day to meet with William.

"Who are you people?" James asked as he stifled a yawn. "Don't you know that it's rude to barge into someone else's room while they are sleeping?"

"Shut up, Old Man! You're coming with us!" the leader of the men answered.

James scratched his head as he stared at the leader.

"Why are you shouting? I'm not deaf. I can hear you perfectly."

"Come with us and do not resist if you know what is good for you. Of course, if you want to get hurt, we are more than willing to oblige."

James laughed because it had been a while since someone had dared to threaten him. No one in the Southern Continent had the guts to do it, but as soon as he entered the Central Continent, someone actually dared to bully him.

"What will you guys do if I refuse?" James asked. He was looking at the armed warriors with an amused expression on his face.

The leader snorted as he raised his hand. "Since you refuse to cooperate then we won't hold back and make you understand what it's like to cross the ruling families of the Tower of Babylon!"

Two minutes later…

Cries of pain could be heard on the streets in front of the inn. The men who had threatened James earlier were now writhing in pain because their arms and legs were broken. The leader of the group had it worse because James had broken all of his limbs.

Ever since James had made his announcement in the Plaza, it was not only the Ex-Ruling Families that had been keeping an eye on his movements.  

Adventurers, bounty hunters, mercenaries, and several other elite warriors that had been hired by influential people were keeping tabs in everything he did. The envoys of the different Empires of the Central Continent that had been dispatched towards the Tower had also caught wind of James' name.

Since these people wanted to curry favor with William, they intended to form good relationships with any member of his immediate family.

They had already known that a group of armed men, who belonged to the former ruling families, were planning to capture James. Their plan was to come to his rescue at the right moment, in order to gain his good graces and gratitude.

Unfortunately, they were not aware of James' true identity. They thought that he was only an old man that was lured by his grandson's success, and intended to profit from William's accomplishments.

The scene in front of the inn made them re-evaluate James and their impression of him changed completely.

"We should have known that you were not an ordinary old man," Janos, the Patriarch of the Moreau Family, said with his arms crossed over his chest. "However, your futile attempt ends here."

James glanced in the direction of the Patriarchs, who had prepared a feast for him several hours ago. All of them looked back at James with angry expressions on their faces. If not for the fact that one of the sons of the Agnis Family visited their treasury to get some gold, they would have never discovered that their coffers had been emptied.

Waltier immediately felt that something was fishy, so he immediately contacted his compatriots. It didn't take long for all of them to discover that they had been robbed clean.

Their first suspect was James. But, since the old man had been with them for the entirety of the night this suspicion didn't last long. They had sent men to monitor him, and of them reported that the old man had left the inn since he returned last night.

Without any leads on the thief that had ransacked their treasuries, the Patriarchs' decided to push through with their plan earlier than previously discussed. They unanimously agreed to kidnap James and send a messenger to the Tower to tell William that they were holding his grandpa hostage.

James placed his hands behind his back as he stared at the encirclement that was slowly forming around him.  

The Ruling Families had called up their big guns, which were High-Rankers that were equivalent to a Saint Class Warrior in their initial stages.

Vlad stood beside James with his arms crossed over his chest. Deep inside he was sighing because his companion had once again poked the hornet's nest and was using him to clean up the old man's mess.

"Surrender peacefully and you will not be hurt," Waltier said with an arrogant tone. "This is your last warning."

James started picking his nose with his finger as he scanned the High-Rankers that surrounded him.

"Forty Pseudo-Saints, not bad." James said as he rubbed his right index finger and thumb together.  

Without warning, he flicked the small ball of mucus towards one of the High-Rankers which hit the latter directly on his forehead, sending him flying a few meters from where he originally stood.

"One down," James announced before laughing out loud.  

The expression of the Patriarchs' as well as the spectators watching the scene immediately changed. However, it didn't end there.

Vlad finally unleashed a terrorizing aura that announced his identity as a Demigod.  

It was at that exact moment, when the Patriarchs' of the once glorious families in the Tower of Babylon, knew that they F*cked up.







Chapter 667

Back in the Floor of Asgard, William was unaware that his grandfather, James, was already in the City of Babylon and raising a ruckus to the forces that were hostile against him.

Only a week was left before he would be leaving the Tower, and he was currently in the process of collecting the spoils that he had gained from the tower.

"5,929,841 Tokens," William muttered as he browsed the Babylon Shop to use the tokens that he had accumulated.

Chiffon was seated behind him and leaning her back on William's body. She was also looking at the Babylon shop for items that might catch her interest.

Unlike Wiliam, Chiffon only had a little over a million Tokens under her name. The majority of these tokens came from clearing the 51st Floor with William. As for why her husband had more tokens than her, this was due to the ownership of the other floors in the Tower.

Since the Ruling Families had been exiled, all the earnings that their respective floors got would automatically be transferred to William's account.

William had already taught Chiffon how to navigate the Babylon Shop, and the pink-haired girl was extremely curious about the items that were currently on sale. After getting William's recommendation, Chiffon went to the consumable category where items for Beasts were currently on sale.

B1, B2, and Bacon peeked at the projection in front of the pink-haired girl and would comment from time to time.  

"How about this Beast Awakening Pill?" Chiffon asked B1. "Is it useful to you?"

B1 and B2 checked the information that was written on the projector and nodded their heads in approval.

"Divine Grade Pill," B1 read the information aloud. "Helps Beasts awaken their hidden talents and has a small chance of mutating to a higher form."

"Yes." B2 nodded. "There is a chance for us to become stronger if we ate this Beast Awakening Pill."

Bacon nodded its head in agreement. "Oink."

"Really?" Chiffon smiled. "Then I'll buy three. They're only 200,000 Token each. Very cheap!"

If the other challengers of the Tower could hear Chiffon right now, all of them would be vomiting blood due to her choice of words. The challenges in the tower would, at most, give 5,000 tokens if they were to clear it with a high-rating, and 1,000 tokens if they cleared it with a low rating.  

Even if they managed to get a high rating until they reached the 50th Floor, the tokens at their disposal would be more or less around 250,000.  

A single Beast Awakening Pill was already worth 200,000 and Chiffon bought three. She even said that they were cheap!

Fortunately, of the challengers heard her words, or else they would be questioning themselves about the meaning of life.

William smiled and continued browsing the shop of the tower. He wanted to train Chiffon to be more confident when making her own choices, so he didn't prevent her from buying anything she wanted from the Babylon Shop.

Now that she was now his wife, he wanted her to be a bit more confident about herself, and the decisions that she would make in the future.  

After getting the three Beast Awakening Pills, she fed one each to B1, B2, and Bacon. The effect of the pills would activate after twenty four hours, so its effects wouldn't be immediately felt or seen.

Since that was the case, Chiffon returned to browsing the items on the Shop while humming a happy tune.

William's two familiars, Elliot and Conan, sat on his shoulder and were browsing the Shop as well. The Half-Elf was feeling generous and gave his two familiars 500,000 Token each, so that they could buy their own things from the God Shop.

After the Familiamancer was registered as William's third permanent Subclass, Elliot and Conan were able to permanently materialize in the mortal plane, just like Chloee and Claire.  

William treated these two little guys who looked exactly like him as his partners in crime.

Elliot read the information about an item called the "Heart of the Crystal Phoenix". Contrary to what its name implied, this wasn't an actual Phoenix's heart. It was in fact, a crystal that was formed from the tear of a Crystal Phoenix when it reached its thousand year life.

The only reason why it wasn't called the Tear of the Crystal Phoenix was due to its shape when the tear took a solid form. The tear would transform into a light-blue crystal heart after being exposed to the air for a few seconds, which gave birth to its name.

—–

< Heart of the Crystal Phoenix >

– This teardrop that came from a Crystal Phoenix during its thousandth year of life and has very miraculous properties. If this was absorbed by an ordinary mortal, their body's constitution, and strength, would take a qualitative leap and rise immediately to the Adamantium Rank (equivalent to that of a Centennial Beast).  

– Aside from strengthening the body, the Heart of the Crystal Phoenix will also strengthen that person's Spiritual and Magical Powers. Even if a person didn't have any magical affinity, the changes in their body would allow them to use one of these two powers, depending on what was more compatible with them.

– Lastly, absorbing this item would give you the ability to form Contracts with Phoenixes, and merge with them for a short period of time without encountering any side effects.

Price: 500,000 Tokens

——

Elliot's eyes glowed as a scene played out inside his head. Among William's two familiars, Elliot had the passive ability, Clairvoyance. This ability appeared after William maximized all the skills in the Familiamancer Skill Tree, which unlocked Elliot's and Conan's latent abilities.

Elliot was able to see brief images of the future at any given time. These images came and went without warning, and this was Elliot's first time seeing one.

'Oh? This is quite an interesting development,' Elliot mused as he decisively bought the Heart of the Crystal Phoenix. 'Well, I look forward to how it will unfold.'

Elliot glanced at William with a smile. He decided to keep what he saw as a secret because he thought that it would be more interesting that way. Although the Angelic Familiar had no doubt that what he saw would come to pass, he still deemed that it would be wise not to tell William about it.

William was so focused on his task that he didn't notice the mischievous smirk that Elliot directed at him.  

The Half-Elf was currently in a dilemma. Just like the God Shop, the Shop of Babylon had many interesting things for sale. However, there was something that had caught his attention.  

On the very first page of the Shop of Babylon, a promotional advertisement was displayed. It was called Babylon Gacha.

If he spent Four Million Tokens, there was a 100% chance to get one random Divine Item from the Gacha. William was very moved by this offer because of what happened with Enuma Elish.  

The Divine Artifact allowed him to Summon the Avatars of Various Gods similar to Final Funtazee summons. Not only that, he also unlocked the Unique Prestige Class, Familiamancer.

If he were to get another Divine Artifact, like Enuma Elish, wouldn't his cheat-like abilities be over the top?

William glanced at his remaining Tokens and made his decision.

—–

4,929,841 Tokens

—–

"Let's do this," William thought. "Let's go for one time big time!"

William decisively clicked the Gacha button.

Immediately a dazzling rainbow colored ball appeared on the projection screen and exploded into a shower of sparks.  

William had a wide grin on his face as he looked at the Divine Item that now belonged to him. However, after reading the name of the item, the smile on his face immediately became stiff.

—-

< Chamberpot of Serenity >

Rarity: Divine

– Ender of Misery

"When you see it, you'll sh*t bricks"







Chapter 668

(Disclaimer: Do not eat, or drink anything when you read this chapter. If you haven't eaten or drank anything yet. It will be best if you eat and drink first. You already saw the name of the item in the previous chapter. If you are uncomfortable reading anything related to that, feel free to skip this chapter.  

Although I don't want to post any spoilers, this item will play an important part in the story in the later chapters, so I apologize for the cringe beforehand. This is what happens when you have a flu and write things with limited brain capacity. Kekeke.)

After reading the information of the "Divine" item that he just recently got from the Shop of Babylon, William closed his eyes and massaged the bridge of his nose.

'I might be a bit tired due to the things I've been doing for the past few days,' WIlliam thought. 'I'm just seeing things.'

A minute later, William summoned the Chamberpot of Serenity and held it firmly. He then read its information with a mind overflowing with positivity. He believed that the Divine Artifact was just named that way in order to prank those who would accidentally own it.

As a Divine Artifact, it couldn't possibly be bad, right?

—–

< Chamberpot of Serenity >

Rarity: Divine

– Ender of Misery

"When you see it, you'll sh*t bricks"

– When the Gods created the world, they realized that they overlooked one very important factor, and that was… sh*t.

– Every living thing that they created in the world is duty bound to take a dump. The Gods thought that this isn't a big deal, until the humans, and other races that they created, started to pollute the land and water with their sh*t.

– There is sh*t here, sh*t there, sh*t everywhere. It was truly a disgusting sight to behold. The Gods endured because they believed that Humanity's evolution would allow them to become more intelligent and pull their sh*t together.  

All of this changed when their believers started to use their altars to take a dump, which horrified and disgusted the Gods to an unbelievable degree. Because of this, they tasked the God of Crafts to solve this issue and thus, the Chamberpot of Serenity was born.

– The Gods' first gift to humankind was fire. Their next gift was a chamberpot. However, this event was not written in the history books because mankind found it quite embarrassing to add this episode to their written record of their path to evolution.  

– This Artifact could store unlimited amount of sh*t.

– This Artifact is indestructible.

– This Artifact comes with a handle. This is very important when it comes to Chamber Pots.

– This Artifact has a special passcode for its activation. The Passcode is "Eat Sh*t Motherf*cker!"

– This Artifact has an automatic cleaning spell embedded in it. Its exterior surface is always clean. It is very hygienic!

– P.S

As a special promotion, the Babylon Shop decided to put 1 Quadrillion Tons of sh*t in this artifact as a freebie to its new owner. Don't worry! It's high quality sh*t and it's free! You don't need to thank us. Our customer's satisfaction is our satisfaction.

Thank you for using Babylon Gacha!  

May you have a not-so-sh*tty day!

—-

"What in the flying f*ck is this sh*t?!" William roared in anger as he slammed the chamberpot on the ground, creating a small crater. Since the pot was indestructible, it didn't even have a dent even though William's current strength was enough to smash a boulder with a punch.  

His outburst alarmed Chiffon, Elliot, Connan, B1, B2, and Bacon who were minding their own business by his side.

"B-Big Brother?" Chiffon held Bacon in her arms and was looking at William with an anxious gaze.

William had completely forgotten that he wasn't alone and immediately restrained the anger that was bubbling inside his chest.  

"I'm sorry, did I scare you?" William asked, awkwardly.

Chiffon shook her head. "Not scared. I was just surprised. Did something bad happen, Big Brother?"

"Yes," William replied with a sigh. "I got scammed by the Tower."

William glanced at the chamberpot on the ground and felt like crying. He spent Four Million Tokens just to get a random Divine Item and he got the short end of the stick.  

Elliot flew towards the chamberpot and landed on its handle. Suddenly, his body shuddered as he received another vision from the future.

"Oh my goodness! What a nasty vision!" Elliot covered his mouth in disgust. The passive ability of his Clairvoyance had shown him a scene that was not far in the future and it was truly a spectacle to behold.  

William noticed Elliot's expression and immediately held the Familiar who was looking back at him with disbelief.

"What did you see?" William asked. Since he could see the stats and abilities of his familiars, it was very easy for him to guess that Elliot had seen a vision concerning the chamberpot.

"One moment," Elliot replied as he raised his right hand, while his left hand covered his lips.  

A few minutes later, Elliot finally calmed down and looked at William with a complicated expression.  

"Um, this chamberport will save your life in the future," Elliot said carefully. "For now, Just store it in your storage ring."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. Trust me on this one, Will."

While the two were discussing, Chiffon and her entourage moved towards the chamberpot to take a closer look.  

B1 and B2 poked it with their foot and chuckled.

"What a sh*tty item," B1 said.

"Indeed." B2 commented. "Chiffon, don't get too close. This thing is dangerous."

"Oink." Bacon agreed.

Seeing that her three companions were telling her not to come closer, Chiffon decided to heed their advice and simply eyed the chamberpot from a distance.

William's body uncontrollably shuddered when he saw B1 and B2 playing with the chamberpot. Among everyone in the scene, the two dumb birds had the highest possibility of triggering the secret passcode of the Divine Artifact that could lead to unimaginable consequences.

Without waiting for the worst case scenario to happen, William immediately summoned the Chamber Pot to his hands and hurriedly stored it inside his storage ring.

Elliot stared at William in a meaningful manner because the two visions he had received earlier were connected to each other. After giving it some thought, the Angelic Familiar devised a scheme in his head and smirked.

Conan looked at his twin with curiosity. Although he didn't know what Elliot was thinking, he had a hundred percent certainty that he was up to no good!







Chapter 669

Several days had passed and William's stay on the Floor of Asgard was about to come to an end.

  However, a day before his month-long stay at the 51st Floor Ended, a guest had once again appeared in his Domain.

  "I've been getting plenty of uninvited guests as of late," William said as he shook his head helplessly.

He took a step forward and immediately appeared at the base of the Bifrost Gate. On the other side of the bridge, a floating jellyfish, a turtle, and a goblin waved at him from afar.

  "Good day to you, Lord William," Jellybelle, the Guardian of the 50th Floor, greeted.

"Will, it has been a while," Oogwei said with a smile.

Xod didn't say anything and just gave William a brief nod.

  William was familiar with all of them, so he decided to invite them to the castle of Asgard. He was curious about the purpose of their visit since most Guardians just stayed on their respective floors, and didn't mind other people's business.

"When we guardians agreed to send you to the 51st Floor, we didn't expect you to really clear it," Jellybelle stated. "Now, we are experiencing a steady increase of challengers that are climbing the tower. This is all thanks to you, Lord William."

Unlike the other Guardians, Jellybelle treated William in a respectful manner. It was the only one that had seen the Primordial Goddess that was watching over the Half-Elf, and it was more than enough for it to humble itself in front of him.

Oogwei and Xod noticed Jellybelle's polite behavior, and wondered why it was acting this way. The Jellyfish was one of the most haughty Guardians in the Tower.

Since Jellybelle was in charge of the 50th Floor, it also held the highest authority among the Guardians of the lower floors. Simply put, the Jellyfish was their Big Boss, and their Big Boss was currently giving William the VIP treatment.

"Maybe Jellybelle is afraid of being eaten by William," Xod thought as he eyed the floating jelly who was making casual talk with the red-headed teenager.

Oogwei was also thinking of the same thing. Since all of them had witnessed how William devoured Belial in their battle, of the Guardians in the Tower wanted to offend the Half-Elf.

"Um, is there something that you need from me?" William asked.

He didn't believe that the three Guardians personally came to visit him just to make some small talk.

"Actually, we came here to tell you some news," Oogwei answered. "Since you're stuck up here, you are not aware of what is currently happening outside the Tower of Babylon. A few days ago, an old man that goes by the name, James, suddenly appeared in the City of Babylon and made a scene."

Oogwei told William how his Grandpa single handedly dealt with the Ex-Ruling Families.

At first, William was surprised when he heard that James had arrived at the City of Babylon. However, it didn't take long for his surprise to subside and be replaced with genuine amusement with how his Grandpa had beaten the crap out of the former ruling families of the tower that had tried to use him as a bargaining chip in order to negotiate with William.

The Half-Elf almost felt sorry for the Patriarchs of the Ruling Families for falling into James' hand. He knew how merciless his grandpa was when it came to those who threatened their family, and Oogwei's explanation didn't disappoint him.

According to the little turtle, after James and Vlad demolished all opposition, no one no longer dared to target William because of his background. Also, the emissaries of Empires, Kingdoms, and other Powerful Factions, tried to ingratiate themselves to James by personally dealing with the remnants of the exiled families from the tower.

When William heard this, he rubbed his chin in contemplation as he thought of an idea that would definitely work in his favor.

"Your grandpa is currently on the First Floor of the Tower," Xod said. "He asked me to send you a message."

Xod cleared his throat and passed James' message to William.

"I'm here. Where's the treasure?"

The corner of William's lips twitched when he heard his Grandpa's message. He helplessly shook his head because his old man really knew how to mooch off the hard work of others.

Originally, Xod would have been the only one going to meet with William. However, he was afraid of facing the Half-Elf alone. Because of this, he asked Oogwei to accompany him. The little turtle readily agreed to Xod's request. The two Guardians then went to see Jellybelle to ask for permission to enter the 51st Floor.

Jellybelle thought that this was a good idea to smoothen things out with William, so it decided to accompany Xod and Oogwei to the 51st Floor. He also wanted to know what William's intentions were.

Would he continue to climb the tower? Or, would he stay true to his words and leave the tower?

"Please, send my Grandpa to the 51st Floor directly," William said. "There is something important that I want to discuss with him."

—-

Ten minutes later…

James, Vlad, and Ezio appeared on the Floor of Asgard.

William's grandpa nodded his head in appreciation when he saw the Bifrost Bridge, as well as the majestic castle in the distance.

Vlad and Ezio had similar reactions. The world that William had created on the 51st Floor was a scenery that they had never seen before, and they would be lying if they said that they weren't interested in exploring this new Domain.

Without even waiting for anyone to meet them, James was already walking towards the Bifrost Bridge with the intention to cross it. It was as if he was the owner of the place and even had a smug expression as he walked in a carefree manner  

Vlad and Ezio exchanged a glance at each other before following behind him. Since this floor belonged to William, James had already labeled the 51st Floor as the property of the Ainsworth Family.

Since this floor belongs to my grandson, naturally, it also belonged to me!

After crossing the bridge, the three continued their journey towards the castle in the distance. Because the Floor was still not open to the public, the entire place was completely deserted.

It didn't take long before they arrived at the castle where they saw a red-headed teenager with a devilish smile plastered on his face.

They also noticed the adorable pink-haired girl beside William. James thought that if the girl was given a few more years, she would grow up to be an outstanding beauty. As someone who was aiming to expand his family's bloodline, James had always told William to have as many wives as he could. That way, he would have many great grandchildren that would help secure their lineage in the world.

"Gramps, did you come here to the Tower of Babylon after hearing how awesome I was?" William asked with a smug expression on his face.

"Of course," James replied. "Boy, you really made me proud. I knew that you inherited my awesomeness, but I didn't expect you to be just as awesome as I was when I was your age. Well done."

James laughed heartily as he patted William's shoulder. He then glanced at Chiffon with a smile and asked William to introduce him to the little beauty standing beside him.

"Chiffon, this is my grandfather, James Von Ainsworth," William said with a smile. He then turned to James and introduced Chiffon to him. "Gramps, this is my wife, Chiffon."

James held Chiffon's hand and shook it gently. He was only half listening to William's introduction because he only cared about making a good impression on the adorable girl whom he thought he believed would be a stunning beauty if given a few more years.

"Nice to meet you," James held Chiffon's hand like a kind Grandpa. "I'm very happy to meet William's frien– what?!"

The old man glanced at William. "Boy, what did you just say? I think I heard it wrongly."

"Chiffon is my wife."

"Your wife?"

William smiled and pulled the pink-haired girl in his embrace. "We got married a month ago. Gramps, how many grandkids do you want to have?"

Chiffon's face immediately flushed when she heard William's words. She immediately started thumping his chest with her closed fist out of embarrassment.

This adorable display made James, Vlad, and Ezio's lips twitch at the same time. They thought that William was just joking. However, after seeing that Chiffon wasn't denying the Half-Elf's claims, they realized that he was telling the truth.

James' expression immediately turned serious before placing his hand on William's shoulder.

"Will, we need to talk," James said.

Deep inside, he wanted to pick William up and slap his bum silly. If others were to hear that his grandson had casually married a kid, wouldn't that bring shame to his name? Wouldn't all of his friends, and acquaintances tease and ridicule him if they heard about it?

James wouldn't allow such a thing to happen! He would definitely beat the crap out of William until he came to his senses.

William didn't have mind reading powers, but he could already guess what James was thinking. He gave a nervous chuckle because the old man's grip on his shoulder was like a vice-grip that wouldn't allow him to escape no matter what.

"Gramps, I think you're making a misunderstanding," William said after realizing the danger he was in.. "Chiffon is legal. She's legal, you know?"







Chapter 670

"Here Chiffon, you need to eat more," James said in a doting manner. "You should eat nutritious food so you will grow taller and more beautiful."

"Thank you, Grandpa," Chiffon replied with a smile. She then happily ate the dishes that James had given her.

William stood at the side with a cramped expression on his face. After finding out Chiffon was Half-Dwarf and Half-Demon, James happily accepted her as William's wife and began to pamper her. Clearly, the old man was very happy that his Grandson was finally married.

This had been his goal since William was a baby. The old coot had even pulled strings behind the scenes and engaged him to Rebecca in order for him to have a wife when he grew up.

For James, he didn't care how many wives William had. What he was afraid of was his grandson not having enough wives!

After finding out that everything was a misunderstanding, the shameless old man had ditched William to the side and focused on his daughter-in-law.

"I see, so you bear the Sin of Gluttony." James nodded his head in understanding. "You have it rough, Chiffon. However, since we are now family, I will guarantee that you will never go hungry again. Also, I will not allow anyone to bully you again. If I ever get my hands on them, I'll break all the bones on their bodies and feed him to that little pig beside you."

Bacon, who was quietly eating on top of the table, beside Chiffon, raised its head and looked at the old man. Its innocent gaze was telling James that it didn't eat trash, which made the old man chuckle in delight.

"What is this piglet?" James inquired. "Is he your emergency food?"

"Oink!" Bacon lightly stomped its foot in protest as it glared at James.

Chiffon giggled as she lightly patted Bacon's head. "Grandpa, Bacon is my friend. He is not my emergency food."

James laughed and nodded his head. He was just teasing Bacon as a test to see if it was intelligent enough to understand his words. This was the first time that he had seen a golden piglet, and he was very curious to know if it was edible.

William, who had been cast to the side by his grandfather, was busy chatting with his Fourth master, Ezio. The Half-Elf had been away from the Southern Continent for a while and he was curious about the latest events that had happened in the Hellan Kingdom.

"Before we left, Leah announced that she was pregnant," Ezio said. "If not for the fact that the Commander was worried about you, he might have stayed in Lont and waited for his great-grandchildren to be born."

William was quite happy to hear the news that their family was going to have a new member. Due to the war that erupted in the Southern Continent, Matthew and Leah had decided not to have any children until the crisis was fully averted.

Now that peace had settled within the Southern Continent, the married couple finally decided that it was time for them to have a child. William silently prayed for the baby to be born healthy and Leah to have a safe delivery.

Like his Grandpa had said, the lineage of the Ainsworth Family was very thin. Even if Leah's unborn baby was added to the count, their family's bloodline would only amount to seven people.

This number was too few, and he could somehow understand his Grandpa's worries.

In truth, William was not opposed to having a child of his own, but he still felt that it was still too early for him. Aside from Chiffon, he was married to Wendy and Ashe as well. There was also Est, and Princess Sidonie, whom he had already recognized as his lovers.

As for Celine, their relationship was complicated. Even so, William had decided to have a serious talk with her the next time they met. Deep down, William was afraid that Celine would reject him.

Although the time they had spent within Eternity made William feel that the beautiful Elf was not opposed to the idea of becoming his lover, she still didn't say anything to him, which made him feel helpless.

"I'll cross that bridge when I get there," William thought. "For now, I still need to lift the curse on Est, Ashe, and Isaac. Right now, this is my top priority. Since grandpa is already here, I'll just let him take care of the matters of the Floor of Asgards and the other floors under my name."

William was a very lazy person. Since his grandpa was already in the Tower, he might as well throw all responsibilities at him! James had already told him about the emissaries from the other kingdoms that were waiting for the Floor of Asgard to open.

This discovery gave William a headache, so he decided to just let the old coot scam– errr negotiate with those people.

William was very confident that by the time the emissaries left the Floor of Asgard, all of them would be puking blood.

Hahaha! You want ownership of a Floor? Sure, but you need to pay up!

What? The price is too much? Sorry, we don't deal with peasants!

—-

The next day…

"Are you sure you're fine with this?" James asked.

"Of course, Gramps," William replied. "You know that I'm a very busy person. I have no time to spare in developing our family business. I'll just leave the Floor of Asgard, and the other floors in your very capable hands. If you want to form partnerships with the factions in the Central Continent, that's fine with me as well. However, this floor belongs to the Ainsworth Family. No matter what happens, this is off limits."

James nodded his head in understanding. He wasn't surprised that William had delegated this troublesome work to his shoulders, but the old man didn't have any complaints. In fact, he was already itching to start counting gold coins as soon as his grandson left the tower.

Both of them were currently at the throne room of Asgard. William had asked James to come with him, and the latter followed out of curiosity.

"Okay Gramps, you'll be sitting here from now on," William said as he made a gesture to the Silver Throne that used to belong to the Father of Asgard, Odin.

James sat on the throne like an Emperor and his presence was truly a sight to behold. If not for the fact that his family, friends, and acquaintances knew that he was a scammer, a money-grubber, and a bandit, they would definitely think that he was truly an Emperor of a powerful empire.

"Something is missing," William mused as he rubbed his chin. "Ah! I know."

William opened the Babylon Shop and bought one of the items in their inventory.

"Wear this, Gramps," William said with a smile.

"Um? What is this? An eyepatch?" James asked as William passed the eyepatch to him.

"Just wear it, Gramps. It will make you look cooler."

"Fine. I'll let you trick me just this once."

James wore the eyepatch, and he immediately felt a change in his line of sight.

He turned his head to the right side and his vision went past the castle walls and into the plains of Asgard. He then looked at the North, and saw the Bifrost Bridge in the distance.

"Not bad." James nodded his head. "Too bad it can't see past through people's clothes."

The regret in James' voice made the corner of William's lips twitch.

'Well, he looks more imposing this way,' William thought as he looked at his Grandpa's intimidating presence. 'Now for the finishing touches.'

William summoned a spear in his hand and handed it over to James as well.

"Gramps, the name of this spear is Gungnir," William explained. "Even if you can't use spears, when you throw this spear, it will always hit its target."

James eyed the silver spear with a critical gaze. He could feel that the spear was the perfect weight in his hands. It was not too heavy nor too light, achieving the perfect balance.

"This is nice. Thank you, Will," James said as he rested the spear to the side.

"No problem, Gramps," William nodded. "Chiffon and I will be leaving tomorrow. I'll leave Asgard in your care."

"Understood," James replied. "Don't worry. As long as I'm here, everything will be settled."

After getting his grandfather's promise, William left the throne room with nostalgia. Seeing James wearing the eyepatch, and holding Gungnir in his hand, made William recall the God that had fallen long ago.

A God that had fought valiantly even though he was fated to be eaten whole by the World Wolf, Fenrir, who was one of Loki's children. William knew that Asgard was long gone, and yet, he was still unwilling in his heart.

This was also the reason why he made the 51st Floor an exact copy of Asgard in his memories.

James watched his grandson go, while sitting on the throne of Asgard.

The smile that was plastered on his lips was now gone, replaced by a solemnity that William hadn't seen before.

"I never thought that I would be seeing it again," James muttered. "This place brings back memories."

James then held Gungnir firmly in his hand and caressed its handle. "Will you accompany me again, old friend?"

Gungnir vibrated as if to answer James' inquiry. Its body also gave off a faint light, which made the old man chuckle.

Out of nowhere, two crows materialized and landed on the left, and right armrest of James' throne. These two crows gazed in the distance, as if waiting for something.

Waiting for the day where they would once again spread their wings and travel the world.. A world that they were now duty bound to protect.







Chapter 671

The day where William and Chiffon would leave the tower had come.

Since the Floor of Asgard had no Guardian, William had given James that role. The Tower of Babylon had recognized the Half-Elf's decision and gave James administrative powers.

Right now, James had the same authority as the other Guardians of the Tower, and had absolute control within the 51st Floor.

William had also brought James inside his Thousand Beast Domain and introduced his Herd and Legion to his Grandpa.

James didn't expect that his grandson had a mobile army at his disposal, which made him look at William in a new light.

However, the surprise didn't end there. William had also revealed that he had formally taken the mantle of his father as the Dungeon Conqueror, which made James almost choke on his saliva.

"Although I already had my suspicions, hearing it from you still makes a difference." James sighed as he looked at his grandson in awe. "Will, make sure to limit this knowledge to the people you trust. If other people were to hear this, they would definitely make trouble for you."

"Gramps, even if I don't tell anyone that I'm the new Dungeon Conqueror, they would still target me because of my accomplishments," William replied. "I'm just that awesome."

James laughed because that was indeed the case. William had done things high-handedly and everyone now knew his name. Even without the title of the Dungeon Conqueror, he was a hot potato in everyone's eyes. It was too late to act low key when everyone was paying attention to his every move.

"Are there any other things that you are hiding from me?" James asked.

William grinned as he nodded his head. "They will be arriving soon. Just wait a little bit more, Gramps."

As soon as the words left William's mouth, two beauties materialized out of thin air.

James smiled and opened his arms wide.

To William's surprise, Princess Sidonie happily jumped into James' arms, while calling him Grandfather.

Unknown to William, James and Princess Sidonie had a good relationship. After finding out that the Princess from the Kingdom of Freesia had hoodwinked his grandson to become her fiance, James' impression of Princess Sidonie rose significantly.

After the Princess secretly went to meet him to bridge their relationship closer, the old man's impression became higher. Clearly, the beautiful Princess was after their family's good genes, and James was more than happy to tie William up and let the Princess marry him with his blessing.

Fortunately, William was a sensible person. He gave the beautiful Princess a chance to become his lover. Because of this, James and Princess Sidonie temporarily shelved their Shotgun Wedding plan and allowed the Half-Elf and the Princess' relationship to develop naturally.

"It's good to see that you are healthy," James said. "How long must I wait to hold my great grandkids?"

Princess Sidonie glanced briefly at William before giving her answer. "Don't worry, Grandfather. I am working on it. I promise that I will give you healthy grandchildren in the future."

"I will look forward to it. Just tell me if you need me to tie William up."

"There's no need for that Grandfather. Darling loves me very much."

Ashe watched this scene with a dumbfounded expression. She then approached William and gave him a hug. It had been a while since they had last seen each other. Even if the mermaid didn't want to admit it, her feelings for William had grown stronger while they were unable to see each other.

William shared half of Ashe's heart, so he could understand her feelings. Because of this, he gave her soft pecks on the lips, and promised her using telepathy that he would make it up to her as soon as he kicked James out of the Thousand Beast Domain.

James chuckled when he saw William's attempt to pacify his lover.

Just like Princess Sidonie, James had already known about Ashe's relationship with William. He was very touched when he discovered that the mermaid had given half of her heart to his grandson in order to save his life. Because of this, he had a very good impression of Ashe.

James' only concern was the curse that forced her to be trapped in a boy's body. The only good news was that William assured him that there was a way to break the curse, and for that to happen, he needed to travel to the Kraetor Empire in the Central Continent.

The old coot didn't try to persuade William out of his decision because he believed that his grandson had what it took to go to where all the powers of the world were congregated. The old man knew that regardless of the reason, William was destined to go to the Central Continent in order to reach a higher stage.

The world-wide announcement proved that his decision was right, so he was very happy to help his grandson manage the territories that he had recently acquired, while he traveled the Central Continent to do the things he needed to do.

Princess Sidonie lightly cleared her throat, and William and Ashe stopped their public display of affection.

Chiffon, who was standing at the side, only smiled as she watched this scene. Although there were a few mishaps, she was still able to monopolize William for a month, so her heart was at ease.

Also, she was now William's wife. There was no need to compete for his affection, because she could feel how much he loved her. The Half-Elf had made sure that Chiffon's unending hunger for food and love were sated completely.

"Interesting," James crossed his arms over his chest. "How about Wendy? Can she come here?"

William shook his head. "I will make it up to her once I return to the Southern Continent."

James nodded his head in understanding. He was also aware that Wendy had become William's first wife, and this made him very happy. He had a fondness for the blonde beauty, who didn't bother to hide her feelings for William when she visited Lont.

"Gramps, since I am the Floor Master, as long as I am in the Central Continent, I have a way to instantly travel to the Floor of Asgard," William explained. "If you need me, just ask Fourth Master to send me a message. If I am not busy with anything, I will come immediately."

James nodded his head. "Don't worry. Unless it is absolutely necessary, I won't ask for your help. Ah, before I forget. I will go to the Misty Sect on the promised date. Lawrence and I talked and we will be settling things during your battle with Rebecca."

William knew that although James and Lawrence were sometimes at odds with each other, they were still good friends. Although he didn't plan to hold anything back when fighting Rebecca, he would ensure that she wouldn't be humiliated.

This was the least he could do for Lawrence, as well as the girl, who used him as a shield to ward off potential suitors.

William summoned Soleil and handed it to Ashe. The latter nodded her head in understanding and left with Princess Sidonie to return to the Kraetor Empire.

Chiffon remained in the Thousand Beast Domain because William didn't want to leave her in Asgard. He could only travel by himself using his connection with Soleil, so this was the only way for the pink-haired girl to travel with him.

"Gramps, I'll see you in the Misty Sect," William said with a smile.

James patted his grandson's shoulder and gave him some words of wisdom.

"Although your victory is mostly assured, don't underestimate the old hags of Misty Sect." James warned. "I'm sure that they'll cook up something before your battle with Rebecca. Stay alert and keep your eyes peeled."

William agreed with James. "Understood, Grandfather."

With a determined gaze, William disappeared from the floor of Asgard. Now that he had accomplished Aamon's mission, it was now time to go to the Temple for the next set of tasks that Aamon had prepared for him.

High above the Tower of Babylon, an old man with a long beard looked in the direction of the Kraetor Empire with a calm expression.

He had long known that William's priorities didn't involve clearing the rest of the floors of the tower, but that was fine with him. Each person was fated to fight on different battlefields, but all rivers lead to the sea.

"Do your best, Little One," the old man muttered.. "Time waits for no one."







Chapter 672

  "You've done well," Aamon said with a benevolent smile on his face. "To be perfectly honest, I didn't expect you to finish that quest. In fact, I was hoping that you'd be stuck there for eternity."

William nodded his head in agreement. He had been through many difficulties, of them were easy, but the 51st Floor was truly one of the hardest battles he had faced in his life.  

"I would like to thank you for sending me to the Tower of Babylon, Your Excellency," William replied. "Because of you, I was able to marry a beautiful wife, as well as remember a lot of things."

Aamon rested the side of his face over his closed fist and eyed William with great interest. Although he was annoyed with William, that didn't mean that he wasn't able to appreciate the achievement that he had made.

What Aamon didn't know was that although William had gained a lot of things by clearing the 51st Floor of the Tower, the red-headed teenager had also lost many important things to him.  

"Now, it's time for you to do your second quest," Aamon stated. "You have an upcoming battle with your childhood Fiance, right?"

The corner of William's lips twitched because he could feel the sarcasm that was oozing out of Aamon's voice. However, he decided that he should just play along for the time being and humor the God in front of him.

That way, Aamon might make his quest a little bit easier.

"Yes, Your Excellency," William replied. "I will be fighting with her in less than two months' time."

Aamon nodded his head. "Since that is the case, your next quest will be defeating her in your match. However, there is a condition."

The Grand Marquis of Hell raised a finger as he regarded William cooly. He understood that Rebecca didn't stand a chance at winning against William in her current state, so he decided to make things a little bit more interesting.

William placed his hands behind his back as he waited for Aamon to mention his condition.

"You are not allowed to jump to the Saint Rank when fighting against her," Aamon said with a smile. "The moment your strength exceeds that threshold, your quest will immediately fail. That means that I will not lift the curses on Est, Ian, and Isaac."

William frowned. He originally wanted to finish the battle right away, but with this restriction, he would not be able to activate his Trump Cards.  

The Half-Elf wasn't worried about fighting against Rebecca, even without using Heroic Avatar and his Einherjar Job Class. However, he was worried that the Misty Sect would pull a trick on him during the battle, which would make things extremely difficult for him to win.

If he were able to use his trump cards, William was confident that he would be able to face whatever they threw at him. Now that he had this restriction, he needed to make plans in order to guarantee his victory.

This was an important battle for him.  

He couldn't afford to lose.

"I understand, Your Excellency," William replied. "It will be as you say."

"Good. Now, run along now. There are still a few weeks to go before your fated battle. Be sure to do your best to win."

"I will do my best."

——

Aamon watched as William disappeared from the Temple. The Half-Elf had used Soleil to instantly teleport to the Silverwind Academy after his meeting with the Patron God of the Kraetor Empire.

The Marquise of Hell lingered for a bit longer before he disappeared from the Temple. A few minutes later, he reappeared in Astrid's castle and found his twin drinking tea in the garden.

"I was a bit surprised, Brother," Astrid said as she placed her cup on the table. "I thought you were going to make things very hard for him, but you surprisingly held back on his next mission. Tell me, what made you change your mind?"

Aamon took the seat opposite his sister and casually picked up the teacup that was meant for him to drink. After taking a few sips of Astrid's special tea, he placed it back on the table before answering his twin.

"I didn't make things hard for him, this much is true," Aamon nodded. "This time, I made it fair. Lily came to visit me earlier, and threatened to whack me with a candy cane if I made the next test extremely difficult."

Lilith was Aamon's friend so he didn't want to burn bridges with her. Also, William had just come back from a difficult quest, so he decided to appease the Loli Goddess before ramping up the difficulty of the next quest.

Astrid frowned but she didn't say anything else. The fact that William had managed to clear the 51st Floor also made her raise her impression of the boy. In her mind, she reluctantly admitted that William had what it took to become her disciple's lover.

The two Gods drank their teas in silence. A minute later, both of them looked at the place where the Cycle of Reincarnation was located.  

Both Gods frowned because they had heard it clearly.  

The shattering of a world, and the destruction of one of the red portals that hung in the sky of the Cycle of Reincarnation.

"That's the Ninth one this Year," Aamon said as he placed his teacup back on the table. "Do those guys never take a vacation?"

Astrid sighed and continued to drink her tea.

"This is the cycle of Death and Rebirth," Astrid said softly. "Even Gods are not exempt from this rule."

Aamon reluctantly nodded his head. This was indeed a part of the cycle. But for some reason, he felt that there was more to this than met the eye.  

The Gods of Destruction had been becoming very active as of late. Although they had faced staunch opposition in every world that they visited, they were still able to perform their duties without fail.  

In this regard, Aamon only had admiration for them. But, deep inside, he also feared them.  

He glanced at his sister, who was drinking her tea in a calm manner. If not for the fact that she was his twin, he wouldn't be able to notice the subtle changes in her mannerism and expression.

Aamon was about to say something, but held back at the last second. He knew that it was futile, so he decided to just keep his feelings to himself.

After finishing his drink, he bid his sister goodbye and returned to his palace in Hell, leaving Astrid alone in her thoughts.

"You can't fight the inevitable," Astrid said softly as she poured herself more tea, "but, the final struggle is still worth watching.. It is at the moment of death when life shines its brightest."







Chapter 673

As soon as William arrived in his room after his visit from Aamon's Temple, he found himself seized by three beautiful girls and kidnapped to the Thousand Beast Domain.

Princess Sidonie had been holding back because she knew that William had urgent things to attend to, but she had reached her limit. Because of this, she decided to take action and invited Ashe and Chiffon to cooperate with him.

Although she was jealous that the pink-haired girl had married William before her, there was nothing she could do about it. The rice had already been cooked, so the only thing she could do was to ensure that the next person that William would marry was her.

For that to happen, she had urged her grandfather, Emperor Leonidas, to publicly announce their wedding and ensure that the Half-Elf wouldn't be able to run away, even if he grew wings!

"Calm down, girls," William said after he was tossed to the bed like a tied up dumpling. "I'm not going anywhere. Let's do this properly, okay?"

Princess Sidonie didn't listen to him and pounced on him after transforming into a succubus. It had been more than a month since her Divinity was suppressed, and she was really at her limit.

Ashe and Chiffon didn't want to be left out, so they joined forces with Sidonie and attacked William, leaving him, and little Will, unable to form any kind of resistance.

A few hours later, the soft sleeping breaths of three beautiful girls permeated inside the room.

Princess Sidonie laid on William's left side and held his arm as she slept. Ashe laid on his right, and was holding his arm as well.

As for Chiffon? She laid on top of William with her head resting on his chest. The little glutton's drool pooled on William's chest as she slept with a satisfied expression on her face.

The Half-Elf was also sound asleep because his girls had squeezed him dry until Little Will fainted due to exhaustion.  

He didn't resist his lovers' advances because he, too, wanted to spend time together with them. There were only a few weeks left before he needed to travel to the Savadeen Mountains, where the Headquarters of the Misty Sect was located.  

Since Aamon had given him a condition, he needed to raise the levels of his Job Classes in the time he had left in order to prepare for any situation.  

He was not aware of how strong Rebecca was, but he was sure that his opponent still hadn't reached the Saint Rank. As long as he wasn't fighting a Saint, William had the confidence to beat anyone in a one-on-one battle… with the exception of his sixth Master, Chloee.

—–

"Relax, with our Sect's treasured artifact, Rebecca will be able to boost her strength up to the Saint Rank in one go," the Sect Master assured the Elders of the sect. "Not only that, Her Excellency, Meredith, has agreed to our request. With her help, Rebecca's chances of winning have drastically increased."

All of the Elders of the Misty Sect nodded their heads. Some of them sighed in relief in their hearts because William's achievements gave them an invisible pressure that made them feel uncomfortable.  

How could they possibly not feel pressured? Their Core Disciple was going to fight against the strongest prodigy of the young generation. All the powerful and influential factions in the continent were now preparing to visit their sect for their Founding Day.

Those that came from far away had started their journey a few weeks ago. This was to ensure that they wouldn't be late to the "entertainment" that they were expecting to see.

More than anything else, the Misty Sect didn't want to be the laughing stock of everyone in the Central Continent. This was something that they had to avoid no matter what!

"What is Rebecca's current rank?" Thea, the Sect Master of the Misty Sect, asked Eleanor.

Rebecca's Master had been paying close attention to Rebecca's progress and she was quite satisfied with her current rank.

"Right now, Rebecca has just broken through the 7th Circle," Eleanor replied. "She's currently stabilizing her rank in preparation for her duel with William."

(A/N: 7th Circle Magician is equivalent to the Adamantium / Centennial Rank. Take note that a mage is stronger than an ordinary warrior. If magicians were to fight with people with the same rank, their chances of winning were extremely high.)

Thea nodded her head. Although it didn't show on her face, she was also satisfied with Rebecca's development.  

There were only a handful of individuals that could reach that rank in her age group, which proved that her magic prowess was truly outstanding.  

"After she has stabilized her rank, hand her the Sect's artifact," Thea ordered. "Teach her how to use it properly, so she will be competent when she uses it in her duel."

Eleanor nodded her head. "Leave this task to me, Sect Master. I will not fail you!"

"As you should," Thea replied crispily. "Failure is not an option. Also, make sure to tell the Wardens to bring thirty High-Grade Snow Crystals, and spread them around the arena. That will strengthen the power of Ice Magic and ensure that Rebecca will have the upper hand."

"It will be done as you command," the Head Warden pledged. "Sect Master, I have a proposal to make."

Thea nodded. "Speak."

The Head Warden smiled as she gave her suggestion. "Since the battle is inevitable, how about we raise the stakes and coerce William to have a bet with us?"

Thea frowned but she still waited for the Head Warden to finish her explanation.

Seeing that everyone's attention was on her, the Head Warden was feeling ecstatic. She had only thought of this idea a few minutes ago, but the more she thought about it, the more appealing it was.

Because of this, she decided to make the proposal to Thea and see whether she would also consider this idea for the Sect's benefit.

"Let's ask him to make a bet with us," The Head Warden said. "If he wins then he can ask our Sect to do three things for him. Regardless of what it is, as long as it doesn't break our morals, we will agree to it.  

"In return, if he loses then he would give us ownership of one of the Floors of Babylon that are currently under his command. Since we are doing our best to ensure Rebecca's victory, why not profit from it as well. What do you think, Sect Master?"

The Elders of the Misty sect were surprised by the Head Warden's boldness. Some of them gasped in shock, while others remained silent, contemplating the pros and cons of her proposal.  

Thea was also moved by the Head Warden's words. Having a floor in the Tower of Babylon was akin to having an ownership of an entire Kingdom. If their Misty Sect could gain ownership of one then their prestige and status would rise among their peers.

"Let me think about this for a few days," Thea replied. "For now, let us end our meeting and resume our duties. I ask the Elders to supervise the preparations so that we won't be embarrassed in front of our guests.

"Head Warden, please, make sure that our security is enough to handle the influx of people and prevent anyone from committing any crimes during their stay. I authorize you to deal with criminals as you please."

The Elders and the Head Wardens nodded their heads before leaving the room. Thea remained behind as she pondered the possibility of owning one of the Floors of Babylon.

She didn't know how strong William was, but she was confident that the preparations they had in mind would be enough to deal with him.  

Somewhere in the Aberdeen Mountains, a Majestic Creature briefly opened its eyes.  

It was the Guardian of the Misty Sect, and a being that had been in the Central Continent for thousands of years.  

After scanning its domain, it once again closed its eyes to sleep.

A powerful blizzard appeared out of nowhere and covered the mountains in a veil of white. For the members of the Misty Sect, the blizzard was a delightful sight.  

To others, this scene was enough to make them tremble in fright. For the one that slept on top of the Aberdeen Mountains was a being of old.. No matter how fierce the blizzard blew, it was not afraid of the cold.







Chapter 674


Chapter 675

After leaving Gilbert's office, William walked towards the boys dormitory. All the students that saw him looked at him with admiration, respect, envy, and jealousy.  

William couldn't stop the corner of his lips from rising due to the attention he was receiving. However, since he was a refined, elegant, and charismatic person, he decided to act humble and pretend that he was not aware of their stares.

As he neared the boy's dormitory, he saw a familiar person blocking his path. Although it had been years since they last saw each other, William could easily identify the delicate looking boy who had once been his roommate when he was still in the Hellan Royal Academy.

William grinned as he walked towards Kenneth and gave him a hug.  

Originally, Kenneth wanted to dodge, but realized that there was no reason for him to do that. In the end, he didn't resist William's friendly gesture, and allowed himself to be hugged.

William's hug lasted only for a few seconds before he pulled back, and looked at Kenneth's pointy ears.  

"So, you are an Elf," William said softly.  

Kenneth nodded and gave William an apologetic gaze. "Sorry for hiding my identity. I had my reasons for not telling you."

"Let's go to my room to talk. There are too many people paying attention to us."

"Okay."

William led the way and Kenneth followed behind him.  

As they walked, Kenneth was paying close attention to William's movements. The Elf could feel a strength emanating from the Half-Elf's body, and his back seemed wider compared to the last time he saw him.

'He looks more dependable now,' Kenneth thought with a smile. 'I'm sure Master will be happy to hear what I have to say when I give her my report.'

After returning to the Silvermoon Continent, Kenneth's Family had ordered him to pay close attention to William. Among the candidates for the Prince of Darkness, William's name was currently at the top.

The Rayleigh Family ordered Kenneth to meet up with William and monitor him at all times. Since William and the Elves had a complicated relationship, only Kenneth was suitable for the job.  

Kenneth naturally didn't reject this offer because William's mother, Lady Arwen, had also tasked him with passing on a letter to William. After the Elves' defeat at the Southern Continent, no one dared to provoke the Half-Elf any longer.

Even the King of the Elves had personally visited Arwen and had a private meeting with her. No one knew what they discussed, but after their talk had ended, the Saintess of the World Tree summoned Kenneth and asked him to personally deliver a message to William.

Also, Arwen insisted that Kenneth should stay by William's side for a year or two. Since this was a request from his Master, the silver-haired Elf had no objection and promised to do as he was told.

After entering the room, Kenneth noticed Ian and a pink-haired girl seated on the couch, holding a golden piglet in her hands.  

The moment William entered the room, Chiffon stood up and walked towards him. William reached out and patted her head before walking towards the couch.

Once he was seated, Chiffon sat on his lap and rested her head on his shoulder. This intimate act made Kenneth frown, but he didn't say anything.

He had seen the tenderness in William's eyes when he looked at Chiffon and Kenneth assumed that the girl was someone important to his friend.

"Sit," William said as he made a gesture for Kenneth to sit on the couch across from him.  

Kenneth sat obediently and stared at Chiffon with curiosity.  

Seeing that his ex-roommate was paying close attention to the young lady in his arms, William decided to make an introduction.

"Chiffon, this is Kenneth. He was one of the officers in my Knight Order back in the Hellan Kingdom," William said. "Kenneth, this is my wife, Chiffon."

Ian, who was seated beside William, was tempted to say that she was his wife too, but decided to keep her silence.  

Unlike William, she didn't trust Kenneth completely, so she had no intention of saying anything unnecessary to the race that tried to invade their kingdom.

Before Kenneth could even say something, a loud knock was heard on the door, which made everyone in the room stop what they were doing.

As William's retainer, Ian stood up and went to the door to see who it was.  

A beautiful lady with sun-kissed skin gave Ian a refreshing smile, which made the latter close the door and lock it completely.

A few seconds later, a series of loud knocks ensued and Lilith's voice could be heard from outside the door.

"Open up! I just want to have a talk with him. Why are you treating me this way?" Lilith asked.

Ian didn't answer and pretended not to hear anything. She then returned to sit beside William as if nothing had happened.

"Who is it?" William asked. He was very curious about the identity of the person that was banging the door repeatedly.

"Just a greedy Amazon," Ian replied. "She's not important."

William only managed to say an "Oh" before shifting his gaze back to Kenneth. Although the red-headed teenager was curious, Gilbert had already warned him about the Amazons, so he decided to put Lilith aside for the time being.

Kenneth had an approving look on his face with how Ian treated Lilith. However, this approving look didn't last long before his gaze shifted once again to the pink-haired girl in William's embrace.

"She's your wife?" Kenneth decided to confirm whether William was just joking with him or not.  

William nodded. "Yes, we got married in the Tower of Babylon."

The reason why William was telling this to Kenneth was because Ashe and Princess Sidonie had already told him that Kenneth was his mother's messenger. Since that was the case, he decided to not hide the fact that Chiffon was his wife.

This way, Kenneth could pass this information on to his mother. William didn't know how his mother would react to the news, but he was confident that once she met Chiffon, Arwen would definitely get along with her.

Kenneth was about to ask another question when the door of the room suddenly fell flat on the floor with a resounding thud.  

"Did you honestly think that a simple door would be able to stop me?" Lilith entered the room with a confident smile plastered on her face. Her gaze landed on William and the smile on her face widened.

"You must be William," Lilith said while appraising the Half-Elf from head to foot. "Okay you pass. Come with me back to the Ares Empire. I will personally give birth to your babies."

The corner of William's lips twitched when he heard the Amazon Princess' arrogant words. This was not the first time that someone had asked for his babies. Princess Sidonie had done the same, but Lilith's words held no room for rejection.

'Another troublesome character has appeared.' William sighed in his heart.  

With the appearance of Kenneth and Lilith, William could already feel that he would once again find himself in a troublesome situation.

He already had many things on his plate, including his battle with Rebecca. He just didn't have the energy to deal with the smug-looking Amazon Princess who thought that she could drag him back to their Empire just because she felt like it.







Chapter 676

"Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Lilith," Lilith said. "I am the Fourth Princess of the Amazon Race. nice to meet you."

Lilith reached out her hand for a handshake, which William accepted.

"William," William replied as he shook Lilith's hand twice before letting go.

Lilith arched her eyebrows as she looked at the pink-haired girl beside William. Since she was one of the Seven Sins, it was quite easy for her to know that Chiffon was one of her "sisters".  

This discovery caught her interest as she re-evaluated William. With a single glance, she could tell that the Half-Elf and the girl who was looking at her with curiosity had a close relationship.  

"Sister, this is the first time we've met," Lilith stated. "May I know your name?"

Chiffon nodded as she introduced herself. "Chiffon Val Gremory."

Lilith smiled. She already knew that Princess Sidonie was William's fiance, and she held the Sin of Lust. What piqued the Amazon's interest was that aside from the lusty Princess, the Sin of Sloth was also an acquaintance of William.

According to Princess Sidonie, Kenneth was a messenger sent by William's mother, Arwen, to pass a message to him. Having two sins around a single person could still be considered a coincidence, but if you add the Sin of Gluttony to the equation it became obvious that William and the Seven Deadly Sins had some sort of invisible link between them.

After her initial statement, Lilith decided to probe further. Right now, William was her ideal candidate. The Half-Elf had good looks, he had good lineage, and the achievements he had were most satisfactory.

Also, for some reason, when she looked at William, she had a strong feeling that she was looking at a very greedy and shameless person. If he also had a domineering personality then he was the Prince Charming she was waiting for!

Lilith held back the strong urge to kidnap William and drag him back to the Amazonian Empire. For now, she decided to know more about him by asking a few questions. Looking at Chiffon, she could tell that the girl looked obedient, unlike Princess Sidonie who was hellbent to kick her out of the Kraetor Empire.  

"May I ask what your relationship with William is?" Lilith asked Chiffon with a smile.

Chiffon didn't even blink when she gave her answer. "I am his wife."

"Congratulations, sister! You found yourself a good man."

"Thank you."

"Can I share him with you?" Lilith asked. "Don't worry. I will not challenge your position as main wife. I just want his genes…"

Chiffon's body stiffened. She then buried her face in William's chest because Lilith's gaze made her feel uncomfortable. The Amazon's eyes were similar to a gold digger who had found her sugar daddy. The moment she locked on someone, she wouldn't ever let go!

William's overprotectiveness kicked in as he hugged his wife. He then glanced at Lilith, and the latter gave him a flirtatious smile and a wink.

"Princess Lilith, sorry but I can't accompany you to the Amazon Empire," William replied. "I have many things that I need to do, and I just don't have any time to agree to your request."

Lilith chuckled. She was already expecting William's rejection, but she wasn't bothered by it. There had been many people who had proposed to her, and even tried to bring her to their own Empires by force, so she could understand where the Half-Elf was coming from.

"Don't worry, it doesn't have to be now." Lilith smiled sweetly. "I know you still have to go to the Misty Sect. I am free right now, so I will accompany you, and watch your battle with your childhood sweetheart."

"She's not my childhood sweetheart."

"Is that so? That's better. The less the love rivals around, the more chances I have to woo your heart."

The corner of William's lips twitched. The Half-Elf always thought that it would always be the guys who chased after beautiful girls. At least, that is what he had read in the stories back on Earth.  

However, here in Hestia, it was the opposite. Princess Sidonie and Lilith were chasing after him.  

"Do you like me?" William asked.

Lilith covered her lips and giggled. "Do you want an honest answer?"

"Of course."

"Okay."

Lilith sat properly and placed her hands over her lap. She then looked at William with a serious expression, her eyes looking straight at him.

"This is the first time we've met, so If you are going to ask me if I like you then the answer is no," Lilith stated. "However, that doesn't change the fact that right now, you are the most ideal candidate to become my partner.

"You have the looks, the talent, the background, and the prestige. Let's not talk about whether you are wealthy or not. Just the fact that you are the owner of several floors of the tower makes you richer than any Prince in the Central Continent."

Lilith leaned back on the couch and crossed one leg over the other.  

"The Amazons are a warrior race. Naturally, we have feelings too," Lilith stated. "However, the majority of us set aside these feelings in order to pave the path for the next generation. Strength and power are the most important things to us, love and other reasons can fight for second place.

"To cut it short, no, I don't love you, but I need you. You are the most ideal partner for me. I don't care if you are married, or how many wives you have. What I need from you is your seed, so I can give birth to the strongest Amazon that will carry my race to a better and brighter future."

William could feel Lilith's sincerity and his impression of her grew by a notch. Even Ian, Chiffon, and Kenneth, couldn't keep themselves from admiring her boldness. While the four people were looking at her in a new light, the seriousness in Lilith's face disappeared and was replaced by a carefree expression.

"Although I said all that, that doesn't mean that I am not immune to love." Lilith eyed William with sparkling eyes. "I am the Sin of Greed. Just looking at you is enough for me to see gold coins jumping up and down. If you and I get married, wouldn't that mean that I'll be swimming in riches? I don't even have to work. I can even retire at the age of twenty!"

William's good impression of Lilith immediately disappeared. He was the type to leech and scam others, but the Sin of Greed was the professional in this regard.

The atmosphere inside the room became awkward, as Lilith stared at William as if he was a sack of gold coins waving at her, practically begging her to take him away.

Before anyone could even say anything to break the stalemate, another person entered the room. She glared at Lilith as if she was a thieving cat who planned to steal her lollipop.

"You've already talked to William, now scram!" Princess Sidonie declared as she stood between William and Lilith.  

Clearly, she had no intention of sharing William with another sinner.. Especially if the sin that they carried was Greed.







Chapter 677

Lilith stared at Princess Sidonie with a smirk. Ever since she had decided to stay at the Kraetor Empire, the Princess of Freesia had been aloof and avoided her like a plague.

However, now that William had returned, Princess Sidonie was like a mother hen protecting her egg from getting snatched by a greedy snake.

The two stared at each other. One was shooting daggers, the other, calm as a lake. After some time, a mischievous smile appeared on Lilith's face as she raised her hand and made a snatching move in the air.

"This is quite beautiful," Lilith said as she admired the item on her hand. "A collar made of Mithril? Such an intricate design. I wonder how much I could sell it for?"

Princess Sidonie's hand immediately moved to her neck. After sensing that the collar was no longer there, she immediately tried to snatch the collar on Lilith's hand, but the latter was quite agile and moved out of the way.  

"Give that back to me!" Princess Sidonie shouted.  

For her, the collar was her connection to William. It was her wedding ring, and an artifact that signified that she belonged to William. For her, it was the most important treasure in her possession and having it snatched away from her made her panic.

"I don't wanna." Lilith stuck her tongue out before sprinting out of the room. Since the door was already destroyed, there was no barring her way from running away.

"Give that back to me!" Princess Sidonie roared as she ran after Lilith.  

The Amazon turned her head and laughed out loud as she ran like the wind. As a warrior, her physical prowess surpassed the Princess', who specialized in schemes and deceit. It didn't take long for her to leave her pursuer in the dust and leave the boy's dormitory.

Suddenly, Lilith's sixth sense warned her that something deadly was coming at her from behind.

The Amazon immediately jumped to the side, just in time to see a purple fireball decimate the place she had been running a moment ago.

Lilith frowned when she saw a beautiful lady whose hair fluttered in the breeze. Two batlike wings flapped behind her back, and two small horns protruded on her head.  

A serpentine tail could be seen dangling behind her back, and her golden eyes were looking at the Amazon Princess with a murderous intent.

'I guess I really angered her this time,' Lilith thought as she looked at the Princess that had unleashed her power without caring about the consequences. 'Still, this is a good opportunity to see how strong she is.'

Lilith's expression became serious as several crystal swords appeared around her. She had also activated her Divinity and was planning to battle Sidonie when a hand pressed on her shoulder from behind.

"That's enough," a firm, yet unyielding voice said. The owner of the voice clearly implied that there was no room for negotiation. It even had a subtle killing intent that made Lilith's heart skip a beat.

Lilith frowned and turned her head. It had been a long time since someone had ordered her around. She wanted to see just who the idiot was who dared to touch her so casually. Those who had tried to do the same to her in the past had already turned into crystal statues.

A pair of clear, light-green eyes met hers. They were calm on the surface, but Lilith saw a glimpse of a storm hidden in their depths.  

A storm that would devastate her if she did something funny.

"The collar," William stated. "Give it to me. That belongs to my lover."

Lilith's first reaction was to brush his hand away, but her battle sense was screaming at her to not do anything rash. William was not releasing an aura or activating any kind of power, but there was an invisible suppression that weighed on her like a mountain.

The Amazon didn't like this feeling. She didn't like being suppressed by others, because she had a rebellious heart. Even her mother, Empress Andraste, had trouble controlling her. However, right now, her intuition was telling her that if she didn't give this handsome Half-Elf the collar in her hands, she would regret it for life.

"… Here," Lilith replied as she obediently passed the collar to William.

William took the collar from her hand and smiled.  

"Thank you," William removed the hand that was resting on Lilith's shoulder.

Immediately, the pressure that had been holding her in place disappeared without a trace. It was as if she was just imagining things.

William walked towards the succubus who was still glaring at Lilith from the sky.

"Come down, Morgana," William said. "It's over. There's no need to escalate the situation."

The beautiful succubus glared at Lilith one last time before descending towards the ground.  

"Darling, she bullied us," Morgana complained.

"It's okay," William coaxed the disgruntled succubus as he gently placed the collar back on her neck. "I love you."

William then kissed Morgana's lips catching her by surprise. The succubus froze for a brief moment before returning William's kiss.  

Several students, who had been alarmed due to the explosion, watched the Half-Elf and the beautiful Princess kiss without a care in the world.

The girls' felt their cheeks redden because for them, William was the most popular teenager in the continent right now.  

The boys, on the other hand, wanted to curse out loud and swap places with William.

Bruh, if you want to kiss then go find a room and kiss. Can't you give us single people any mercy? We want that kind of action, too!

Sensing that more people were gathering around the surroundings, William was the first to back off. He then lightly pinched Morgana's cheek before whispering something in her ear. The latter had already undone her transformation, so no one was able to see her succubus form.  

She then gave Lilith the grin of a victor before dragging William away with a big smile on her face.

Lilith watched this scene with a calm expression on her face, but deep inside her heart, a storm was raging.

She placed a hand over her chest in order to help calm her wildly beating heart. Several complicated emotions stirred in her being. There was surprise, anger, and jealousy, but what confused her was the feeling of being dominated.  

Lilith had long joked with her mother that she wanted to have a dominating man that could conquer her heart, body, and soul. However, these were just mere words because she didn't believe that such a man would appear in her life.

For some reason, Lilith felt scared. She was afraid because, in that brief moment when William's hand was on her shoulder, she felt powerless. It was as if her power had abandoned her, and it made her feel weak, alone, and exposed to the world.

It was a very unnerving feeling and it made her feel insecure.  

After calming her emotions, she left the scene with hurried steps and headed towards the residence where she had been staying in the academy.

William's voice and gaze still lingered in her mind. A part of her wanted to scream and repel the fear and weakness in her heart. The other half wanted to explore these new feelings that were making her feel unstable.

She believed that once she understood what these feelings meant, she would be able to break free from her current realm, and soar to greater heights.  

"William Von Ainsworth," Lilith muttered.. "You jerk."







Chapter 678

Lilith tossed and turned from the bed. She was unable to sleep.

The incident that happened a few hours ago was still fresh from her mind.

"The collar. Give it to me. That belongs to my lover."

Everytime she closed her eyes to sleep, she would hear William's voice.

She would see William's face.

She would see that smile, that made her heart skip a beat.

Lilith knew that she wasn't in love with William. She was as certain of that as the fact that the sun would rise up from the East when she woke up in the morning.  

"There is something wrong with him," Lilith thought as she hugged her pillow. "I am a strong warrior. However, just a few words from him were enough to make me feel fearful. This is unheard of."

Lilith thought long and hard about why she had that reaction to William during that time. She could still remember his eyes. Those clear eyes that stared at her was something she wouldn't forget.

There was power within their depths, and although they were clear and bright, the Amazon could have sworn that she had caught a glimpse of darkness inside them.  

After tossing and turning for another hour, she sat upright on the bed, closed her eyes, and meditated.  

Several minutes later, she found herself in a place surrounded with glittering treasures. It was a treasure house that held immeasurable wealth that seemed to have no end.

In the center of it all was a golden throne. There sat an ethereal beauty with long blonde hair, and golden eyes that looked back at Lilith in a teasing manner.

"Come, My Daughter," the Goddess raised her hand in a welcoming gesture. "What troubles you, My Dear?"

Lilith didn't give the lady any reply. Instead, she ran towards her and buried her head in the Goddess' bountiful chest.

The blonde beauty chuckled as she patted Lilith's head. She didn't say anything else and simply allowed her daughter to regain her calm.

"Godmother, what do I do?" Lilith asked as she looked up at the Goddess with uncertainty. "I think I made a blunder."

"It's about that boy, William, right?"

"Yes."

Mammon, the Goddess of Wealth, smiled as she lovingly pinched Lilith's cheeks.  

"You don't have to worry about him," Mammon said with a smile. "He's a shameless bastard whose greed knows no bounds. If he was born a girl, there is a high chance that he might have been born with the Sin of Greed, and not you."

Lilith pouted. She knew that Mammon was just teasing her, but she still felt an ache in her heart because there was really a high possibility that William might have taken her place if the Half-Elf had been born a girl.

Mammon giggled as she looked at the pouting Amazon in front of her.

"What's wrong? He's just a Half-Elf," Mammon commented. "Don't tell me that my daughter can't even beat him black and blue before dragging him to your bed. You're losing your touch, Lilith."

Lilith frowned. "For some reason, I have a feeling that I can't use force when dealing with him."

"Haven't you always used force to get your way? Why change your tactics now?"

"Because he is different. He's not like the other boys I've met before."

After regaining her calm, Lilith finally understood why she held complicated feelings towards William. It was because the Half-Elf's achievements were so high.  

Lilith was the tournament Champion. She should have held the title of the strongest prodigy in the world, but just one Divine Announcement was enough to make all of her efforts become lackluster.

Deep inside, Lilith was unresigned to this kind of treatment. She wanted to be the one who was in control, especially in a relationship. In the past, Lilith had vowed that she would only mate with a person that was stronger than her. Someone who could beat her in a direct confrontation in order to gain her recognition.

However, after experiencing the tournament, her arrogance grew. Although she had met several strong opponents, of them were her match. This feeling of incompleteness made her think that there wasn't a single person who could match her prowess.

That was, until she had met William.

Even so, she didn't love him.

Sure, she had a good impression of him, and could even say that she was attracted to him to a certain extent, but that was all. He was the most ideal partner among the young generation. It was this belief that made Lilith wait for him in the Kraetor Empire.

However, after discovering that several members of the Seven Deadly Sins had a connection with William, she felt that something was extremely unusual. In the history of the continent, there had never been someone that was able to gather more than two members of the Seven Sins to their side.

Among the Seven Deadly Sins, Greed was the most sensitive of all. Lilith had felt the mark of Lust, Gluttony, Sloth, and even one more sin on William's body, which caught her completely by surprise. If she added herself in the equation, there would be Five Sins that were already in William's faction.

"He's a dangerous person," Lilith said while looking up at her Patron God. "He's collecting the Sins of the World."

"You're right. He's a greedy little bastard." Mammon nodded her head in agreement. "This is why I like him. So, what do you plan to do? Are you still going to choose him as your mate? Or will you look for another?"

Lilith sighed. "I think I'm overthinking things. Sloth is just a friend of his. Also, I still don't know if that silver-haired Elf is really a boy or a girl. He's a weirdo, that's for sure."

Mammon giggled. There was a tacit agreement between the Gods of the Deadly Sins. Since all of them were in the same faction, there were times when they could work together to achieve a certain goal.

However, there was still the rule of privacy, and they were not allowed to share the private life of their daughters to others.  

Mammon was well aware of Kenneth's circumstance. Even if she loved her own daughter, there were some secrets that she couldn't share with her.

"Lilith, I have a suggestion," Mammon said while patting Lilith's head. "For now, settle your dispute with the Maiden of Lust."

"But, she's annoying," Lilith stated. "She's nothing more than a b*tch in heat, so I decided to teach her a lesson. I just didn't expect that Lord William would interfere."

The corner of Mammon's lips curled up. "Lord William? You're already calling him your Lord?"

"Everyone is calling him Sir or Lord." Lilith shrugged. "I just decided to follow the trend. That way, I will leave a good first impression."

Mammon arched an eyebrow. "And, did you succeed? Did you give him a good impression?"

Lilith quieted down. She wanted to say yes, but the earlier incident made her unsure. Deep inside, she was regretting giving into her impulse and stealing Princess Sidonie's collar. She wasn't expecting that it was very important to the Succubus Princess, to the point that she would attack her like a rabid dog.

Lilith always thought that Princess Sidonie was merely using the collar on her neck as an accessory. Like a trinket that she could toss aside on a whim. While she was aware of the tradition of the Kraetor Royal Family, she thought that it was simply a farce.

Who would want to wear a slave collar? Only fools would do that. Losing your freedom, and having someone have control over your life was a scary thing. Lilith didn't want to be shackled. She didn't want to be tamed, or domesticated.

Her pride and dignity wouldn't allow it.  

She wouldn't allow it.  

The Amazon Princess closed her eyes to recall the Succubus' expression when William returned the collar to her neck.

As someone who was sensitive to the emotions of other people, she was able to feel Princess Sidonie's relief, happiness and, to a certain extent, her love for William.

For a brief moment, Lilith imagined what it would be like to have Sidonie's collar on her neck. Would she have the same expression on her face?

Lilith didn't know the answer, and she was not interested in becoming William's slave to know the answer. She was an Amazon Warrior.  

If she wanted something, there was only one way to get it, and that was to fight for it.







Chapter 679

William's return to the Kraetor Empire had spread far and wide. Several high-ranking nobles had decided to visit the academy to form connections with him.

Emperor Leonidas and Evexius had ordered Gilbert to ban these nobles from entering the academy in order to not create a commotion. They had already talked to William and the latter agreed to hold a conference at a later date to discuss his experiences in the Tower of Babylon.

Of course, The Emperor, and the Grand Archmage had pestered William to tell them the full account of what happened in the 51st Floor. When the two men heard the Half-Elf's story, both of them looked at him in admiration.

However, there was one big problem and that was his marriage with Chiffon. In truth, Emperor Leonidas had no problem with it. In fact, he was even happy for the pink-haired girl.

Chiffon's mother, April, was once Emperor Leonidas' close friend. If not for the fact that his family had firmly warned him not to take her as his lover, things might have taken a different turn. Unfortunately, there were no If's, and the news of April's death had saddened him greatly.

His concern was mostly due to Chiffon's background. Her father held a very high position in the Demon Continent, and he might not take the news of her marriage lightly.

'Well, it doesn't matter,' Emperor Leonidas thought. 'Chiffon's happiness is more important than Luciel's anger.'

Emperor Leonidas was not afraid of Luciel's retaliation. If that darned demon really wanted to settle his accounts with him then the latter needed to leave the Demon Continent first. Knowing Luciel's attitude, he wouldn't dare leave his territory anytime in the future.

The politics in the Demon Continent were complicated. Some were even thinking of staging a civil war to overthrow his reign. Because of this, Luciel didn't have the time nor support to recruit sufficient manpower to threaten the Kraetor Empire.  

'Still, I need to marry Sidonie to him as soon as possible,' Emperor Leonidas thought. 'A month after his battle at the Misty Sect should give us enough time to prepare. I just pray that the Amazon Princess will not get in the way…'

Since Lilith was Empress Andraste's daughter, and a guest in their Empire. He needed to give her some face.  

'I just hope she won't do anything stupid like kidnapping William and dragging him back to the Amazon Empire,' Emperor Leonidas mused. Although this possibility was slim, the possibility still existed.

After having a lengthy talk with William, Emperor Leonidas and Evexius returned to the Royal Palace to make the necessary preparations.  

—–

"This is a bit troublesome," William muttered after he finished reading the handwritten letter from his mother, Arwen. "I'm one of the possible candidates to become the Prince of Darkness?"

After the defeat of the Elven Army, all the families that had been involved in the attack suffered severe repercussions from the Elven Council.

The Elders that belonged to these families were kicked out from the Council, and were banned from entering for the next five hundred years. Elves may have a long lifespan, but the loss of political power was a heavy blow to these families.

Also, it would take tens of thousands of years before these Elven Clans would be able to regain their peak strength. The reproduction of Elves wasn't as fast as the human race, and they had lost a lot of people in this war.

This made William the mortal enemy of these families, but of them dared to seek revenge. They had already seen what William was capable of. If not for the fact that he had spared the Elven Women, the number of survivors might have only numbered in the hundreds.

Still, that didn't mean that the Elves would not keep an eye on him. As someone that was a candidate to become the Prince of Darkness, William was a lethal threat to their continued existence.

"Are you the Prince of Darkness?" Kenneth asked with a serious expression.

William snorted as he carefully stored Arwen's letter. "Prince of Darkness? As if."

"Big Brother, Prince of Darkness sounds cool," Chiffon said with a smile.

"Then, would you be my Princess of Darkness?"

"Un!"

Kenneth sighed as he shook his head helplessly. He could tell that William wasn't taking things seriously. Even so, he sincerely wished that William wasn't the Prince in the prophecy. Even though the Elves were currently afraid of antagonizing him, at the first sign of him turning into the prophesied Prince, they would throw all caution into the wind and unite to kill him.

William had a carefree expression on his face, but deep inside he had his doubts. When he was young, he had once fought side by side with Est, Ian, and Isaac at the Test of Courage.

Back then, he had been forced to activate the power of the collar of Wisteria. This allowed him to use the Prestige Class, Prince of Darkness, for a short period of time. William would be lying if he said that the possibility didn't exist, but he wasn't too worried about it.

His mother was the Saintess of the Elven Race. Even though he didn't get along with the Elves, that didn't mean that he would wish for their demise.  

"Don't worry, I am not the Prince of Darkness," William said firmly. "I mean, do I look like an edgy character?"

"Yes." Kenneth nodded. "Very edgy."

The corner of William's lips twitched as he looked at his old roommate.

Bruh, there are some things that you shouldn't say.  

Did you forget the time that I poked your face while you were sleeping in our dormitory room?

William sighed and sat down on his desk. He ignored Kenneth for the time being and started to write a letter to reply to his mother. Aside from Arwen's warning, she also told him that the King of the Elves would send a delegation headed by the Elven Princess, Princess Eowyn, to find him in the future.

The purpose of their visit was to mediate, and fix the rift between William and the Elven Race. This was the King's own way to atone for his inability to stop the war in the Southern Continent.

After writing his letter, he sealed it up properly and handed it to Kenneth.

"Send this message back to my mother," William said. "Also, send her my regards when you go back to the Silvermoon Continent."

Kenneth accepted the letter and frowned. "I will send this letter back to Master, but who told you I was going back to the Silvermoon Continent?"

"You're not?"

"No."

This time, it was William's turn to frown. He thought that Kenneth was only here as a messenger, and would return to the Silvermoon Continent after he received his reply. Looking at the expression on Kenneth's face, he could tell that the latter wasn't lying.

"Then, what are your future plans?" William asked.

Kenneth smiled as he crossed his arms over his chest. "Master told me to watch over you and ensure that you don't get into trouble. The Amazon Princess had already set her eyes on you, so she is bound to make her move soon. Don't worry. As long as I'm around, you'll be safe from her clutches."

William scratched his cheek as he stared at the delicate looking elf in front of him. He was very tempted to tell Kenneth that he had lost the battle against Lilith, so his words didn't sound too convincing.

Of course, for the sake of world peace, the Half-Elf didn't say his thoughts out loud.. He could only sigh in his heart because of his unusual relationship with the members of the Seven Deadly Sins.







Chapter 680

William was busy adjusting the power of his Flame of Purification, while tossing things inside the Yin Yang Cauldron.  

Today was the day that the Grand Conference would be held inside the academy. This Conference would be attended by Emperor Leonidas, as well as the high-ranking members of the nobility of the Kraetor Empire.

Of course, there were some special guests like the Ambassadors of the different Empires, Kingdoms, who wanted to see the Legendary Half-Elf who had accomplished the impossible.

In truth, William had no intention of meeting them face to face. Because of this, he decided to craft a special potion called the Phony Juice Potion.  

After seeing that the concoction is almost finished, William summoned a small dagger in order to take a drop of his blood to add to the potion. This was the first time that he made this potion, so he was looking forward to its effects.

A few minutes later, the potion was finally done. He scooped it inside a vial and shook it properly.

"Looks good," William said with appreciation.

—-

< Phony Juice Potion >

"What were you expecting, Pumpkin Juice?"

– Anyone who drinks this potion will transform into a perfect replica of the person whose blood is added to the potion.

– The effect of the transformation will last for an hour.

—–

"WIth this, I won't have to personally go to that conference." William chuckled evilly. "I'm a genius!"

Because of Kenneth's and Lilith's presence in the academy, William decided to lie low and hide in the Thousand Beast Domain. Right now, he wanted to challenge the Dungeon of Atlantis, and raise the level of his Job Classes.

The Half-Elf didn't want to use his Einherjar Job Class as much as possible because of the risk of losing his memories. Although his past life was tragic, it was filled with wonderful memories, so he didn't want to lose them.

"Do they really think that just because they wanted to see me, any Dick, Tom, and Harry can just come to the academy and demand my presence?" William snorted. "This Sir is busy. I have no time for socializing!"

The three Phony Juice Potions in his hand glowed in a golden light. Clearly, they were high-quality potions, and William was very proud of himself for succeeding on his first try.

"Now I just need to find some test subjects, I mean helpers, and I'll be free." William smirked before leaving the alchemy room.  

Albert, William's no-good Fifth Master, was sleeping on the couch. Just a single glance was enough to tell William that his Alchemist Master had a colorful night because of the strong scent of womanly perfume on his body.  

After discovering that Wiliam had already arrived at the academy, Albert had tried to drag him to the red-light district a day ago to have some fun. It was his way of celebrating William's coming of age, and even declared that he would shoulder all of the expenses.

It was quite unfortunate that Chiffon, Ian, Princess Sidonie, and Kenneth were with him when Albert showed up. Because of the deathly stares that were directed at Albert's body, the Alchemist decided to make a strategic retreat and went to the Red Light District without William.

William left Albert's residence and hurried back to his dormitory room. The Conference would be happening in two hours, and he wanted to escape as soon as possible.

Currently, Princess Sidonie and Ian were doing something together. Kenneth and Lilith had been given VIP seats in the conference room, so they weren't around for the time being.  

After Lilith's and Princess Sidonie's incident, the Amazon Princess didn't show herself in front of William again. He didn't know if Lilith was only lying low for the time being, or the latter had completely given up on him.

In any case, William preferred to stay as far away from the greedy Amazon as possible. One look at Lilith and William could tell that she, him, and James, were the same type of people. If James were to see Lilith, the old coot would definitely ask her the question.

"Are you perhaps one of my long lost granddaughters? I can tell that the blood of bandits runs deep in your veins."

William chuckled at this thought. He had thrown all responsibilities to James and left the Tower of Babylon. He didn't feel guilty doing so because he knew that James had come to the tower for the sole purpose of guarding their family's possessions.

As long as the old bandit took the helm, no other bandits would be able to even touch a single gold coin from their family's purse. In fact, these bandits would even lose their own money if they dared to come within his reach!

"Welcome back, Big Brother," Chiffon greeted William as soon as he entered the room.

William planted a kiss on her cheeks before handing her one of the potions in his hand.  

"Chiffon, I need a favor," William said. "Look for someone smart, and trustworthy in the Thousand Beast Domain and let them drink this. This potion is called the Phony Juice Potion. Anyone who drinks it will transform into me for an hour.  

"Take the 'fake' me to the conference room, and let him answer the questions of the nobility. I will go to the Dungeon of Atlantis to play a bit. After the conference is over, you can come and join me."

Chiffon obediently nodded her head.

"Look for someone smart, and trustworthy. Bring them to the conference room to answer questions," Chiffon repeated William's words. "Leave this to me, Big Brother. I won't let you down!"

"I know you won't." William patted her head lovingly before disappearing. He didn't want to take any chances, so he decided to leave while he still could. If Emperor Leonidas or Evexius suddenly came knocking on his door, it would be too late to escape then.

Chiffon looked at the potion for a while and pondered for a bit.  

"Someone smart, and trustworthy…," Chiffon muttered.  

A few seconds later, she made up her mind and called for one of the smartest, and trustworthy friends she currently had.

"B1, come!" Chiffon said.

Immediately, a portal appeared and a red bird flew out of it. After encircling the room once, B1 landed in front of Chiffon and looked at her with curiosity.

"B1, I need your help." Chiffon started to explain William's errand to him and the bird nodded its head in understanding.  

"You looked for the right person, i mean, right bird." B1 used its right wing to pat its chest with confidence. "This is a piece of cake to me."

Chiffon smiled and nodded her head. She praised herself for choosing the right bird for the job.  

—-

Two hours later…

The conference room was already crowded with people. Nobles, students, professors, and other influential figures had gathered to witness William's interview.

Emperor Leonidas and Evexius were also there to show their presence, and give their support to William.

Gilbert scanned the crowd, and decided to start the interview session. He rose from his seat and stood on the platform to address everyone in the room.

"We are gathered here today to witness the birth of a Legend," Gilbert said. "A student of our academy had done the impossible, and he had agreed to come here today to answer everyone's questions. Without further delay, allow me to present to you, William Von Ainsworth!"

A thunderous applause followed his announcement, and cheers erupted from the crowd.  

It was also at that moment when a handsome Half-Elf walked from the backdoor of the conference room. William waved and smiled at the crowd, which made the cheering louder.  

Princess Sidonie, Ian, Kenneth, and Lilith were seated at the front row seats and eyed the red-headed teenager who had a smug expression on his face.

"William" didn't pay any attention to them and headed to the raised platform. He was wearing a princely black uniform, and it highlighted the color of his hair and eyes. Some of the girls squealed when William entered the room.

The Half-Elf glanced at the girls and gave them a playful wink which made them giggle in their seats. These exchanges didn't escape the high-ranking nobles of the Kraetor Empire and their plan of honey-trapping William was reignited in their minds.

After a while, the applause ended, and the Half-Elf nodded his head in acknowledgement

"Good day everyone," William said with a devilish smile on his face. "Nice to meet all of you…  

"You filthy Motherf*ckers."







Chapter 681

"Nice to meet all of you… You filthy Motherf*ckers."

The once lively conference room immediately quieted down after hearing William's words.

Princess Sidonie, Ian, Kenneth, and Lilith looked at William in confusion. The same could be said for Emperor Leonidas, Evexius, and Gilbert. They never expected the Half-Elf to give such a "strong" opening greeting to the people who had come to see him.

Only Chiffon, who was seated beside Princess Sidonie, looked calm. She even had a smile on her face as she softly patted Bacon's head, who was resting on her lap.

"Shall we start the interview?" William asked. "I'm a busy person. I will appreciate it if you F*ckers don't waste my time."

The corner of Gilbert's lips twitched. As the Headmaster of the Academy, he felt embarrassed because he had spread the news that William was the most talented student under his wing.  

He even said that the Half-Elf was very polite and respectful to other people. Now that the bastard was spouting profanity left and right, he felt that he was about to have a migraine.

Gilbert had no choice but to diffuse the situation and stood beside William.

"William is still a little tired from his journey," Gilbert said. "Forgive him for being cranky. I forced him to have an interview."

William snorted as he gave Gilbert a sidelong glance.

"At least you know that you were the one in the wrong," William replied. "Next time, don't bother me with this nonsense."

Gilbert smiled as he placed his hands behind his back. He was afraid that if he didn't clasp them together, he might slap the red-headed teenager silly for being a stupid wingman.  

Boy, what the f*ck?  

How could you do this to me, bro?

I'm doing this for you, you ungrateful bastard!

The Headmaster of Silverwind Academy was starting to regret hosting the conference. If he only knew that William would be this snarky, he would have just stayed in his office and done paperwork.

"Any questions?" William asked.

In the second row of the conference room, a pretty lady in her early twenties raised her hand.

William nodded his head and made a gesture for her to ask her question.

"According to what I heard, the 51st Floor has been known to be unconquerable. Sir William, how did you manage to clear it?" the pretty lady asked.

This was the question that had been on everyone's mind, and they were dying to know how the handsome Half-Elf had been able to overcome the impossible.

"The 51st Floor is indeed a very difficult floor to clear," William answered. "The Guardian of this Floor had broken the taboo and actively tampered with the trial. Anyone that had stepped on this floor would be besieged by countless bloodsucking creatures.

"Once they were reduced to a weakened state, the Guardian would then use his authority to forcefully take their consciousness into a dreamworld. In that illusionary world, the person's greatest fears, sadness, loneliness, and other negative emotions will be magnified until they were overcome by their Heart Devil."

William paused for a moment to help the listeners digest the information he had given them. When he felt that the time was right to continue, he finished the rest of his explanation.

"Once the heart devil reached its maturity, that person became a lifeless puppet and his heart would be eaten by the Guardian.," William explained. "The stronger the person, the more power the Guardian was able to absorb. Belial, the Guardian of the 51st Floor, intended to break the shackle that bound him to the floor.

Although I am not a hundred percent certain, I believe that he wanted to escape the tower and become an Overlord in the Central Continent. Fortunately, I arrived and prevented his plan from succeeding."

The listeners were shocked by William's narration of the events that had happened in the Tower. Because of this, their impression of William rose to a higher level, and they had already forgotten the profanities he had hurled at them earlier.

"Thank you for answering," the pretty lady smiled sweetly. Suddenly an idea came to her head. She knew that her chances were slim, but she still decided to give it a try.  "Sir William, you are my idol! Can I have your babies?"

William flipped his hair before raising his chin arrogantly.  

"B*tch, fall in line like everyone else." William snorted. "The number of girls that want to have my babies are as numerous as the stars in the sky. Wait for your turn."

Instead of being intimidated, the pretty lady even winked back at William. She didn't mind his arrogant behavior. In fact, she loved it! Several beautiful ladies inside the conference room even used this opportunity to give William some flirtatious glances.  

Clearly, they didn't take William's words to heart. Strong individuals had the right to become arrogant, and for them, the handsome Half-Elf had the qualifications to be arrogant.

"Next question," William scanned the crowd. "I don't have all day."

Another person raised his hand, but this time, it was a First Year Student of the academy.

"Those who manage to clear the unconquered floors of the tower become the owner of that floor, am I right?" the First Year Student asked.

William nodded. "That's right."

"Then, how come you became the owner of the other floors as well? The world-wide announcement even said that the previous families were exiled from the Tower. What exactly happened? Is this a special privilege that you got from conquering the 51st Floor?"

While the First Year Student was asking his question, William was busy combing his hair and looking at the mirror. This act made the corner of Princess Sidonie's, Ian's, and Kenneth's lips twitch.

They knew that William was narcissistic, but they didn't expect him to be this carefree during an interview, where there are countless eyes looking at him.

Lilith raised an eyebrow as she eyed the red-headed teenager in front of her.  

Perhaps it was only a coincidence, but William seemed to have sensed Lilith's gaze and glanced at her direction. Although he didn't say anything, his expression was saying. "What are you looking at, B*tch?"

Before Lilith could even react to William's contemptuous stare, the Half-Elf shifted his attention to the First Year who had asked him a question.

"There is no special privilege," William answered. "Those ruling families were kicked out of the tower because I didn't like how they treated the challengers of the Tower. It was one thing for the challengers to fail, but those who did were captured and turned into slaves.  

"I don't tolerate slavery and human traficking. Since that is the case, I blackmaile–, negotiated with the Guardians and had them expelled from the Tower. Those Motherf*ckers had it coming to them the moment I conquered the 51st Floor."

"I see, thank you for the answer," the First Year said with a look of admiration. "Sir William, you're my Idol as well. Once I graduate from the academy, I wish to be as amazing as you."

"Well, it doesn't hurt to dream." William nodded. "Although you can't be as handsome and as amazing as me, you can still fight for second place. Don't be like Prince Jason, that b*tch is a no-good bastard that only knows how to covet the wife of others. Don't be like him. He is a disgrace to the Kraetor Empire."

Fortunately, Prince Jason wasn't in the conference room and was saved from William's slander.  

Unfortunately, the rest of the members of the Royal Family were there, including Princess Vanessa, who was glaring daggers at William for throwing dirt on her beloved's name.

Even the smile on Emperor Leonidas' face stiffened because of William's disregard for the member of the Royal Family. In the end, he just sighed in his heart and turned a blind eye to the Half-Elf's words.  

The Emperor knew full well that Prince Jason was indeed in love with Princess Sidonie. However, he couldn't allow his feelings to come to fruition.  

Now that William's fame had traveled far across the land, the Emperor had also become firm in his decision to marry Princess Sidonie to the Half-Elf whose prestige couldn't be ignored.

Several more questions were asked, and William answered them with eloquence. Of course, he would insert a few profanities here and there, but after a few rounds of snarky replies, everyone had already gotten used to it.  

The reason why B1 was able to answer all the questions properly was due to the fact that he was Chiffon's Beast Companion.  

They shared a connection and were able to talk to each other via telepathy. Chiffon provided the answers, and B1 twisted it to his own language.  

If only William was there to see the dumb bird ruin his reputation, he would have definitely summoned a lightning bolt and ended the blabbermouth for spouting profanities left and right.  







Chapter 682

A deafening screech echoed in the enclosed battlefield on the 70th Floor of the Atlantis Dungeon, announcing the arrival of the Boss Monster, Scylla.

This monster was a ten-meter-tall giant, with six heads, and twelve dangling tentacles like those of an octopus. Five of its heads were made up of water serpents, and the middle body was made up of a beautiful woman with dark-blue hair.

Her bloodshot eyes gazed down on William as she uttered another deafening screech that created a shockwave in the surroundings.

"My goodness! This girl has anger issues," Elliot said as tendrils of lightning snaked around his hands.

The angelic skirt chaser was an offensive type familiar. He specialized in long range attacks using lightning bolts, while his counterpart, Conan specialized in defense.  

Conan had already summoned his deathscythe and floated in front of William. His role was the "tank" of the group, and a fearless smile was plastered on his face.

"Kekeke." Conan chuckled. "Come, our battle will be legendary."

Both of William's Familiars were now at the Centennial Rank. William had almost maxed out the Familiamancer Job Class. He was confident that after this boss battle was over, he would reach the Max level of his newest Prestige Class.

Erchitu, Kasogonaga, Psoglav, Mohawk (leader of the Cercopes Monkeys), Jareth (the Goblin Paladin), Xerxes (Hobgoblin Arcane Witch Doctor) and Dazz (Goblin Warmonger) took their positions around William.  

The Half-Elf was in the middle of the battle formation and had his arms crossed over his chest. He was busy appraising Scylla, and checking the information of the Boss Monster that was surrounded by the dozen Millennial Sea Serpents that served as her guards.

—–

< Scylla >

— Boss Monster

— Cursed Sea Nymph

— Threat Level: SSR (Low)

— Myriad Beast  

— Cannot be added to the herd

– There was once a beautiful sea nymph who captured the heart of the God of the Seas. However, a jealous witch turned her into a monster that preyed on sailors crossing her territory.

– Her powerful tentacles could easily crush a ship and bring it into the murky depths of the sea. When angered, she releases an ear piercing shriek that paralyzes her opponents with the Fear Status, and weakens their mental resistance against mind affecting spells.  

– This monster's attack deals an additional 30% damage if its opponent is a male.

—  

"What a pitiful monster," William said before putting a chocolate lollipop inside his mouth.  

The effect of the chocolate lollipop was Willpower [EX]. This was the perfect counter to Scylla's abilities because it gave them immunity against Fear, and high resistances against spells that affect the mind.

Due to William's skill, Herd Immunity, all the buffs and resistances he had would automatically be acquired by his Herd and King's Legion.

Except for Elliot and Conan, all of William's party members were already at the Millennial Rank. They looked at the Bodyguards of the boss fearlessly, while leaving the main dish to the Half-Elf who was leader of this dungeon raid.

"Let's go," William ordered as he charged towards the Boss Monster with Elliot and Conan flying on his left and right side.

Erchitu, Kasogonaga, Psoglav, Mohawk, Jareth, and Dazz ran behind him and all of them were looking forward to a great battle.

Scylla raised her trident and several magic circles appeared around her. A few seconds later, contracted water blasts shot out towards William and the rest of his party. The power of the attack was equivalent to the impact of a bullet train.

"Kekeke! Leave this to me– hey!"

William hurriedly grabbed Conan's body and dodged to the side. Although the familiar specialized in defense, the Half-Elf knew that he wouldn't be able to take a full-powered magic spell fired by a Myriad Beast.

"Conan, don't face her magical attacks head-on," William ordered as he freed the familiar whose face was suffering from injustice. "You've already died once when you tried to block the water spear of the Water Dragon on the 60th Floor. Don't take your chances when fighting a Myriad Beast."

Conan patted his chest with confidence as he flew beside William. "Don't worry. I learned my lesson earlier. My plan is to just deflect the attacks and not face it head-on!"

William glanced at the confident looking familiar and decided to give him a chance. His purpose of fighting in the Dungeon of Atlantis was to raise the level of his Familiamancer Job Class, and build his teamwork with Elliot and Conan.

Since the Familiamancer Job Class was now a permanent Job Class that was placed in his second subclass slot, he would be able to summon Elliot and Conan without switching classes.  

The battle became heated as both sides clashed.  

William waved his hand and several ice spikes jutted out of the ground, moving towards Scylla. The Myriad Beast was unperturbed and easily dealt with the threat by a single wave of her trident.

William pressed his palms together and activated the skill Icycle Realm, covering the entire battlefield with shards of ice, which briefly slowed the movement of the Boss Monster and her minions.

William wanted to get close to the monster, but the six serpentine heads of Scylla were not just for show. They continuously sprayed William with water attacks that were strong enough to instantly kill a Class A Monster.

The Half-Elf was currently using his Ice Wizard Job Class. He hadn't given this Job Class much attention after acquiring the Elemental Lord Prestige Class. Currently, the Ice Wizard was stuck at Level 30, and there were still twenty levels before the Job Class was maxed out.

He intended to upgrade this Job Class to the next level in order to fight Rebecca in the duel that would be happening soon. Although Aamon had restricted him from jumping to the Saint Rank, he didn't think much about it.

As long as his Job Classes had reached their max levels, William was confident that he could take whatever Rebecca threw at him.  

William and Scylla had exchanged several long range attacks, and were currently at a stalemate. Even though Elliot was firing lightning bolts left and right, the Boss Monster was a tough cookie to crack.

Even though the angelic familiar was dealing continuous damage, alongside William, the boss' tankiness was able to endure their attacks without problems.

"Here it comes!" Conan saw dozens of magic circles appearing around Scylla and prepared to deflect the attack that William wouldn't be able to dodge.

Conan had the skill Calculus and Tactician, which allowed him to do quick computations inside his head. This was a very crucial ability for the Defender Job Class because it would allow them to take the optimal position to block, or deflect attacks in the battlefield.

Just as he expected, William was able to dodge most of the attacks, but was still susceptible to getting hit.  

"Hah!" Conan shouted as he summoned several shields that deflected the attack to the side.  

Seeing that he had successfully accomplished his mission, the Devil Familiar laughed, but it was short-lived.

"F*ck! Who was the bastard that attacked me from behind!" Kasogonaga roared in anger. "Come and fight me, you coward!"

If not for the fact that its battle instincts had kicked in, warning it from the danger coming from behind him, Kasogonaga might have been hit by the water ball that Conan had deflected earlier.  

Conan lightly coughed as he pretended not to hear his teammates' complaint. It was an honest mistake, and they were in the middle of the battle, so he decided to apologize to the rainbow-colored anteater after the battle was over.

The battle continued, and William's party members were able to reduce the number of Millennial Sea Snakes that were guarding Scylla. The Boss Monster had also lost one of her heads after Wiliam unleashed several Glacial Lance, when Elliot and Conan gave him the perfect opportunity to unleash this deadly barrage at close range.  

"I had forgotten how tough it is to fight against a Myriad Beast when I'm not using Heroic Avatar and the Einherjar Job Class," William muttered as he panted for breath.  

He had long gotten used to fighting with the power of a Saint, so it was hard when his attacks didn't have enough power to deal heavy injuries to an opponent that was several ranks higher than him.

The Heroic Avatar allowed him to jump to the Peak of the Saint Rank. This was the very first Trump Card he had obtained after his second visit to the Temple of the Gods.  

Sun Wukong's strength had paved the way for his victory on the battlefield during the Elven Invasion. If not for its short duration, William would have been able to fight unhindered in the battlefield. Currently, this was the strongest Trump Card available to him at this point in time.  

The Einherjar Job Class, on the other hand, allowed him to fight at the initial stages of the Saint Rank. The only advantage of this class was its ability to create perfect replicas of himself, which gave all of them the power of a Saint in its initial stages.

During his battle against Bellial and Chloee, William had used his skill, Heroes of Valhalla, to create thirteen copies of him. That was equivalent to thirteen saints that wielded Legendary Weapons, which allowed him to gain the upperhand against stronger enemies.

"Well, I guess this is fine as well," William said with a smile. "This is the perfect training for my upcoming battle at the Misty Sect."

The Half-Elf skated around the battlefield by freezing the floor under his feet. He knew that Rebecca specialized in Ice Magic, so he was familiarizing himself with different tactics that he could use to use her specialty to his advantage.

'I wonder how the conference went,' William thought as he dodged another long range spell from the Boss Monster. Although he felt a little guilty about pushing the responsibility to others, he really didn't want to be tied up socializing with other people at this point in time.

For the time being, he had decided to dedicate his time to training in the Dungeon of Atlantis for his upcoming battle. He was confident that his dependable wife, Chiffon, would choose the right candidate to attend the conference for him.

Setting thoughts of the conference aside, William focused on fighting the boss monster in front of him, while observing Elliot's and Conan's teamwork.  

He was quite surprised that both of them were able to perform coordinated attacks, alongside his own, giving him opportunities to land a devastating blow on his opponent at the right moment.

William was confident that, given enough time, his two Familiars would also step into the Millennial Rank, which would make them more powerful.

Although they were still a far cry from his Sixth Master, Chloee, William was still happy because he had gained two dependable partners that would make his life more colorful.  







Chapter 683

< Ding! >

< Gained Exp: 1,200,000 >

< Congratulations! You have slain a Millennial Beast! >

< You have acquired Millennial-Grade Beast Core! >

—–

< Gained Exp: 1,200,000 >

< Congratulations! You have slain a Millennial Beast! >

< You have acquired Millennial-Grade Beast Core! >

—–

< Gained Exp: 1,200,000 >

< Gained Exp: 1,200,000 >

——-

< Ding!

< Ice Wizard has increased a Level! >

< Gained Exp: 1,200,000 >

< Gained Exp: 1,200,000 >

< Familiamancerhas increased a Level! >

< Gained Exp: 1,200,000 >

< Gained Exp: 1,200,000 >

——

William heard several notification sounds inside his head, but he ignored all of them. He was currently unleashing a barrage of attacks on the Boss Monster alongside Elliot, and Conan.  

Erchitu, Kasogonaga, Psoglav, and the rest of William's party members fought against the Millennial Sea Serpents and killed them using their impeccable teamwork. These three were already buddies for a long time, so their teamwork had also taken form.

As long as Kasogonaga didn't go out of line, their combined strength could make anyone below the rank of Demigod feel constipated.  

William's role was to deal with the Scylla and prevent her from reinforcing its subordinates. Although he was able to keep it at bay, the Boss Monster wouldn't be going down anytime soon.  

The Boss of the 70th Floor had a strong regenerative ability like a Hydra. Even the damage that William had dealt to one of its heads had recovered in less than a minute.  

"Mine and Elliot's damage are not enough to beat this Boss," William thought as he created an icicle bridge in the air to evade Scylla's AOE attacks. "I'll just wait for the others to finish fighting against the mobs. It will not be too late to gang bang this boss later."

Even though William couldn't kill the boss with his current strength, the Scylla was not able to hurt him either.  

As someone who had fought against Myriad Beasts, and Pseudo Demigods, the Half-Elf was no longer an amateur when it came to fighting against strong opponents. Since Aamon had told him that he couldn't jump ranks in his battle with Rebecca, he decided to take his training seriously.

"Gaah!"  

Conan slammed on the wall after blocking an attack that was meant for William.

Elliot immediately took the front and unleashed a barrage of lightning bolts that were aimed at the Scylla's eyes, which made the Boss Monster take a step back, and prevented her from continuing her follow up attack.

"Conan, are you hurt?" William asked using telepathy.  

The Devil Familiar flew out of the wall and smiled. "I'm not hurt! That attack wasn't even enough to scratch me!"

"… Right," William replied as the corner of his lips twitched.

Conan's nose was bleeding, and blood was seeping at the corner of his lips. Clearly, he was not alright, and was merely acting tough in front of William. The Half-Elf could see his Familiar's stats so it was very easy for him to tell that Conan was at his limit.

—-

< Conan >

Health Points: 2,185 / 20,000

Mana: 120 / 200

—–

"Heal!" William pointed his finger at Conan, and the latter's body shone.

As a Familiamancer, he had the ability to heal his Familiars during battle. This allowed them to battle continuously even if they took continuous damage from the enemy.

—–

< Conan >

Health Points: 8,185 / 20,000

Mana: 120 / 200

—

William used two more healing spells on Conan before the latter's health was filled up. After it had regained his vigor, the Devil Familiar charged into battle with a fearless laugh and helped Elliot deal with the Boss Monster, whose subordinates had now been completely wiped out.

"I'm Rolling!"

Kasogonaga's adorable shout spread across the room. The two-meter tall wrecking ball slammed on the side of Scylla's body, pushing it a few meters from where it stood.

"Together!" William ordered and his team encircled the Boss Monster on all sides.

Scylla's tentacles lashed out in every direction, sending Erchitu and Jareth slamming towards the wall of the dungeon.  

William was very agile, so it was very easy for him to dodge the Boss Monster's attack, but Erchitu and Jareth were not agile enough to evade the powerful tentacles at close range. Scylla screeched in anger, because she was now being besieged in all directions.

Xerxes fired several debuff spells at the screeching monster in order to weaken it. After its evolution, the Hobgoblin Arcane Witch Doctor had learned Multicast, which allowed it to fire multiple spells at the same time.  

This made Xerxes a powerful magical turret that could both damage and curse its enemies using the spells on his arsenal. Similar to Psoglav, it could now create a doppelganger of itself, making it a force to be reckoned with on the battlefield.

Eight floating Spectral Hands, unleashed Void Arrows, Contagions, Deadly Venoms, and Confuse Rays, simultaneously. It didn't take long before Scylla was drowned out by this unholy barrage that made her continue to lose her edge, while being besieged by William's party.

Dazz uttered a warcry as it cleaved one of the tentacles that was holding Psoglav in a crushing embrace. The Demonic Dog fell on the ground with a thud.

"Thanks Dazz, I owe you one," Psoglav said as it wiped away the blood that had seeped out at the corner of its lips.  

Dazz only grunted and resumed hacking away at the Scylla's body. Although the time that it had spent with the other monsters in the Thousand Beast Domain was short, it didn't shy away from interacting with them.

The Demonic Dog summoned two black swords and hurled them at one of the Serpentine Heads that was about to unleash another water blast, preventing it from unleashing its deadly attack.

Slowly, but surely, William's team hacked away the Boss Monster's health. Half an hour later, five of the Serpentine Heads were destroyed, and Scylla's main body was bleeding all over.

Seeing an opportunity, William created an icicle bridge, propelling himself towards the Boss Monster's head. He was holding a crimson spear in his hand and its tip glowed bloody red. Scylla uttered a scream of defiance, but her reaction time was too slow to block William's finishing blow.

"Go for the kill!" William roared. "Gaebolg!"

William threw the spear with all of its might, embedding it on Scylla's forehead. A pained shriek echoed inside the dungeon as several red lines, similar to a spiderweb, spread across the Boss Monster's body, with the spear at its center.

A few moments later, the Boss Monster's body erupted in a fountain of blood and collapsed with eyes filled with unwillingness.

William and the others didn't lower their guard and continued to attack the fallen monster, until a series of notifications appeared in his status page, confirming that the boss had finally died.

——

< Gained Exp: 25,900,000 >

< Congratulations! You have slain a Myriad Beast! >

< You have acquired Myriad-Grade Beast Core! >

< Special Monster First Kill Bonus Exp: 10,500,000 >

< Ding! >

< Ice Wizard Job Class has reached its Max Level! >

< Would you like to advance to the next Job Class? >

< Yes / No >

< Ding! >

< Familiamancer Job Class has reached its Max Level! >

< This Job Class needs to undergo the Progenitor Ceremony before advancing to the next class. Until then, the Job Class Advancement will be put on hold. >

—–

William panted as he wiped away the sweat on his forehead. Although Scylla was only at the initial stages of the Myriad Beast Rank, it was still a very tough opponent to beat.

"With this, I can now upgrade the Ice Wizard to Ice Sovereign," William thought. "The advancement of the Familiamancer Job Class will have to wait until I visit Celeste at the Hestia Academy. For now, I will focus on the Ice Sovereign and upgrade it to its max level."

While William was checking his status page, Psoglav, and Kasogona hurried to the Scylla's body and started to look for its Beast Core.

The Demonic Dog stabbed Scylla's head and pried it open, while Kasogonaga dug into Scylla's chest to try its luck.

Usually, the core of monsters appear in its head or chest. Since the scavenger duo wanted to reach a higher rank, they shamelessly took the initiative to look for the Myriad Core in order to consume it as soon as possible.

"Haha! The core is mine!" Kasogonaga's adorable and triumphant voice could be heard from the Boss Monster's chest which made Psoglav's expression turn pale.

"Dammit!" Psoglav cursed. "What rotten luck!"

Kasogonaga happily bit on the core and ate as fast as it could. The rainbow-colored anteater knew that the Demonic Dog was petty, so it didn't dare to show it off because there was a high chance that Psoglav would steal it.

In order to reach its former rank, the Deity of the Sky ate like a hamster until its cheeks were all puffed out.  

William could only shake his head helplessly at this development. Fortunately, the system's reward was automatically sent inside his storage, so he didn't have to worry about the two beasts fighting for the Myriad Core.

"Let's go back," William ordered. "Tell the Angray Birds to scout the 71st Floor first before you let anyone explore it. It is better to be safe than sorry."

Erchitu and Jareth nodded their heads. They were William's Commanding officers and were in charge of the deployment of beasts in the Dungeon of Atlantis.

Unlike the Angray Birds that could respawn after getting killed, the other monsters didn't have this ability. This was why, everytime a new floor was unlocked, they would send the Rainbow Birds to scout, and record the strength of the monsters on the floor, before allowing the exploration teams to enter.

This prevented senseless deaths from happening, and kept William's herd, and legion, at its top fighting condition.  

"With this, I am only thirty floors away from conquering this Dungeon," William mused. "I need to step up my game, while waiting for my father's acquaintance to unlock the full power of the Dungeon Conqueror Job Class. Once this Job Class is unlocked… I will be able to raise an army that will not fall short from Malacai's Undying Legion."

His agreement with Malacai was nearing its end. Soon, the Dracolich would be able to shatter the shackles that bound him.

William wasn't sure what changes would happen once the Lord of the Undead was free to roam the world of Hestia, but he wasn't too worried about it. He had already made a deal with the Dracolich, and the latter had made an oath to uphold it.

Deep inside, William felt that Malacai wasn't a bad person. He didn't know why he felt this way. The only thing he knew was that although Malacai and the undead army looked imposing, they were still the army that protected the last bastion of humanity, Avalon.

Due to this, William was willing to give them the benefit of the doubt.







Chapter 684

After his boss battle, William returned to the Thousand Beast Domain, just in time to see Chiffon chatting with B1, B2, Bacon, and Sharur.  

The moment B1 saw William, the dumb bird made an excuse to leave and flew away like there was no tomorrow.  

The Half-Elf didn't find this odd as he approached the pink-haired girl who had a sweet smile on her face.

"How did the conference go?" William asked as he gave Chiffon a hug.  

Chiffon hugged William back and rested her head on his chest.

"The conference went well," Chiffon replied.

William smiled and patted her head. "That's great. Who did you choose to take my place?"  

"B1!" Chiffon replied in a heartbeat.

The smile on William's face stiffened as beads of sweat appeared on his forehead. He didn't expect that Chiffon would choose B1 as his replacement.  

'System, I believe I told Chiffon to look for someone smart, and trustworthy, right?'

< Yes. >

William used all of his willpower to prevent his face from twitching as he continued to brush Chiffon's long-and silky hair with his hands. He liked how smooth it was, but the feeling of dread overcame his feelings of appreciation.

"Um, did B1 say anything out of place?" William inquired. Chiffon's answer would determine whether or not he would eat roasted bird tonight.

Chiffon shook her head. "No. B1 did an amazing Job."

"Is that so?"

"Un!"

William glanced at Sharur, but the mace started whistling on the side. A few seconds later, it transformed into an arm guard and flew towards Chiffon's wrist. Clearly, it didn't want to meddle in the troubled waters.

Left with no choice, William decided to seek the answer from a trusted source.

'Ashe, how did the conference go?' William asked through telepathy. This was the only way to confirm the suspicion he had in mind.

'How did the conference go? It was perfect,' Ashe replied with a hint of sarcasm in her voice.

'How perfect is perfect?'

'You cursed everyone inside the conference room, including the Royal Family. I know you were brave, but I didn't know you were THAT brave.'

The beads of sweat that were forming on William's head was now a river flowing freely. Having a dumb bird barbecue was a very good choice!

Ashe's giggle could be heard on the other side of William's consciousness. After the conference, Princess Sidonie had asked Chiffon if the one speaking on the platform was really William.

Naturally, Chiffon didn't lie and told them that it was B1. Princess Sidonie and Ashe were not surprised by this answer because, aside from the Rainbow Birds, there was no other creature in William's forces that had the audacity to curse everyone until their fifth generation.

'For now, don't show your face in the academy,' Ashe advised. 'Emperor Leonidas, Evexius, and Headmaster Gilbert are out for your blood. It will be best to let their anger simmer down for the time being. Seriously, why did you choose B1 to become your representative? There were so many other candidates.'

William felt an upcoming headache. He bid Ashe goodbye and asked her to keep her eyes, and ears, open for any rumors that would spread in the next few days.  

THe Half-Elf knew that he couldn't blame Chiffon because for her, B1 was smart and trustworthy. Although the dumb bird was truly trustworthy, its habit of badmouthing and cooking up trouble for William was top tier.

William pulled Chiffon close to him and gave her a kiss on the lips. The moment the pink-haired girl closed her eyes. William immediately summoned Stormcaller and Gaebolg and instructed them to skewer the bastard bird that made life difficult for him.

The two sentient weapons flew towards the dumb bird's location and, after a minute, a loud explosion was heard inside the Thousand Beast Domain. It was the sign that B1 had detonated which made the itch in William's heart lessen by a bit.

He planned to skewer the dumb bird everyday, after it respawned, for an entire week until it learned its lesson!

—–

Back in the Tower of Babylon…

Several envoys appeared on the 51st Floor bearing gifts for William. Since the Half-Elf wasn't there, it was James who shamelessly accepted the gifts on behalf of his grandson.  

The old scammer allowed the representatives of the different factions in the Central Continent to enter the Floor of Asgard because this was also what William wanted. The old and the young bandits wanted to add more valuables to their family's treasury, so they decided to accept the bribes, and whatever the guests wanted to give them.

Since the powerful factions were giving these treasures for free, who were they to reject them?

Accepting gifts was fine, there was nothing wrong with it, but if they wanted to get their hands on their family's property, all of them could just keep dreaming!

"Your Excellency, James, the Ares Empire is willing to negotiate for the rights of ownership of one of the floors of the tower," one of the Elders of the Amazon Race said with a smile. "If possible, we would also like to invite his Excellency, William, to visit our territory for a few days.  

"This year, we have many warriors that have reached adulthood. Our race would be very honored to give birth to Lord William's daughters."

James rubbed his chin in contemplation. "William only gave me the authority to govern over this floor, so I can't help you in acquiring rights for the other floors. As for my grandson visiting your territory, I will do my best to convince him. I always encourage him to give me more great grandchildren to hold."

Almost everyone that stood at the peak of the mortal realm had heard about the Amazon Race. There were even powerful warriors who would often visit the Ares Empire, in order to sow their seeds without needing to worry about taking responsibility.  

The Amazons didn't care whether their children had a father or not. All of their daughters were raised with love by the entire tribe, so they didn't lack in love and affection. For them, a man's only role was to give them their seeds. Whatever happened to them afterwards was of their business!

Of course, there were also Amazons who decided to only have one partner for life and have a family together. Empress Andraste wasn't so shortsighted to prevent these kinds of relationships. The only thing that wouldn't change was the hierarchy of their empire.

Only women were allowed to hold positions in the government. Even Empress Andraste's current partner, didn't dabble his hands in politics and spent his life at home like a proper house husband.

"It's good that we can reach an agreement, Your Excellency," the Elder of the Amazon race commented with a happy expression. "Don't worry. I swear upon our Goddess Astarte that we will take good care of His Excellency William's daughters. This is a win-win for everyone."

James nodded. "Indeed. It is a win-win for everyone."

The old coot was even thinking of ways to tie up William and toss him to the Amazon Empire to play around for a few days. As long as their lineage prosper, he wouldn't mind helping the Amazons squeeze William dry!

The delegations of the other Empires, and Kingdoms in the Central Continent cursed under their breath. They were also thinking of using Honey Traps in order to lure the walking bag of riches (William) to their homeland.  

After James had accepted their gifts, the old man only pretended to listen to their proposals and set them aside. No matter what kind of offers they made, James would always say the same excuse "I have no authority over the other floors. If you want to negotiate, go find my grandson."

This answer made everyone's liver itch.  

If we could find your grandson, do you think we would be humbling ourselves before you?

Know your place, you old fart!

The business minded people that came with the envoys had a different thought in mind. They approached James and gave their proposals to him.

"Your Excellency, we are willing to open our business on the Floor of Asgard," a good looking merchant said with confidence. "In less than a year, several challengers will enter this floor to start the trial to ascend to the 52nd Floor. Our Blackstone Trading Group is willing to invest heavily in your domain."

"Us, too! We would like to invest and set up shops on the Floor of Asgard."

"Your Excellency, if possible, we would also like to secure a piece of land for our merchant shop."

All of the merchants knew that the 51st Floor would become the most visited place a year from now. This would be the floor where the challengers would congregate, and it was the perfect place to set up a business.  

Only fools would let this opportunity pass.

So what if we can't take over the other floors? As long as we can rent the best places to set up a shop, we are the winners of this trip!

James listened to their proposals and nodded his head. As a statesman, he understood how important trade was.

'Having more merchants means more taxes.' James smiled evilly. 'More taxes means more money. William has already told me to accept all proposals and let them bid for the prime locations on the Floor of Asgard. We will definitely make a killing before the 52nd Floor even opens.'

James laughed in his heart. He knew that it was a good idea to come to the Central Continent to help William, and allow the resources of their family to grow.  

He was confident that with his scamming skills, he would be able to make all the parties bleed until holes started appearing in their pockets.  

'I wish I'd brought Eve with me,' James sighed as he thought about his cute granddaughter who was currently undergoing Oracle training in Lont.  

Aside from William, and the wandering Morgan, there were only three Ainsworths currently in the Central Continent.  

Suddenly an idea came to his head and he sent a mental message to Ezio in order to give his trusted subordinate an order.

'Find my son, Morgan and bring him here,' James ordered. 'He has been wandering outside for many years. It's time for him to share the burden of our Family as we make our presence known here in the Tower.'

'As you wish, My Liege,' Ezio replied and disappeared from the Tower of Babylon.  

Morgan had always liked his freedom, so James allowed him to travel to his heart content. However, William's battle with Rebecca was less than two months away.  

James planned to let Morgan guard the Floor of Asgard, while he traveled to the Misty Sect to support his grandson.  

Also, his old acquaintances would be there, and it would be a good opportunity to have a reunion. It was the perfect place to brag about his grandson's achievements and make the old foxes spit blood out of jealousy.

More than anything else, James wouldn't let an opportunity like this pass.. As long as he could make his old friends suffer, he would be about to laugh without any guilt in his mind.  







Chapter 685

(Disclaimer: This Chapter contains mild R-18 scenes. If you are not comfortable reading this kind of setting, feel free to skip this chapter.)

Princess Vanessa arrived at the Whispering Wind Tavern and found Prince Jason drinking alone in one of the rooms that were reserved for the Royal Family.

She happily went to his side, and offered to pour drinks for him. Prince Jason sighed and agreed to her request, which made the Princess very happy.

The conference had ended a few days ago and she was still feeling the aftereffects of "William's" cursing. She had already had a bad impression of the red-headed teenager from long ago. Now, her impression of him had hit rock bottom.

She was also secretly happy that her grandfather, Emperor Leonidas, Evexius, and Gilbert were angry at William. The princess was hoping that the three great men of the Kraetor Empire would teach the Half-Elf a lesson and bring him down a peg.

"How did he clear the 51st Floor?" Prince Jason asked. He didn't go to the conference because he knew that he wouldn't be able to stop himself from feeling envious and jealous of the Half-Elf's achievement.

Ever since he had lost against Lilith in the Tournament of Champions, Prince Jason had felt inferior to William and didn't want to see him face to face. He thought that with the help of Aamon's Artifact, he would emerge as the Champion and finally be able to show the world that he was way better than the Half-Elf who had become Princess Sidonie's fiance.

Princess Vanessa placed the bottle of wine back on the table as she narrated everything that William had said about the 51st Floor.

The more Prince Jason heard about the trial of the Devil's Floor, the more he felt that the distance between him and William was growing.

While the Prince was deep in his thoughts, Princess Vanessa went to get another bottle of wine for her beloved because the previous one was already empty. Since Prince Jason was not focused on her, she secretly slid a fast acting pill into the wine and gave the bottle a brief shake before returning to the table.

She then poured the wine on her cousin's mug, and the latter drank it without much thought.

An hour later, she noticed that her beloved's cheeks were already flushed and his breathing had started to turn ragged.

"I, think it's… time… for me to go back," Prince Jason said with difficulty. His thoughts were in disarray and he was starting to feel hot and bothered. It was at this point that he realized that his cousin had spiked his drink, and his reasoning was starting to fade away.

Knowing that she had succeeded, Princess Vanessa pressed her body against her cousin's body, allowing her fragrance to further confuse his senses.

"Big Brother, forget about that country bumpkin Princess. I will give you my heart, body, and soul, so take me, and enjoy me to your heart's content," Vanessa whispered. Her voice was filled with temptation and seduction.

She was secretly thanking William for leaving her cousin in his current depressed state. If Prince Jason was at his peak state, even she had to think thrice before trying to spike his drink. Since she had already succeeded, Princess Vanessa decided to take the initiative and claim her cousin as her own.

Princess Vanessa firmly held Prince Jason's hand and took him to the bedroom.

(A/N: The rooms that were reserved for the Royal Family in the Whispering Tavern have their own bedroom where they can rest after drinking until they get wasted.)

Soon, the sounds of ragged breathing and rustling of clothes echoed inside the room. Prince Jason did his best to hold on to the little bit of sanity inside him, because he knew that once he crossed the line, it would be difficult for him to get out of the current situation.

Unfortunately, Princess Vanessa came prepared. Aside from the pill that he had added to the wine bottle, the fragrance and the lipstick she wore were specially made to befuddle someone's senses.

This three pronged attack made Prince Jason's struggle futile. Princess Vanessa kissed him passionately over and over, until Prince Jason's final shred of resistance snapped.

The proud Prince of the Kraetor Empire had finally fallen and was completely at the Princess' mercy.

Even though it was her first time, there was no hesitation in her mind. She was the one that straddled Prince Jason and offered her maidenhood to him. Just like a priestess offering a sacrifice to her god, blood was spilt and it dyed the bed sheets with the color of her innocence.

"You're finally mine," Princess Vanessa whispered in Prince Jason's ears. She didn't care if her cousin was not in his normal state of mind. This had been her goal for a very long time, and the feeling of conquest made her feel that she had everything under her control.

She surrendered herself to the pleasure and moved her hips without pause. It was as if she was yearning for something. Something that would bind her beloved to her and prevent him from slipping from her grasp.

Soon, she heard a low grunt, and something hot and powerful spurted inside her. For a brief moment, her mind went blank due to the feeling of euphoria that grasped her body.

As she panted for breath, she looked into Prince Jason's eyes which seemed to have recovered a bit of their sanity.

"I love you," Princess Vanessa said as she looked straight into his eyes. "I have loved you for a very long time. I know you don't love me, but I don't care about that. Even if you don't want to take responsibility, I will not say a word. However, tonight, make me yours. Make me feel what it's like to be loved, even if it's fake."

Princess Vanessa's almost pleading tone reached Prince Jason's ears, and a complicated emotion flickered inside the depths of his heart.

After pouring out her feelings, Princess Vanessa hugged Prince Jason's neck and once again moved her hips.

Once was not enough.

She wanted to feel him more.

She wanted to take his everything.

It was at that moment when a sigh escaped Prince Jason's lips.

Suddenly, Princess Vanessa felt a hand draw her head to rest against his chest, while Prince Jason's other arm wrapped around her waist, holding her in place.

Soon, a powerful thrust made her cry out loud. Her body shuddered as Prince Jason started to take the initiative and explore her depths.

Princess Vanessa didn't resist and allowed the storm to wash over her. Their roles were reversed, and now, she was the one that was completely at his mercy. The princess' young, and lithe body was pressed over Prince Jason's strong and powerful chest, accepting everything that he was willing to give her.

A few minutes later, both of them reached the peak and Princess Vanessa's body shuddered uncontrollably. She felt like fainting, but she held on using her willpower and bit Prince's Jason shoulder, drawing blood.

As the two of them panted for breath they once again stared at each other's eyes.

Several heartbeats later, the sound of kissing spread inside the room.

This time, Princess Vanessa tasted its sweetness. It was no longer a one-sided kiss, but a kiss that both of them shared.

As a tear slid down the side of her face, the Princess of the Kraetor Empire finally felt at peace.

Although it was only a fleeting happiness, her heart, and body, was satisfied. Not long after, she fell asleep. Prince Jason looked at the sleeping princess' face for half a minute, before he, too, closed his eyes to sleep.

-

Prince Maximilian sipped the wine in his glass and looked at the moon outside the balcony. His room was right beside Prince Jason's. A few hours ago, he ordered the manager to close the tavern and chase out the remaining guests.

Simply put, he had reserved the entire tavern for the night in the name of the Royal Family. The manager didn't dare to reject his order and reluctantly closed his business to accommodate the Royal Family.

"Congratulations, Vanessa," Prince Maximilian said softly. "Although it was only for a night, you were able to realize the dream that you have chased for so many years."

A complicated sigh escaped Prince Maximilian's lips. This was the only thing he could do for his family. Although he and Prince Jason were always at each other's throats, the Crown Prince was someone that could see the bigger picture.

Prince Maximilian didn't want to admit it, but he felt very jealous of Prince Jason. He had seen how devoted Princess Vanessa was, and sometimes Prince Maximilian wondered what it would be like to have a beautiful lady pine after him, the way Princess Vanessa did for Prince Jason.

"I have given you another chance, Jason," Prince Maximilian muttered. "If you still throw this opportunity away, don't blame me for making my move."

The Crown Prince drank everything in his wine glass and went back inside to sleep. He had guarded the two of them while they were busy calling the birds and the bees. Now that their lovemaking was over, it was time for him to leave.

Whatever happened when morning came, he didn't give a hoot. He had already played his part, and he had played it well. However, he still needed to report this to his grandfather to prepare for any contingencies.

Although the adults already knew Princess Vanessa's feelings for Prince Jason, the aftereffects of their union would still require the power of the Royal Family to keep it under wraps.

"It's hard to be a good person," Prince Maximilian shook his head as he left the Whispering Wind Tavern. "I wonder how William is able to keep his relationships with his lovers in order."


Chapter 686

A week after William's conference in the academy had ended…

Inside the thousand Beast Domain, a red egg started to crack. The bird inside it didn't come out right away. Instead, it took a peek at its surroundings to ensure that the coast was clear.

After seeing that nothing seems out of the ordinary, it broke the egg shell completely and spread its wings wide ready to fly.

At this exact moment, a whistling sound reached its ears, and B1 could only utter a single word before William's spear, Gaebolg, descended on him.

"… F*ck."

An explosion sounded in the thousand Beast Domain, but no one paid too much attention to it. Even the other Angray birds, that were currently taking a nap at their nest, didn't react at the explosion of one of their kind.

For the past few days, everytime B1 would respawn, one of William's weapons would stab it to oblivion. This was William's revenge for B1 slandering his good name.

-

th Floor, Dungeon of Atlantis…

[ Ice Sovereign has increased a Level! ]

A three meter frozen crab shattered to pieces in front of William. He had been fighting inside the dungeon for the past nineteen days in order to raise the level of his Ice Sovereign as fast as possible.

Three days inside the Dungeon of Atlantis was equivalent to a day in the outside world. Since he decided to lie low for a week due to B1's escapade, the level of his Job Class had increased drastically.

"Level 31…," William said softly as he looked at his status page. "69 more to go before I max out this Job Class."

Ice Sovereign was the last Transcendance Job of the Ice Mage class. It was one of the most powerful Job Classes wielding the Ice Element, which was perfect for his battle with Rebecca. Although William had the Prestige Class, Elemental Lord, it was a job that offered flexibility, instead of dealing massive elemental damage.

The only powerful attack that he could use using the Elemental Lord Job Class, was the World End Tempest, but this ability only worked when he was in his Einherjar Form.

If he wanted to beat Rebecca on her home turf, upgrading the Ice Sovereign to its max level would definitely give William the opportunity to use the territorial advantage on his side.

While he was deep in thought, Chiffon tugged his shirt.

"Will, I haven't seen B1 for the past few days," Chiffon said. "What kind of mission did you give him?"

After a lot of coaxing from William, he was finally able to convince Chiffon to call him Will, instead of Big Brother. Although he didn't mind being called Big Brother by his adorable wife, he believed that it wouldn't be good in the long term.

Chiffon also understood this, so she did her best to change the way she addressed William. Now that she was already married to him, she no longer felt the feeling of insecurity that came when she thought that she was going to be left alone to fend for herself again.

"Don't worry, that dumb bird will be back in a few days," William replied with a smile. "I'm sure that B1 will also be happy to see you."

William patted Chiffon's head while sneering in his heart. Since he was connected to his Sentient Weapons, he knew that the slanderous bird had once again turned to an egg.

Ashe, who was standing beside them was doing her best to keep the smile on her face from twitching. She wasn't as gullible as Chiffon and knew that William was mercilessly punishing the vulgar bird for what it did at the conference.

"I never thought that the 72nd Floor would be this difficult," Ashe commented after looking at the frozen Centennial Crabs around them.

A dozen Centennial crabs attacking at the same time was more than enough to wipe out a party of Adamantium Ranked Fighters. Even though she had experience in fighting against opponents that were beyond her current strength, she still found it strenuous to be ambushed when she least expected it.

"Indeed." William agreed.

His current strength was now at the Adamantium Rank, but the monsters' synchronized attacks was truly a very challenging matter to face head on.

Not only were their shells very tough, their claws were as hard as steel as well. However, that was not the only issue. The Ravaging Crimson Crabs could fire an endless barrage of powerful Hydro Canons that were enough to annihilate anyone below the Adamantium Rank.

If not for the fact that William had strong helpers, he might have been overcome by their long-range attacks, while limiting himself below the threshold of the Saint's Rank.

Right now only Chiffon, Ashe, Elliot, Conan, Kasogonaga, and Jareth (Goblin Paladin) accompanied William on his dungeon expedition.

Erchitu, Psoglav, Xerxes, Dazz, and Mohawk were currently undergoing a breakthrough in their ranks. They were currently in the Magic Crystal Cavern of the Thousand Beast Domain, and were waiting patiently to be promoted to a higher rank.

This group of Beasts that had followed William to the upper floors of the Dungeon of Atlantis had an all you can eat Beast Core buffet, which greatly increased the speed of their evolution.

It was only a matter of time before William would have a team of Beasts that were at the Peak of the Millennial Rank.

Kasogonaga was only half a step away from becoming a Myriad Beast, but that small step would still take him a while to cross. Thanks to Scylla's Myriad Beast Core, the Deity of the Sky was slowly regaining its strength.

William hoped that after a year or two, Kasogonaga would regain his power as a Demigod.

The Half-Elf chuckled internally at the thought of ferocious monsters running away whenever they heard the rainbow-colored Anteater's adorable catchphrase "I'm Rolling!".

William glanced at the frozen crabs and raised his hand. He then snapped his finger, and all the crabs shattered into hundreds of pieces.

At that exact moment, Kasogonaga happily rummaged through the frozen chunks of ice to look for the Centennial Cores. Since its competitor, Psoglav, wasn't around. The rainbow-colored Anteater took its time to dig out its precious cores, while humming a tune.

——

Name: William Von Ainsworth

Race: Half-Elf

Job Class: Quick Shot Shepherd (Level 30)

Sub Class: Ice Sovereign (Level 31)

Second Sub Class: Familiamancer (Max)

-

'Having three Job Classes sure comes in handy,' William thought as he led the way to the path that would lead them to the next floor.

Elliot and Conan flew several meters in front of him and acted as scouts. The two Familiars had finally gotten used to fighting together with William, and the three of them had a silent agreement about the roles that they would play on the battlefield.

William had also equipped Chiffon and Ashe with new Job Classes, namely the Zen Master, and Morpher Job Class.

Chiffon was a Brawler, and the Zen Master was the Monk Job Class' second form. With this great boost in close combat abilities, the pink-haired girl's lethality in fighting against Centennial Beast showed her amazing battle prowess.

Morpher, on the other hand, was the combination of the Elemental Lord and Runemaster Job Class. This Class could allow its user to Morph into a Greater Elemental and deal devastating damage to the target.

William was pleasantly surprised when this Job Class was unlocked after his Elemental Lord reached its Max Level.

Wendy did a good job in raising the level of the Runemaster Job Class when William was still in the Southern Continent. Because of this, William decided to let Ashe use the power of this never before seen Job Class and see its power first hand.

When Ashe took the form of a four-meter-tall Greater Elemental, the composition of her body would turn into the element of her choosing. The results of real battle tests were quite impressive, and even William was tempted to use this as a Trump Card in the future.

After fighting for several more hours, William decided to stop their advance and return to the real world. He had been away for a week and felt that now was the right time to re-emerge in the academy.

Although fighting non-stop made him stronger, it was also very tiring. Because of this, he decided to take a few days off from the Dungeon, and gather information about what was currently happening in the Central Continent.

Also, Princess Sidonie had told him that Kenneth, and Lilith, had been pestering her, looking for William's whereabouts. In order to prevent his beautiful fiance from throwing fireballs at them, the Half-Elf decided to confront these two people.

Although he didn't know what the two were thinking in their heads, he believed that all three of them could come to a compromise and not make things difficult for everyone involved.


Chapter 687

"Prince Jason and Princess Vanessa left the academy?" William frowned as he held the beautiful princess of Freesia in his embrace.

"Yes," Princess Sidonie replied. "They left two days ago. According to Grandfather, he sent the two of them to inspect the different outposts of the Kraetor Empire. But, I feel that there is something more to this news than meets the eye."

Princess Sidonie hadn't seen Prince Jason and Princess Vanessa since the day the conference was held. The two had disappeared from the eyes of the public, and even their close friends were not notified by their departure.

William closed his eyes and pondered, while patting Princess Sidonie's, long, reddish-brown hair. The Prince of the Kraetor Empire and him had never been on good terms with each other since he had placed the Collar of Wisteria on Princess Sidonie's neck.

The Prince had also provoked him several times, which almost led to a brawl between the two of them. The Half-Elf knew that Princess Vanessa was dead set on Prince Jason. As someone who was also on the receiving end of such intense love, William admired the feisty Princess of the Kraetor Empire.

Deep inside, he wished that Princess Vanessa would succeed in putting a collar on Prince Jason's neck, so that the latter would leave him alone. Now that both of them were gone, William didn't have to put any extra effort in dealing with Prince Jason's schemes, which had started to become annoying.

"I guess I should visit the Temple and pray for Princess Vanessa's success," William said with a smile. "It never hurts to have the Gods on your side."

Princess Sidonie smirked, but didn't say anything else. She already knew what William was thinking, and she, too, wished for her cousin's success.

"I would greatly appreciate it if you don't treat us like air," Lilith commented with annoyance. "You asked us to come here, and all you've done is publicly show your affection to each other. Are you that bored with your life?"

Kenneth, who was seated a meter away from Lilith, could only smile wryly. Although he didn't mind William being touchy with his lovers, he felt that it wasn't appropriate for the Half-Elf to rub it in their faces.

William lightly tapped Princess Sidonie's back to tell the latter to get off his lap so he could talk business with his guests.

Princess Sidonie sighed and reluctantly rose from her special seat. She then sat beside William and glanced at the Silver-haired elf and Amazon Princess with a scrutinizing gaze.

"I asked both of you to come here today to ask about your plans for the future," William stated. "Kenneth, you've already delivered my mother's message. Aren't you going back to the Silvermoon Continent?"

Kenneth shook his head firmly. "Master told me to keep an eye on you. Don't worry. I won't get in your way, or your lovers'. I'm just following your Mother's orders."

Kenneth stressed the word Mother to William to prevent the Half-Elf from having a comeback. He knew that if he used this approach to his Ex-Roommate, the latter would be unable to turn him away.

Just as he expected, William only sighed before shifting his attention to the Amazon Princess.

"What about you?" William asked. "I already said that I'm not interested in going with you to the Ares Empire to become your tribe's stallion. I still have to prepare for my match with Rebecca."

"I know." Lilith nodded calmly. "My mother received an invitation to the Misty Sect, so I'll be going there as well. We can talk about the details of your visit to the Ares Empire after you've dealt with your Ex-Fiance."

The corner of William's lips twitched. He had clearly stated that he refused to go with her to the Ares Empire to become their Stud Horse, but Lilith just brushed it off as if it was not set in stone.

Her stance on the matter gave William a headache. According to the books he had read in his world, Amazons were a race of warriors. They recognized strength more than anything else, and would actively seek strong partners to have offspring with.

Back then, he was still half in doubt about the authenticity of the claims in the book he read, but now, he was sure that most of what was written there was true.

'I don't want to experience death by snusnu,' William thought as he stared at Lilith who had a nonchalant look on her face.

"I know what you're thinking, but it isn't as bad as you think," Lilith said. "I'll just share you with a dozen of my sisters. I won't let the entire tribe have their way with you."

William pinched the bridge of his nose because there seemed to be some sort of miscommunication between him and the Amazon Princess in front of him. It was as if they weren't talking in the same language, and the latter kept on insisting on her ideals without a care about his input.

"She reminds me of you back then," William commented as he glanced at Princess Sidonie.

"We're not the same." Princess Sidonie firmly shook her head. "I did it out of love and lust, but she's doing it out of need. Frankly, I find this approach very despicable. She's not giving you any room to maneuver and is forcing her wants on you."

'You did the same.'

William, and Kenneth, said in their heads. Princess Sidonie had schemed her way into William's heart, while Lilith was taking the straightforward approach to pin him down on the bed. Although the reasoning of both girls were different, their end goal was the same.

William sighed as he stared at Lilith with a fed up expression. "Your Mother, Empress Andraste, will be going to the Misty Sect as well?"

Lilith nodded. "She wanted to wait for you here in the Kraetor Empire, but there were things that she needed to do in the Empire so I stayed here in her place. Both of us would like to talk to you in private after your battle at the Misty Sect."

"Fine." William nodded his head. He decided to give up and just handle this issue at a later date. "Just promise me that you won't bother Sidonie again. I am also busy training in seclusion, so you won't see me in the academy much.

"The same can be said for you, Kenneth. Although my mother had asked you to watch over me, there are some things that I can't share with you. I hope that you understand."

There was no use talking to Lilith because her view wouldn't change. However, talking to Empress Andraste was different. As someone who held the responsibilities of an entire empire on her shoulders, William believed that the Amazon Empress wasn't as shortsighted as her daughter.

As for Kenneth, he didn't have any problems with his ex-roommate because the silver-haired Elf had a good head on his shoulders. Although he was sent to spy on William, he didn't divulge any of his secrets, and simply reported stuff that wasn't too important.

Because of this, William still had a good impression of him, so he didn't want to sour their relationship.

Lilith and Kenneth nodded their heads. They also didn't want to push William too much because they knew that it could backfire on them. The only thing they wanted from him was a promise that he wouldn't avoid them intentionally, and the Half-Elf agreed to fulfill this promise.

After their meeting, Kenneth and Lilith left William's room with satisfied expressions.

Princess Sidonie watched them go and sighed in relief. Now that William had spoken, she could rest easy that they would not be bothered by their non-stop pestering again.

"Darling, I know you're busy, so I won't trouble you much, but there is still something that I have to tell you," Morgana said after he swapped with Princess Sidonie. "There is one more annoying Elf that is looking for you. Her name is Pearl and she claims to be Charmaine's elder sister."

William frowned when he heard this piece of information. All of the Elves under his command had been stripped of their memories by the Arcane Lich, and been 'programmed' to be loyal to him. After their brainwashing was finished, the Lich had returned their memories, but their personalities were no longer the same.

Even with their memories, they thought that they were in the wrong and very stupid to stand against William during the war. Because of this, they had remained loyal to him and were doing their best to atone for their sins, by offering their servitude.

In truth, William didn't care much about this back then. They were the invaders, so whatever happened to them, he didn't give a damn.

Unfortunately, William's heart wasn't made of stone. After his lovers had convinced him to free the Elves after a few years of servitude, the Half-Elf's treatment of the Elves became more lenient. He wasn't feeling guilty about the brainwashing part.

The thing he was worried about was how the Elves would once again integrate with the Elven Society after their personalities had completely changed. William had long thought about this, but there was nothing he could do about it.

The brainwashing was done, and the Arcane Lich had said that it was permanent. No one could reverse the outcome, so Charmaine and the rest of the elves would have to slowly adapt to whatever circumstances they faced in the future.

Although he felt hesitant, William agreed for Pearl to meet with Charmaine… He was also curious to see how his personal maid would treat her older sister, who hadn't participated in the war of the Southern Continent.


Chapter 688

Pearl paced back and forth on the outskirts of Silverwind City.

Princess Sidonie had met with her three days ago, and told her that her sister, Charmaine, would meet her in this location. After the tournament, Pearl had waited patiently for William to arrive.

In fact, she was prepared to wait for him for two months. When she heard that William had suddenly appeared in Silver Wind Academy, she was both shocked and thankful at the same time.

Shocked because she didn't expect to see him this soon, and happy because she would be able to see her sister sooner. She had also been at the academy when the conference was held because she wanted to find out just what kind of person William was.

The "William" that she saw made her speechless. Not only was that Half-Elf a vulgar person, he was also a bastard that didn't even give the Emperor of the Kraetor Empire face, and called him a Motherf*cker in front of the High-Ranking nobles of the kingdom.

Because of this, Pearl despaired. If her sister was in the custody of such a man, Charmaine would definitely suffer a cruel end!

'I must save my sister no matter what,' Pearl thought as she calmed her anxiousness. 'No matter what price I have to pay, I will buy her freedom from that scum!'

While Pearl was busy thinking of ways to convince William to release her sister, her sharp senses detected footsteps headed in her direction.

"Sister?" a familiar voice called out to Pearl with uncertainty.

Pearl's body moved automatically, and ran towards the pretty Elf whom she hadn't seen for years.

The two sisters hugged each other with tears streaming down their faces.

William watched this scene from afar. He decided not to go with Charmaine when she met her sister to prevent tensions from rising. Truth be told, if his personal maid wanted to leave with Pearl then he wouldn't stop her from leaving.

This was the decision he had made after thinking for a whole day. When he told Charmaine about Pearl's request, the latter's expression became very happy. Although her memories were stripped away from her at the beginning, the strong emotions in her heart in regards to her family had remained.

William told Charmaine that if she wanted to leave with her sister, he would give her his blessing, and not stop her from leaving. The pretty Elf looked straight into his eyes back then. She didn't agree or reject William's words and simply thanked him for letting her meet her sister.

"How have you been?" Pearl asked. "Did that Half-Elf mistreat you? Don't worry. I will take you away from here and deal with him at a later time."

Charmaine shook her head as she stared at sister. "Lord William didn't mistreat me. Although my freedom was restricted, he didn't do anything to treat me like a plaything, like those other noble humans do when they capture our race."

Pearl nodded her head in acknowledgement of her words. Her goal was to take her sister back, so she didn't want to have a disagreement with her before they were safely back in the Silvermoon Continent.

"It seems that I misunderstood him," Pearl replied. "Don't worry, I will compensate him properly and buy your freedom. Charmaine, let's go back to the Silverwind Continent. I promise that this time, I will not leave you alone."

Charmaine smiled, but she shook her head. "I can't leave him right now, sister. I still have to atone for my sins of invading his kingdom. He is the son of our Saintess, Lady Arwen, and our savior, Lord Maxwell. We were the ones in the wrong when we tried to conquer the Hellan Kingdom. We made a grave mistake, and our race has paid for it with countless lives."

Pearl bit her lip. She grew up with Charmaine and knew what kind of person she was. Her sister was arrogant and looked down on Humans. Even though Maxwell had saved them from the Demonic Invasion, Charmaine didn't think much of him.

However, right now, that same arrogant sister of hers was saying that she would atone for the sins that she had made in invading the Southern Continent. For a brief moment, Pearl felt like she was talking to a stranger that she had never met before.

"Charmaine, didn't you hate Humans?" Pearl asked. "You also find Half-Elves disgusting. Why the sudden change?"

Charmaine closed her eyes as she placed a hand over her chest. "Back then, I was still young and stupid. I had been raised in the Silvermoon Continent and didn't know about the outside world. Sister, you didn't see the cruelty the Elves performed while in the Southern Continent.

"We were no different from savage beasts. My eyes have been opened to the truth, and because of this, I will remain by Lord William's side until my sins are finally forgiven. Sister, I can't go with you right now, but I promise, after a few years, I will return to the Silvermoon Continent and find you. Until then, please, let me stay by Lord William's side."

Pearl clenched her fists and gritted her teeth. The more she listened to her sister, the more she felt that she was talking to a different person. This was when she realized that something was very wrong with her behavior.

"What did he do to you?" Pearl asked as she grabbed Charmaine's shoulder and held her in place. "What did that bastard do to you?!"

Charmaine gave Pearl a pained expression. Her sister's fingernails were digging on her shoulder and it was very close to drawing her blood.

"S-Sister, it hurts," Charmained said as she endured the pain.

Pearl saw her sister's face filled with suffering so she immediately let her go and back away.

"I-I'm sorry, I got carried away."

"It's fine. I know that you are having a hard time understanding my words, but this is what I really feel at the moment. I can't go with you, I'm sorry, sister."

Pearl closed her eyes and controlled her raging emotions. A few minutes later, she looked at Charmaine and her face was filled with determination.

Without warning, she threw a jab, aiming at Charmaine's chin. Due to how sudden her attack was, Charmaine was caught unprepared and was hit perfectly, which made her stagger backwards.

William's personal maid felt dizzy and she was unable to raise any form of resistance.

Seeing that her sister was still conscious, Pearl gave a follow up jab and hit Charmaine's jaw, shocking her brain, and forcing her to lose consciousness.

"I'm sorry, sister," Pearl said as she carried the unconscious girl like a sack of rice. "I will bring you back to the Silvermoon Continent and have the elders cure you. Whatever that bastard William did to you, I'll make sure that he will pay dearly for his transgressions."

Charmaine was unaware that her sister had already decided to take her back to their hometown by force if necessary, regardless of her opinion. Although Pearl made sure to control the strength of her attack, it was still enough to cause stress to her brain, which made her faint.

Pearl had only been able to run for a few steps when the lady she was carrying suddenly disappeared without a trace.

She hurriedly scanned her surroundings, only to see someone walking in her direction.

Pearl squinted her eyes and used Hawk's Eye and Improved Concentration to see who the person was.

It didn't take long for her to recognize the familiar red hair and light-green eyes that were looking back at her with a disapproving gaze.

"It's you," Pearl said. Her tone was laced with anger as she glared at the Half-Elf that had caused the downfall of the Elven Invasion. "William Von Ainsworth."

William continued to walk with a steady pace. His eyes never left Pearl's face as if he was scrutinizing every expression that she made.

"I agreed to your request and allowed you to meet your sister," William stated. "However, I don't remember agreeing to a kidnapping. You have overstepped your bounds."

"Overstepped my bounds? You did something to my sister and you have the nerve to say that I overstepped my bounds?" Pearl sneered. "The one who overstepped their bounds was you! What did you do to my sister? If you don't give me a proper answer, I will…"

"You will what?" William interjected. He had enough of Pearl's nonsense and wasn't in the mood to argue with her. "You're going to kill me?"

"Yes! I will kill you!"

"B*tch please. I am the protagonist of this story. You're just a side character so know your place!"

William's outburst made Pearl unconsciously take a step back. She had faced many strong members of the young generation during the tournament, but William's countenance made her feel that she was up against a strong opponent.

"I already gave you a chance to meet your sister," William said with indifference. "You also heard her answer. She didn't want to come with you. Since that is the case, I will not allow you to take her away."

Pearl gritted her teeth and summoned her bow. 'If I can kill him, my sister will be freed from his clutches.'

William sighed when he saw the Elf was preparing to fight him.

"You want to fight? Fine," William sneered. "I'll gladly play with you."

Several portals appeared above William and several Pegasus flew out of it, with riders mounted on their back.

Pearl's eyes widened when she saw that the mounted warriors of the Pegasus were Elves!

"Surprised already?" William chuckled. "There's more where that came from."

An overwhelming presence descended upon Pearl as another portal appeared right above her. Before she could even draw her bow, she saw a rainbow-colored wrecking ball charging in her direction.

"I'm Rolling!"

That was the last thing Charmaine heard before she was knocked off from where she stood, and her world descended into darkness.


Chapter 689

Somewhere in the Central Continent…

"Boss, someone is looking for you," a skinny man reported as he walked towards the main hall of their base.

A handsome man who seemed to be in his late thirties opened his eyes and glanced at his subordinate with an even gaze.

"Name?" the man asked. He ran his hand over his short red-hair, as he shook the last vestige of sleep from his system.

The skinny man could sense that his boss was feeling grumpy, so he decided to cut to the chase and stop talking nonsense.

"H-He said his name is Ezio," the skinny man replied.

The handsome man's body stifferend before standing up from where he sat. He hurriedly left the main hall, leaving his subordinate behind with a shocked expression.

Their boss had always had a calm expression on his face, but after hearing the familiar name, a trace of shock and happiness appeared on his handsome face.

A few minutes later, the handsome man appeared outside of his camp. Currently, several of his subordinates crowded around a man, who was wearing a black robe, with their weapons drawn.

The black-robed man's face couldn't be seen, but his current posture was quite relaxed as if the hundreds of weapons aimed at him weren't a big deal.

"Ezio, is it really you?" the handsome man asked with a smile. His subordinates made a path for him to pass. Just like the skinny man that had delivered the news, all of them also had shocked expressions on their faces.

Their grumpy boss who didn't bat an eye when killing people was actually smiling!

"It is I, Young Master," Ezio replied. "It's good to see that you are hale and hearty. The Commander will be proud."

Morgan happily gave Ezio a hug and patted his back. He knew for a fact that his Father's Shadow Guard wouldn't travel far from where his grandfather was. Since Ezio was around, that could only mean one thing. James was also in the Central Continent!

"Did father send you to find me?" Morgan already knew the answer to this question, but he still decided to ask for clarification. "Let me guess. This is about William's achievements in the Tower of Babylon."

Ezio nodded. "The Commander has sent me to find you. He said that you should pack up and go to the Tower of Babylon. He still needed to go to the Misty Sect and someone has to watch over the family's properties while he is away."

The corner of Morgan's lips curled up into a smile. Truthfully, when he heard the world-wide announcement, he had been very tempted to go to the tower and find William. However, there were still some loose ends that he had to tie up at that time.

He had just finished dealing with an internal struggle a few days ago, so he wasn't in the mood to go to the Tower of Babylon to look for William, whom he hadn't seen since he was a baby.

"It has been eighteen years." Morgan sighed. "To think that the baby I brought back to Lont would shock the entire world. I never saw this coming."

"Neither did I, Young Master. Little Will is such a handful. Even now, I still can't believe that he has conquered the 51st Floor," Ezio commented.

Morgan chuckled and patted Ezio's shoulder. "You rarely speak more than three words. It seems that my nephew made a deep impression on you, old friend."

Ezio didn't deny or agree to Morgan's words. Deep inside, he was feeling proud because he was one of William's Masters, who had taught him on how to make his mark on the World of Hestia.

Morgan didn't mind Ezio's silence. He knew that the man wasn't an expert when it came to socializing, so he raised his hand to catch the attention of his subordinates.

"Tonight we feast!" Morgan ordered. "And tomorrow, we head towards the Tower of Babylon!"

The men surrounding the two raised their weapons to the air and cheered. They didn't know what they were going to do in the Tower of Babylon, but the members of the Red Plague had quickly learned that asking questions was futile.

All they needed to do was follow Morgan, and move unhindered across the Central Continent. They were the famous mercenary group that was feared by many. Once the Red Plague made its move, the lands would be dyed with the blood of their targets.

The next day, the Red Plague marched towards the Tower of Babylon. Countless flags were raised, and the red hornet, which was the symbol of their mercenary group, fluttered in the breeze, like a plague that was about to descend to the land and make those who dared to oppose it die a very gruesome and horrible death.

This great movement alarmed several Empires who were paying close attention to Morgan's movements. It had been a few months since this group carried out an expedition, and the outcome had wiped out an entire Clan that was considered to be one of the Overlords in the Central Continent.

There was a popular saying among those who knew of the Red Plague.

"When the Red Plague ascends, Calamity descends."

This was why even the mighty empires of the Central Continent turn a blind eye whenever the Red Plague crossed their borders. They knew that as long as they didn't do anything to stop them from completing their mission, their sting wouldn't be pointed in their Empire's direction.

-

"That Morgan has finally made his move again," the Emperor who ruled the Empire where the Red Plague was currently stationed had a grim expression on his face. "Where are they headed this time?"

The Commander of the army had personally flown using his flying mount to check the direction the Red Plague was headed. After confirming with the head of their Logistics Department, they had come to the conclusion that Morgan's band of mercenaries were headed towards the Tower of Babylon.

"The Tower?" The Emperor frowned. He had just returned from the Kraetor Empire where the Tournament of Champions was held. Half a minute later, the Emperor slammed his fist at the armchair of his throne as a shocking realization appeared inside his mind.

"Ainsworth!" The Emperor gasped. "Morgan's surname is Ainsworth!"

Everyone in the conference room looked at their king in surprise. They had almost always referred to Morgan as the Red Plague and they had completely forgotten that his surname was Ainsworth.

It didn't take long for them to connect the dots and the Emperor immediately issued a decree.

"Commander, tell all the towns and cities that the Red Plague will pass through to open their doors and not bar them from entering," the Emperor ordered. "Also, if they need supplies, like food and water, give it to them with a 50% discount! If they have any additional requests, I give you my permission to carry it out to the best of your abilities! Go and do not fail me!"

"Yes! Your Majesty!" The commander saluted and left the conference room.

The Emperor had already sent an envoy to the Tower of Babylon in order to negotiate with William for a collaboration. However, the other party was not present, and only an old man was holding down the fort.

The leader of the envoy had reported that James was very hard to deal with and the negotiation wasn't producing any results. Now that Morgan was going to the Tower of Babylon, he decided to try and cozy up with the Red Plague in order to smooth out the process of their proposal.

The Tower of Babylon had rich resources that couldn't be found anywhere in Hestia. Rare metals that came from higher worlds could be mined on these floors, and were sold for high prices across the continent.

If their Empire could have a partnership with the Ainsworth Family then trying to be on their good side would definitely be worth it. Right now, everyone was like wolves trying to get their share of the fat herd that was waiting to be eaten.

The only problem was that instead of a young man, they were up against an Old Fox who was determined to suck their wallets and blood dry. Because of this, the envoys of the different factions were having a headache.

No matter what they did, James wouldn't budge. He was like a dam that was blocking the water source. Even though everyone was thirsty and wanted to drink their fill, he refused to release the water and kept it for himself!

This made all the factions feel miserable. More than anything else, they wanted the old man to disappear and be replaced by a fox that was not as old and as stingy as him!

If Morgan were to take his place, there was a chance for their Empire to enter negotiations. This was what the Emperor was hoping for.

"All of you, draft a new proposal for the Floors on the Tower of Babylon," The Emperor ordered his ministers. "It's fine if we bleed a little. Once we manage to make Morgan agree, we will be able to regain our losses after a few years.

"Give him an offer he can't refuse! I'll be preparing for my departure to the Misty Sect. When I return, I only want to hear good news. Do I make myself clear?!"

""Yes, Your Majesty!""

The officials of the Kora Empire started to brainstorm how to create a proposal that Morgan wouldn't be able to refuse. The Emperor looked at this scene with a satisfied look on his face before leaving the rest to his Prime Minister.

"I shouldn't put all the eggs in a single basket," Shamus, the Emperor of the Kora Empire thought as he walked towards his chambers. "The owner of the floors is that boy William. I need to make him understand that working with the Kora Empire is a win-win situation."

The Emperor narrowed his gaze as he looked in the direction of the Savadeen Mountains.

"Misty Sect." Shamus sneered… "Let's see if your arrogance will be able to overcome this hurdle that is going to knock on your doorstep."


Chapter 690

Kenneth was busy writing a letter to his Master inside the residence provided to him inside the academy.

He wrote how he met William in the Kraetor Empire, and everything that happened since then. Kenneth respected Arwen with all of his heart. Without her, his life would have been a very boring one.

Just as he was about to finish the letter, he heard a knock on his door. Kenneth frowned because he wasn't expecting any guests at the moment.  

"Who could it possibly be?" Kenneti muttered as he walked toward the door with curiosity.  

Kenneth opened the door to see who it was. The first thing he saw was a smiling William, carrying a beautiful Elf in a princess carry.

Naturally, Kenneth recognized the Elf in William's arms. It was other than Pearl, who had also joined the tournament alongside him.

"Can I come in?" William asked.  

The silver-haired Elf frowned, but he still opened the door wider and moved aside. A single glance was enough to tell him that Pearl had just fought a battle, because of the tears in her clothes.  

"What happened?" Kenneth asked after William laid Pearl to the bed. Since it was a fellow Elf, he was alarmed at her current condition.

"The two of us fought," William replied. "Don't worry. I didn't hurt her much. We just had a disagreement. She'll be awake in a day or two."

Kenneth walked towards the bed and ran a diagnostic spell on Pearl's body. Aside from the two small puncture wounds on her neck, her body didn't have any kind of damage. Clearly, someone had used a healing spell to remove Pearl's injuries, with the exception of the two marks on her neck.

Kenneth had an idea on what William was trying to tell him, because of this, the latter decided to just turn a blind eye on Pearl's current condition.

"I apologize on behalf for her recklessness," Kenenth said with a calm expression. "Thank you for looking after her."

William nodded in appreciation. "You're still perceptive as always."

Kenneth sighed as he sat on the bed. His gaze looked at the red-headed teenager who was looking back at him with a smile.

"You're leaving?" Kenneth asked.  

"Yes."

"When?"

William crossed his arms over his chest as he eyed his Ex-Roommate with an appraising look. "Tomorrow. Don't try to find me, because you won't."

The silver-haired Elf smiled bitterly because he could feel the firmness in William's tone. He knew that if he tried to force himself to accompany him, the Half-Elf would definitely find a way to lose him along the way.

"I guess I will be seeing you at the Misty Sect," Kenneth said.

William nodded his head. "I will be undergoing extensive training until the promised time. Let's meet again in the Aberdeen Mountains."

Kenneth's gaze softened because he could feel that William still treated him as a friend. Since that was the case, he would not be too demanding and allow him to do the things he needed. The Founding Day of the Misty Sect was only several weeks away.

It wouldn't be long before he and William would meet once again.  

"Will, don't lose."

"That's the plan."

William left the room and headed to the alchemist Division to say goodbye to his Fifth Master, Albert. Although his Alchemist Master was a carefree individual, he still took time to teach William a lot of things when he first arrived at the academy.

While all of this was happening, Princess Sidonie was in her room drafting the plans for the delegation that would go to the Mist Sect.  

Ashe and Chiffon would be leaving with William, leaving her alone in the Empire. This was the plan that they had agreed to beforehand. Princess Sidonie was an important member of the Royal Family of Freesia and the Kraetor Empire.

Because of this, she couldn't accompany William when he journeyed towards the Misty sect. However, since she could easily visit the Thousand Beast Domain anytime, this problem was not a big deal for her.

She, along with her grandfather, and a few of her cousins would go to the Misty Sect. Everyone had high expectations of William. For them, the battle against his Ex-Fiance was already a done deal.  

The Half-Elf was someone that had cleared the 51st Floor of the Tower. Compared to him, Rebecca was nothing.

Unfortunately, they were not aware that he was going to fight his fiance with increased difficulty due to Aamon's quest. This was also why William was dead-set on upgrading all the Job Classes that he could, in order to prepare for any kind of situation.

—–

Meanwhile in the Glazed Domain of the Misty Sect…

Rebecca exhaled, and a cloud of icy air escaped her sensuous lips.  

"I finally broke through the 7th Circle," Rebecca muttered as a powerful aura enveloped her body.  

Due to the unlimited resources, training, special privileges, and her Perfect Grade Talent, she had stepped on the ranks of an Archmage four years earlier than usual.

The elder that was assigned to watch over her nodded her head in approval.

"Consolidate your new found strength," the elder advised. "Clear your mind, and allow your element to wash over your body."

"Yes, Elder," Rebecca replied before closing her eyes to meditate.

Deep inside, Rebecca was happy. She had finally achieved the height that she had dreamed of when she was young. She and William understood that what they were going to do was merely a formality. Regardless of who won between the two of them, their marriage agreement would be void after their promised battle.

—–

On a ship bound to the Central Continent…

Lawrence, the Old Fox of the Griffith Duchy, looked at the ship's window with a depressed expression on his face. They had left the Hellan Kingdom a few weeks ago in order to arrive at the Misty Sect, and participate in the festivities that were waiting for them.  

The Old Fox played with the communication crystal in his hand, before putting it on top of the table with a sigh.

No matter how many times he tried to use the communication crystal to talk to James, the old coot would pretend that he didn't see it. This made Lawrence very annoyed.

Rebecca's mother and father had firmly opposed his decision to make his granddaughter William's fiance, but that was already in the past. Now, the two idiots were feeling fearful that William would come and find them to settle the scores between them.

Because of this, Lawrence decided to bring them with him to the Central Continent, in order to mediate and compensate William for the grievances he received in the past.  

"The eyes are useless when the mind is blind." Lawrence shook his head as he poured himself a glass of wine. "I should have been more firm back then. Now, it's too late."

Lawrence drank the wine and felt the sourness spreading inside his mouth. The journey towards the Central Continent would be a long and tiring one.. He just hoped that when they reached their final destination, the ache he was feeling in his heart would disappear like the passing clouds in the sky.







Chapter 691

Nestled at the base of the Savadeen Mountains was the city of Eirwen. This prosperous city was under the direct jurisdiction of the Misty Sect.

The Misty Sect had been around for close to three thousand years, and its roots ran deep in the Central Continent. It had several branches across the land, and even across the other continents.  

Eleanor and the Elder, Lady Miriam, were the people assigned to handle the Misty Sect Branch in the Southern Continent. They had discovered Rebecca's talents early on, and decided to bring her under their wing to be raised as one of the pillars of their sect.  

Their plan would have been perfect if not for the thorn that had the name "William" written on it.

Now that the honor and dignity of their sect was about to be challenged, these two elders weren't able to sleep well at night, due to the anxiety and fear in their hearts.

The citizens of Eirwen didn't share their worries and were in a festive mood. Every establishment, and house, had hung snowflake lanterns, which was an old tradition when the founding day of the Misty Sect drew near.

Although the celebration was still a week away, several flying carriages, and other special flying artifacts could be seen soaring towards the Savadeen Mountains, where the Sect was located.

They were the delegations from the different powerful factions on the Central Continent, and emissaries from the other continents who had also received an invitation.

Within the bustling streets of the city, a chubby young man with above average features, who seemed to be in his late teens walked proudly. He was wearing very expensive clothes, and anyone that saw him would definitely label him as a member of the nobility, or a wealthy merchant.

By his side, a scholarly young man who was also in his late teens, walked steadily. The young man admired the surroundings around him with a calm gaze. Unlike his chubby friend, who wore expensive clothes, the scholar's clothes were rather plain. However, they were very clean, and gave the scholar a refined presence.

As the two passed through the marketplace, a little girl carrying a basket of snow apples approached the chubby young man.

"Sir, would you like to buy some apples?" the little girl asked with a smile. "They are freshly picked and very delicious."

"Oink, how much for a piece?" the chubby man asked.

"Three apples for one silver coin," the little girl replied with eyes filled with expectations. She had been trying to sell the apples for the past three hours, but she hadn't found any buyers.  

"These apples do look fresh and delicious," the scholarly man said with a smile. "Okay, we will buy six apples. Here you go."

The little girl was about to happily receive the coin when a hand grabbed her arm and pulled it back.

"I-It hurts!" the little girl cried out in pain and dropped the basket she was holding.

The apples rolled on the streets, and everyone glared at the burly man who was holding the girl's arm in a vice grip. He was over two-meters tall and was surrounded by a dozen men who were wearing red robes.  

"Little girl, who gave you the right to sell apples on our turf?" the burly man asked with a sinister smile. He then strengthened his grip on the girl's arm, making her cry out loud in pain. "Do you think that just because you are a child, the Red Devils will turn a blind eye to your ignorance?!"

The vendors on the marketplace gnashed their teeth in anger. All of them wanted to help the little girl, but they were afraid that the Red Devils would come and mess up their business. The Red Devil was the biggest and most notorious gang in the city, and the locals were afraid to face their wrath.  

"Wuwuwuwu! Mama!" The little girl's tears fell like a flood as she called out to her mother.  

This was the first time that she had visited the main street to sell the apples that she, and her mother, had picked in their backyard.  

Usually, she would just sell the apples near their home, but due to the influx of visitors that had arrived at their city, she decided to go to the main street in order to quickly sell everything, and return home to have lunch with her mother.

The passersby steered clear from the scene and looked at the crying girl with pity. Most of them were foreigners, so they didn't want to offend the local tyrants of Eirwen City.

The name of the burly man is Butch, and he was one of the captains of the Red Devils. He had managed to get his position by underhanded means, and was someone who liked to torture people.  

He didn't care about their age, or gender. As long as he could hear their screams, he was more than happy to sate his sick hobby.

"Since you didn't pay us protection money then we have no choice but to collect it from you," Butch said in a teasing tone. "The protection fee for our services is a thousand gold a month. Pay up, and we will allow you to sell your apples anywhere in the city."

Butch's subordinates laughed because they had seen this scene many times in the past. All of them were already used to it, and of them cared if their captain's latest target was a little girl who was only under the age of ten.

"Wuwuwuwu! Mama! Help me!" the little girl's cry became louder. There was nothing that she could do but cry and call for her mother to rescue her.

"Awww, you poor child." Butch chuckled. "Go on. Call your mommy. Maybe she can pay us by spreading her legs."

Butch's subordinates laughed in agreement. The little girl was somewhat pretty, so they believed that her mother was pretty as well. All of them were lowlives. For them, a mature woman was way better than a little brat who was still wet behind the ears.

The burly man increased the strength of his grip further and a soft crack was heard, followed by the young girl's soul stirring scream. Butch and his subordinates had smiles on their faces as they teased the crying girl who'se tears, and snot, had already stained her adorable face.

The chubby young man clicked his tongue and walked towards them. He and his friends had just arrived at the city and they already saw this disgusting scene. It made his blood boil, so he decided to make his move.  

"Oi, if you don't want to lose that arm, it will be best if you release the girl. Oink," the chubby young man said. "How dare you get in the way of my lunch? Did this Sir give you permission?"

Butch and his men stared at the chubby teenager before laughing out loud. This was also not the first time when they saw a "Knight in Shining Armor" trying to save the damsel in distress. Most of these knights were already buried six feet under, and Butch had tortured them until they breathed their last breath.

"Well, well, well, look what we have here." Butch grinned. He appraised the chubby teen's clothes and knew that he came from a rich family. "Are you talking to me, Pig?"

As one of the captains of the Red Devils, Butch's strength was of the Adamantium Rank. He could fight head to head with a Centennial Beast, and crush them with his superior strength. Because of this, even the Leader of the Red Devils favored him, and gave him the task of collecting the protection fees in the most profitable place in the city.

The chubby young man sighed and shook his head. "I do not wish for Dominion, but I cannot let the innocent suffer. Since you crossed my path, I can't turn a blind eye to your ignorance."

Butch's smile widened as a sinister glint passed through his eyes. "So you want to play the hero? I'd like to see how you can save this brat from my han— gaah!"

The captain of the Red Devil wasn't able to finish his words because he felt something hard hit the side of his face, sending him flying towards a nearby fruit stall.

The little girl cried out loud as she lost her balance. She was about to fall on the ground when a strong pair of hands held her in place.  

The scholarly man chanted as he cast a healing spell on the girl's arm, who was already starting to turn into a darker shade of blue.  

"Make sure to collect medical fees for this child's broken arm," the scholar stated as he focused on healing the girl. "Additional compensation is also needed for emotional trauma."

"Oink, got it," the chubby teenager said as he picked one of the apples that had fallen on the ground. He then took a bite without caring that it had already been dirtied. The crisp and delectable reverberated in the air, as the chubby teenager ate with gusto.

Butch roared in anger as he charged towards the chubby young man with bloodshot eyes. He had already summoned a bastard sword in his hands, and was hell-bent to cleave the "Pig" in two.  

The scholar gently carried the little girl in his arms and walked towards a safe location. He was not concerned about his friend, because he knew that the burly man wasn't his friend's match.  

"When man has a virtuous thought, Heaven will grant him support," the chubby young man stated as he held the handle of his rake firmly in his hand. "Fool who doesn't know your place, I Zhu will slap your face!"







Chapter 692

"Die!" Butch roared as he swung his sword with all of his strength.  

He was one of the Big Shots of the Underworld in the Savadeen Mountains, and this was the first time he had been embarrassed this badly.

Zhu didn't even glance in Butch's direction, and merely thrust the rake behind him. A resounding clanging sound was heard as the two weapons clashed against each other.

Everyone was expecting the chubby teenager to be cut in half, but the scene in front of them made their eyes widen in surprise.  

Butch's bastard sword found itself trapped within the gap of the nine-tooth rake, unable to advance forward.

Zhu clicked his tongue as he twisted the handle of his rake, snapping the bastard sword in two. He then thrust the rake backwards once again, sending Butch flying a few meters behind him. The Captain of the Red Devils once again landed on the same stall he had crashed into earlier.

The merchant who owned the store was nearly in tears because all his wares were destroyed. Although he appreciated Zhu saving the little girl, he was still heartbroken due to the loss of his profits.

A powerful shockwave erupted from the stall as Butch released his battle aura. Blood flowed out of his nose, as his face contorted in anger. This was the second time that he had been sent flying by his opponent and his anger had reached its peak.

"I'll kill you!" Butch shouted as he once again lunged at Zhu while holding two short swords in his hands.  

Zhu sneered as he gave Butch a side-long glance. "Can you?"

Suddenly, Zhu's body grew until he reached a height of five-meters. He then punched forward, and his meaty, right hand, smashed the incoming Butch into the ground, creating a small crater.  

The members of the Red Devils' felt their legs turning soft when they saw their captain lying unconscious on the ground, with blood seeping out of all of his orifices.  

Zhu towered over the unconscious man and raised his right foot. He then stepped on Butch's right arm, turning it into meat paste.  

The sudden pain made Butch regain his consciousness. A blood curdling scream followed suit as the pain of his injuries crashed down on him like a giant wave, making him cry out in pain. A few of his ribs had been broken earlier, making his breathing painful and difficult.  

Zhu gazed down on him with a smile as he poked the burly man's body with the end of his rake.  

"Awww, you poor child." Zhu chuckled. "Does it hurt? Don't worry, this is only the beginning."

"S-Stop!" Butch pleaded. "F-Forgive me! Have mercy!"

Zhu nodded. "Okay, but you have to pay. One million gold coins will do."

"I-I don't have that much. I only have over two thousand gold coins on me."

"Okay, give it to me."

Butch moved his still intact left hand and summoned a leather pouch from his storage ring. Although he was hurting all over, the fear of dying made him regret his earlier decision of bullying the little girl.

He thought that it would be just like one of those times when he had succeeded in torturing others and spreading fear to the merchants, to prevent them from resisting his control over the marketplace.

Zhu had already returned to his original size and grabbed the leather pouch filled with gold coins. "I have received over two thousand gold coins. Now, give me the rest. You still owe me over nine hundred thousand gold coins."

Butch coughed a mouthful of blood due to anger and shame. Now he understood what his victims felt like after he had tortured them to death.

"What's going on here?!"  

A loud shout spread across the marketplace, as more than thirty men, wearing blue uniforms, stormed the scene.

Cassidy, one of the captains of the City Guards, appeared after receiving a report of a battle that was currently happening in the marketplace. The Mayor had given them explicit orders to stop any potential problem that might arise during this crucial time.  

The representatives of the powerful factions in the continent were currently congregating in their domain and he didn't want them to have a bad impression of his territory.

Naturally, he was also afraid that he would be kicked out of his position by the Elders of the Misty Sect if he didn't do his job right. Because of this, he had mobilized several guards to patrol the city in regular intervals.

Cassidy glanced at Butch who was lying in a pool of blood. A frown appeared on his face because he was one of the captains that was bribed by the Red Devils to turn a blind eye to their criminal activities.

However, with so many witnesses, he knew that he had to play his cards right in order to take control of the conflict.

"As the Captain of the City Guards, I order that all of you must come with me to the station for questioning," Cassidy replied. "Do not resist, and you will not be hurt. Men seize them!"

The men encircled Zhu and his scholar friend, but they completely ignored Butch and the members of the Red Devil. Clearly, they were in cahoots with the criminal organization, just like their captain.

Zhu chuckled when he saw this scene and glanced at his friend, who was currently standing beside the little girl.  

"Sha, back me up," Zhu said with a smile. "It's time to sweep away the trash, Oink."

"Okay." Sha sighed as he shook his head. "To think that we would get into trouble as soon as we entered the city. I guess you still carry your bad luck with you."

Although Sha's tone carried a trace of resignation, the contempt and disappointment in his eyes towards the City Guards was very evident.  

"Get behind me," Sha said as he patted the little girl's head. "This might get a bit messy."

The little girl nodded her head and obediently hid behind Sha. For her, the chubby teenager and the scholar were good people because they saved her. Her body had already been cured, and she was no longer feeling any pain in her body.

However, she was still sad because the apples that she and her mother had worked hard to pick, had been trampled by the bad guys.  

"Hmm? The two of you plan to resist?" Cassidy sneered. "You think you can do whatever you want in Eirwen City?!"

The City Guards had all unsheathed their weapons and aimed them at Sha and Zhu. It was also at that time, when several men wearing red robes appeared in the marketplace.

"Captain Cassidy, it seems that there are some troublemakers roaming around the city today," a middle-aged man with a scar on his face greeted with a smile.

Cassidy was shocked because he recognized the middle-aged man. He was other than Devin, the leader of the Red Devils.  

He had stepped into the Saint Rank two years ago, and had been the King of the Underworld in Eirwen City. The Mayor as well as the City Guards were also on his payroll, which allowed them to grow and become the biggest gang in the Savadeen Mountains.

"Sir Devin, everything is under control," Cassidy replied. "We are now in the process of arresting these criminals. They will be taken to the station and interrogated for the crimes that they have committed."

"Is that so?" Devin asked back and eyed Sha and Zhu with great interest. He glanced at Butch who was seriously injured on the ground before shifting his attention back to the chubby teenager who was looking at him with indifference.

"Captain Cassidy, these people injured my men," Devin stated. "Since that is the case, can you leave them to me?"

Cassidy frowned. There were many eye witnesses, and it would be difficult if the Misty Sect got wind of this incident. The only way to handle this matter was to resolve it as fast as possible.

The Captain of the City Guards scanned the surroundings and found that more men wearing red robes had arrived at the marketplace. According to his estimate, there were now over three hundred members of the Red Devils, and it would be very difficult to say no to Devin's request.

"Very well, but make sure that it doesn't go out of hand." Cassidy compromised. "You already know that now is a very difficult time for us and if the Misty Sect becomes displeased, it will be bad for your people as well."

Devin nodded his head in understanding. He also knew that if they wanted to wrap this incident up properly, their reaction must be swift and not leave any traces behind.

The leader of the Red Devils raised his hand, ordering his men to capture Zhu and Sha.  

The CIty Guards backed away hurriedly because they didn't want to be involved in the Red Devils' revenge against those who dared to challenge their authority.

Zhu was about to transform into a five-meter tall giant when a carefree voice broke the tense atmosphere.

"I just left the two of you to buy a drink and you're already creating trouble?" a lazy voice said. Perfect! I love trouble. Why didn't you call for me?"

"Senior brother." Zhu chuckled as he waved at the person that was walking towards them holding a jug of wine. "Don't worry, you came at the right time. We were just about to start."

Sha smiled and nodded his head. Now that their Senior Brother has arrived, he could just focus on protecting the little girl that was hiding behind his back.

The new arrival drank the jug of wine as he walked over in a carefree manner. He had short brown hair, and his light-brown eyes were filled with mischief.  

The brown-haired young man looked like someone in his early twenties. He walked unsteadily, but each step was like a flowing river that flowed freely across the land, unhindered by the affairs of the mortal realm.  

After giving a loud burp, the newcomer threw the jug to the side, hitting Butch, and knocking him unconscious.

The corner of Devin's and Cassidy's lips twitched when they saw the burly man's pitiful state, but didn't say anything. For some reason, the newcomer made them feel a sense of dread that they couldn't explain.

It was as if they were being stared at by a wild animal who could go berserk at any moment.

"Well then, are you guys ready to rumble?" the brown-haired young man said as he pulled something out of his right ear.  

Everyone looked in disbelief when they saw the golden, metallic, staff that had come out from the brown-haired man's ear.  

Devin's expression became serious because his sixth sense was screaming at him.. It was telling him that this was someone that he couldn't afford to offend no matter what.







Chapter 693

"Who are you?" Cassidy asked. "You'd better not make trouble here in the city or we will not be lenient with your punishment!"

The brown-haired young man chuckled when he heard Cassidy's words. He had heard this question for millennia's, and his answer to this question had always been the same.  

"Who am I?" the brown haired young man smirked as his eyes started to turn golden. "Great men need no introductions, but since you want to know that badly, I will allow you to know my exalted name. Remember it well, because it might be the last thing you remember in this world."

The brown haired man slammed the golden staff on the ground, creating a metallic ringing sound that reverberated in the entire city of Eirwen. He then raised his head arrogantly as he pointed his thumb at his face.

"I am…," the brown haired man said before turning his head to look at Sha. "Sha, introduce me to them. I'm too lazy."

The corner of Sha's lips twitched, but he still decided to play along. After all, it was this "Senior Brother" who had smuggled them into the World of Hestia to look for William. Introducing him to people was the least that he could do.

"He is other than the Handsome Monkey King!" Sha shouted.  

Zhu decided to play along and also raised his voice. "A Great Warrior who will fight for good, truth, peace, and honesty!"

"Hero alone is he who vies with powers supreme!"

"The world revolves in the palm of his hands!"

"Good and Evil can't stand in his way, for he is the force that defies it everyday!"

"Look at his manliness, that makes all the maidens blush. Don't you know that he is everyone's crush?"

"Lo and behold, mortals of the realm. His presence alone, don't you feel overwhelmed?"

"He is other than the Great Sage that equals Heaven!"

"The warrior that fought against Heaven's might!"

"He is other than, the epitome of greatness, Sun Wukong!"

Sun Wukong may have the thickest skin in the multiverse, but Zhu's and Sha's praises were enough to make even the invincible monkey king feel that they were praising the wrong person.

"Aww shucks guys, you're making me blush," Sun Wukong said as he scratched his cheeks in embarrassment. "But, the two of you forgot to say that I'm the most awesome being in creation. The Legendary Legend that defies the balance of the world. The most powerful, supreme expert that…"

Zhu and Sha were doing their best to prevent their expression from spasming. They had already praised Sun Wukong to the high heavens, but it seemed that their method had only spurred on the Monkey King's narcissistic tendencies.

We already praised you, okay?

You still want to be praised?

Don't you know the meaning of moderation?

Bruh…

"I just realized that the words of this world are not enough to describe how amazing I really am," Sun Wukong rubbed his chin. "Welp, I guess I'll deal with all of you first before I write down all of my awesome qualities."

Without another word, Sun Wukong somersaulted in the air and transformed into his Monkey King Form.

"Enough talk, let's fight!" Sun Wukong roared. "Sweep away all adversaries!

"Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

A powerful explosion erupted in the middle of the city making the land tremble. However, the surprising thing was that no damage could be seen anywhere.  

What happened next was truly outstanding because several people wearing red and blue robes were tossed in the air, similar to how fried rice was tossed in a wok.

Sun Wukong understood that he couldn't hurt innocent people in the mortal world, so he used the power of righteousness to separate the bad guys from the good.  

"Let's go nuts!" Sun Wukong roared as he swung the golden staff in his hands like a baseball bat. "Reject Humanity! Return to Monke!"  

Ruyi Jingu Bang grew until it was over hundreds meters long, and several meters wide. All that got hit cried out in pain, and flew towards the Savadeen Mountains.  

The Sect Master and the Elders of the Misty Sect immediately felt the strong fluctuations in their surroundings and were immediately alarmed.  

They felt the overbearing presence descend on them like a mountain. All of them saw the giant golden staff that could potentially erase the entire city of Eirwen, and it made them shudder.

"Demigod!" Thea, the Sect Master of the Misty Sect, gasped in shock after witnessing the incredible scene in front of her.  

The Guardian of the Misty Sect opened its eyes and looked at the Monkey King hovering in the air.  

Sun Wukong glanced in the Guardian's direction and winked. The Monkey King even made a gesture to the Guardian to come down and join the fun, but the latter pretended that it didn't see it and closed its eyes to sleep.

"You don't want to join?" Sun Wukong asked the Guardian using telepathy. "Let's go play a hundred rounds! Relax, I'll give you a handicap. I'll only use one hand and my staff!"

The Guardian shuddered and pretended that it was deep asleep. No matter how much Sun Wukong coaxed it, the Sacred Beast refused to budge.

It doesn't matter if you give me a handicap or not. That staff alone is enough to kill me!

I still want to live dammit!

Seeing that the Guardian didn't want to play, Sun Wukong scratched his head helplessly. As he was thinking about what to do next, several Elders of the Misty Sect flew towards him.

"Your Excellency, I am the leader of the Misty Sect, Thea," Thea said respectfully. "A few days from now, we are going to celebrate the founding of our Sect. I respectfully invite you, Your Excellency, to join us in this joyous event."

Sun Wukong started to pick his nose with indifference.

"Well, I have some free time, so I guess I can honor your Sect with my exalted presence."

"We will be most grateful to host you, Your Excellency!"

"But, I am feeling rather irritated right now," Sun Wukong stated. "You see, my boys and I came here to sightsee, but we were harassed by those Red Devil guys and members of the City Guards. You know, when I get grumpy, I have the habit of demolishing mountains…"

The expression of Thea and the Elder's of the MIsty Sect became pale. The dissatisfaction in Sun Wukong's tone clearly hid a threat that meant "If you don't fix this, I'll smash your mountain."

This was something that they couldn't allow to happen no matter what!

"Rest assured, Your Excellency," Thea said, as she tried to hide the anxiousness in her heart, "We will immediately punish those who dared to make things difficult for you."

"Eleanor, Miriam, send the Executors to round up all the members of the Red Devils!" Thea ordered. "Also, bring in the Mayor and the Commander of the City Guards for questioning! I will not allow an evil organization, including corrupt officials, to stay in my Domain!"

""Yes, Sect Master!""

All the Elders moved at once. They had long turned a blind eye on the actions of the Red Devils, and the corruption of the city's officials, because they also received benefits on their end. If not for the fact that a Demigod was threatening to demolish their home turf, they would have continued to let the matters slide.

However, they couldn't do that anymore.

On that same day, every member of the Red Devil was caught and apprehended by the Executors of the Misty Sect. The City's Mayor, as well as the other corrupt officials, were kicked out of their positions and imprisoned inside the Sect.

A thorough Purge had been enacted and even the small-time gangs, and criminals, were apprehended.  

The Misty Sect had used all the manpower in their disposal to show the Monkey King their sincerity to correct their wrongs.  

Sun Wukong didn't make things difficult for Thea and promised the Sect Master that they would visit the Misty Sect on their Founding Day.

They were there to meet with William, so getting free accommodations was something they would not reject.

The Envoys from the different factions, who had witnessed the amazing scene, sent people to investigate Sun Wukong's origins. Most of them already knew the identity of all the Demigods in the World of Hestia.

They had never heard of a character like Sun Wukong, and they wanted to know which faction he belonged to.  

As these undercover investigations were being done, the Monkey King drank wine as he laid on top of the roof of the inn that they were staying in. A chuckle escaped his lips as he thought about what William's reaction would be when he saw them at the Misty Sect.  

"I just hope that the Jade Emperor won't lose his head when he finds out that I smuggled Zhu and Sha from the temple." Sun Wukong scratched his head. "I guess I'd better lie low when I return."

Ever since Zhu and Sha had been granted amnesty, they had been thinking of ways that they could repay William for their freedom. However, no matter how much they thought, the only way for them to repay the Half-Elf was to go to his world.

Because of this, they went to find Sun Wukong and asked him to smuggle them to the World of Hestia. To their surprise the Monkey King readily agreed and their great smuggling plan began.

High above the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, the Jade Emperor massaged his temple.

"Bastards, the lot of you," the Jade Emperor cursed under his breath. He was planning to send Zhu and Sha into one of the golden portals that connected to a higher world.  

The plan was already made so the two faithful subordinates would be able to live wonderful lives in order to compensate them for the hardships that they had experienced these past thousand years.

However, all of that planning had now gone to waste because the ungrateful fools had decided to go to William's world and return the favor that the Half-Elf had given them.  

In the end, the Jade Emperor could only sigh and allow things to take its course. He understood that some things were Fated to happen, so he decided to toss Zhu's and Sha's matter to the back of his mind for the time being.

The Primordial Goddess only chuckled at this unexpected outcome, but she didn't mind it too much.  

Just as the Jade Emperor understood that some things were Fated to happen, the Primordial Goddess knew of this as well.. It would take a strong will to fight against Fate, and only a select few could break away from this Law that governed the Multiverse.







Chapter 694

Three days before the Founding Day of the Misty Sect…

More and more delegations arrived at the Savadeen Mountains. Due to Sun Wukong's earlier escapade, the Misty Sect had reinforced the security of their sect, as well as the City of Eirwen.  

No one dared to cause any more trouble after the Red Devils and the corrupt officials were all dealt with.  

Several Flying carriages pulled by Giant Eagles flew past the city and headed towards the mountaintop. Each of these carriages carried the banner of the Kraetor Empire.  

After a few weeks of travel, Emperor Leonidas, Prince Maximilian, Princess Sidonie, Kenneth, Lilith, Pearl, and other high-ranking nobles had finally arrived at the main branch of the Misty Sect.

As soon as their carriages landed, several inner disciples of the sect respectfully greeted them, and brought them to their temporary residences. The Misty Sect had prepared for this event for a very long time, and all the influential people were given the VIP treatment.

Emperor Leonidas and Prince Maximilian went to see the Sect Master to personally give their greetings. Princess Sidonie, on the other hand, led their entourage to their respective quarters, in order to rest. Although their journey was uneventful, traveling for long distances was still exhausting.

Kenneth and Pearl shared a room, while Lilith went towards the quarters prepared for the Amazons. Empress Andraste had arrived a day earlier, and was waiting for Lilith to tell her about her experiences with William.

"The boy has a big appetite. Not only is Princess Sidonie his fiance, he also married the Sin of Gluttony?" Empress Andraste asked with great interest.  

Lilith nodded. "Yes, Mother. Also, from what I can tell, he is also close to the Sin of Sloth."

Empress Andraste chuckled as she eyed Lilith with a smile. "So, are you interested in him, daughter?"

Lilith frowned. After the incident with Princess Sidonie, her impression of William had greatly changed. Also, during the conference, she had seen "William's" unrestrained attitude. This change in personality confused her, so she couldn't come up with an immediate answer.

"What's wrong? Is he not what you were expecting him to be?" Empress Andrasted pressed on for answers. "Is he not qualified?"

"… He is qualified," Lilith answered after arranging her thoughts. She didn't want to admit that a chill ran down her spine when Wililam had snuck up behind her, and asked for the collar that she had stolen from the Lusty Princess.

For a brief moment, she felt like submitting to his will, and this scared her a lot. Lilith was an unrestrained individual, and didn't want to be tied up, but, in that brief moment, she felt like several invisible shackles had locked her in place, leaving her no room to escape his clutches.

"Do you like him?" Empress Andraste arched an eyebrow because she could tell that her daughter was acting differently from her usual self. She still hadn't met William, but a glance was enough to tell her that he was no ordinary young man.

No ordinary man could make her daughter act with uncertainty, and this made her interest towards the Half-Elf rise to a higher level.

Lilith firmly shook her head. "Mother, giving birth to strong warriors is the duty of the Amazons. Whether we love our partners or not, we will always look at the bigger picture."

Empress Andraste stood up and walked towards Lilith to give her a hug.

"Silly girl," Empress Andraste teased. "Who said that you can't give birth to the child of the one you love? Although we do pride ourselves for choosing a strong partner, there is no law that prohibits us from falling in love."

"Mother, I can't fall in love with that guy. He's so…"

"So?"

"Dumb looking and stupid."

Empress Andraste's shoulders started to shake as she stifled her laughter. "He really made an impression on you. You wouldn't call him dumb looking and stupid otherwise. Well, you don't need to do anything. I look forward to meeting this teenage boy who has recently become the talk of the entire continent."

—–

Inside Sun Wukong's residence inside the MIsty Sect…

"This girl has a lot of potential. I rarely see such a talented girl in my wanderings of the world. It will be a shame if she doesn't get proper guidance from your sect," Sun Wukong said as he patted the head of the little girl who sold apples to Zhu and Sha a few days ago. "Don't you agree?"

Thea forced herself to smile as she nodded her head. She had already subtly checked the body of the little girl a while ago to see if she had any special talent inside her body. Unfortunately, the apple seller was only a normal human, and her body was not suitable for cultivating magic.

"Your Excellency, I don't think she has what it takes to study in our Main Sect," Thea replied respectfully. "However, I can send her to a good learning institution to study. There are plenty of academies in the Central Continent, and I'm sure that she would fit into one of them perfectly."

Sun Wukong chuckled before staring eyeing Thea with contempt.

"Are you saying that my vision is lacking?" Sun Wukong inquired. "Do you think I am blind? Are you implying that I am not capable of seeing how amazing this child is?"

"N-No. That is not what I meant, Your Excellency," Thea stuttered. "I mean, this child is indeed worthy to study at our sect. I will be more than happy to take her in."

Sun Wukong ignored Thea's reply and took out a peach out of thin air. The little girl's name was Amy. A few days ago, she had found herself at the mercy of the Red Devils, but now, she had become the tour guide of Sun Wukong, Zhu, and Sha.

They had given ten percent of the total savings of the Red Devils to her family, so they were not lacking any money. The three decided to take her to the Misty Sect so she could be nurtured properly, and never suffer again.

However, just as Thea surmised, Amy was just an ordinary girl. She didn't have any talents in regards to magic, but this was just a minor matter for the Great Sage that Equaled Heaven.  

"Eat this peach," Sun Wukong coaxed the little girl, who was looking at the peach with curiosity. "Although apples are good, I guarantee that this peach will taste better."

"Thank you, Uncle Wukong," Amy replied as she happily took the peach and bit it.  

Sun Wukong nodded and patted her head. "Good girl."

What he had given Amy was one of the peaches that grew on the Orchard of Longevity back in the Celestial Palace. Those who consumed the fruit would have their bodies strengthened and allow the power of Heaven and Earth to be attracted to their body.

As Amy ate the peach, Wukong once again shifted his attention to Thea who was doing her best to retain her dignity as a Sect Master.

"I want her to have the best education, so make sure to make her one of your inner disciples," Sun Wukong said in a carefree manner. "I will visit her from time to time to check her progress. If I see her getting neglected… hehehe."

Wukong made a slicing gesture on his neck while looking at Thea.  

As the Sect Master, she already knew that she couldn't afford to antagonize such a strong being. Even their Guardian refused to fight Sun Wukong, which proved that the latter was stronger than the protector of their Sect.

"We will do our best, Your Excellency," Thea bowed respectfully. "However, learning magic depends on the talent of the individual. Even if we give her all the best resources, if her ability falls short there is nothing that we can do."

There had been no precedence for a normal human to cultivate the secret arts of the Misty Sect. only those that were able to wield Ice Magic could benefit from it. Thea didn't want to antagonize Sun Wukong, but she didn't really have any way to create a miracle.

No matter how much you beat a dead horse, it will no longer move no matter how hard you try!

Sun Wukong snorted and waved his hands to dismiss Thea's words.  

"Just do as I say," Sun Wukong ordered. "I am not asking for our opinion. The only thing that I want to hear from you is Yes and Yes. So, are you going to train Amy or not?"

"Yes," Thea answered in resignation. "We will train her to the best of our abilities."

Sun Wukong nodded. "That's more like it."

The Elders of the Misty Sect that had accompanied Thea to welcome Sun Wukong and his entourage had complicated expressions on their faces. Even so, at the face of absolute strength, they had no choice but to hold back their complaints in their hearts.

—–

Meanwhile, on the outskirts of the City of Eirwen…

"Oh my goodness! We finally arrived."

"Kekeke. I'm hungry, can we find something to eat first?"

"Okay, the promised date is still a few days away so we can still do some sightseeing," the young man wearing a bamboo hat said with a smile. "Let's enjoy the local delicacies first. Maybe we won't have time to eat anything during the feast."

A little devil landed on William's right shoulder as he eyed the mountain whose peaks were covered by dense clouds. A devilish grin was plastered on his face. Clearly, he was looking forward to the things that he would see at the peak of the Misty Sect.

A little angel landed on Wiliam's left shoulder. He placed his hands behind his back as he, too, looked at the towering mountain in the distance.

The angel's eyes glowed faintly before returning to their normal color. Soon, an angelic smile appeared on his face as a plan formed in his mind.

The young man wearing a bamboo hat wasn't conscious of what his two companions were thinking.. The only thing on his mind was to enter the city and wait for the promised date to arrive.







Chapter 695

Rebecca came out from the Glazed Domain and was told to take a rest inside her room for the time being.  

She had been inside the Domain for nearly two years, in preparation for the battle against William. For her, this battle was just tying up the loose ends of her past.

The genius of the Hellan Kingdom stared at the blizzard that was raging outside her window. This was a very common occurrence in the Savadeen Mountains and she was already used to it.

Rebecca sighed as she sat cross legged on the carpeted floor. She was planning to meditate to clear her mind from mundane thoughts, and circulate the magic power inside her body. Just as she was about to fall into that meditative state, she heard a light cough that came from her window.

Rebecca's eyes fluttered open as she gazed at the direction where the sound came from. There she saw a little person that was only as tall as an adult's hand, and looking back at her with an angelic smile on his face.

He had short blonde hair, light-green eyes, and a face that was both familiar and unfamiliar to her.

"Who are you?" Rebecca asked. She narrowed her eyes and and several icicles floated around her body, pointing at the visitor that had come to her room uninvited.

"My name is Elliot, and I am William's Familiar," Elliot replied. He didn't seem bothered in the slightest about the icicles that were pointing in his direction.  

Rebecca's brows furrowed when she heard Elliot's reply. Now that she had taken a good look at her visitor, she noticed that he did look like the Half-Elf that she was to fight a few days from now.

"Did he send you a message to pass to me?" Rebecca inquired.

This was not the first time that she had seen a familiar. A few of the Elders in the Misty Sect also had familiars, but she had never seen a familiar like Elliot.

"No." Elliot shook his head. "I came here on my own volition. This has nothing to do with William."

A frown appeared on Rebecca's face, but she still decided to ask what Elliot's purpose was for coming.

"Why did you come to find me?"

"I came here to help you beat William."

Rebecca's eyes widened in surprise, but this only lasted for a brief moment. She suddenly became vigilant and thought that this was a scheme made by William, in order to deal with her before their promised battle.

"You have trust issues," Elliot chuckled, "but, this is also a good trait. This is the first time we have met, so being vigilant is the right course of action. Now where was I? Ah yes. I came here to help you beat William."

"I don't need your help."

"Oh, but you do. Even if you are a 7th Circle Magician, your chances of beating him are zero percent."

Rebecca's eyes glowed with power and the number of icicles increased exponentially. With just a thought, all of these icicles would fly and skewer the annoying familiar and make him shut his pretentious mouth.

Elliot was unfazed by Rebecca's open hostility. Instead, he raised his hand and a white glowing crystal appeared.  

"This is the heart of a Crystal Phoenix," Elliot stated. "Tomorrow, you will be taken to meet the Guardian of this Sect, and you will form a temporary contract with it. However, your body is not strong enough to accommodate its power. This is why it will refuse to become your temporary Beast Companion.

"However, if you absorb this Heart Crystal, your body will become its perfect vessel, and you will be able to successfully form a contract with it."

Rebecca stared at the floating crystal in a daze. She could feel very strong magical powers inside of it. A power that was strong enough to make her jump to the 8th Circle, as long as she was able to obtain it.

"I don't believe that you came here to help me," Rebecca forcefully tore her gaze from the crystal and shifted her attention to Elliot. "A familiar betraying its master? I'm not born yesterday. What is your real purpose for coming to me?"

Elliot nodded his head. "You're right. I didn't come here to 'help you' out of the goodness of my heart. There's no free lunch in this world. This Heart Crystal is very precious, so naturally I won't be giving it for free. Would you like to have a bet with me?"

"A bet?"

"Yes."

The angel familiar pushed his hand forward and the crystal floated towards Rebecca, stopping a meter away from her face.

"If you win against William then this Heart Crystal will belong to you," Elliot stated. "That way it will continue to give you a great boost in raising your magical power. Perhaps, a few years from now, you will enter the 10th Circle, and you will be able to look down on this world in disdain."

"And if I lose?" Rebecca asked. She was confident about winning against William. What she was afraid of was that the crystal had been tampered with and it would cause her to lose her match against her Ex-Fiance.

"You will become my subordinate for two years," Elliot replied. "I will be your boss, and you are not allowed to refuse my orders, no matter how unreasonable they might seem to you."

Rebecca wanted to reject the Familiar's offer, but the temptation of reaching the 10th Circle made her heart beat wildly inside her chest. For the past thousand years, no one had been able to step into the 10th Circle.  

For magicians, this was their ultimate goal. It was the highest honor, and her name would be written in the history books, joining the other masters that had also attained the pinnacle of magic.

No magician could possibly reject such an offer. Even though the rank of Rebecca's talent was Perfect Grade, it was not an absolute guarantee that she would be able to reach the 10th Circle in her lifetime.

"Very well, I accept this bet," Rebecca stated.  

"Are you sure?" Elliot crossed his arms over his chest. "If you lose, you will become my subordinate for two years. Are you fine with that?"

"I will not lose."

"I like that confidence of yours."

Elliot waved his hand and a contract appeared beside the floating crystal. "Read the contract and sign it with your blood. Sorry, but verbal agreements don't carry any weight. I only trust contracts."

Rebecca eyed Elliot before glancing at the contract. She had read the details written on it, and there was nothing wrong with it.  

It was exactly as Elliot said. If she won then the Heart Crystal was hers to keep. If she lost then she would become his subordinate for two years. Nothing more, nothing less.

An icicle dagger appeared in Rebecca's hand and she pierced her fingertip with it. She then smudged the contract with her blood, agreeing to the conditions that were written on it.

The contract glowed and two beams of light shot out from it. One flew straight into Elliot's chest, the other flew towards Rebecca's.

"Jolly cooperation," Elliot grinned before flying towards the window. "I'll see you in a few days."

The angelic familiar didn't wait for Rebecca's reply and left the room through the window. The ice-cold wind entered the room and blew across her face, but she wasn't bothered by it.

Rebecca waved her hand and the window closed on its own. She then stared at the Heart Crystal with a complicated expression on her face.

"Just what did you do, WIlliam, to have your own familiar betray you?" Rebecca asked softly.  

She continued to stare at the floating crystal for a few minutes before finally making up her mind. Rebecca pressed the heart crystal against her chest and channeled her magical power to accept it.  

High above the Savadeen Mountains, a powerful magical fluctuation was felt by everyone who had a very strong magical power. The Guardian that was sleeping on top of the mountain's peak, opened its eyes because it had felt the power of its kind for a brief moment.

Its ancient eyes narrowed and focused on a young lady, who was seated cross legged inside her room. It didn't know who Rebecca was, and this was the first time it was seeing her.. Nevertheless, its curiosity was piqued because a mortal was able to release a presence that was beyond her league.







Chapter 696

William and Conan were happily eating the barbecue they had ordered inside their room.

After arriving at Eirwen City, they didn't immediately go to the Misty Sect because the founding day was still two days away. Of course, this was not the main reason they decided to spend a few days in the city.

The main reason was because the red-headed teenager didn't want to mingle with the different factions of the Central Continent. Princess Sidonie had warned him that everyone wanted a piece of him. It was also her idea for William to stay low-profile until the celebration formally began.

"I wonder where Elliot went this time," Conan said after he finished eating.  

William smirked as he placed his fruit juice on the table. "Knowing him, he's probably trying to get under a lady's skirt."

"Kekeke. I can already see that happening."

"Right?"

William and Conan chuckled at the same time. They had already seen how proficient Elliot was at wooing the ladies, that they often get discounts when they bought items from shops that were manned by female clerks.

"My goodness! I'm only gone for a few hours, and the two of you are already slandering my good name?"

Elliot entered the room through the window while shaking his head in disappointment. He then landed beside the plate of barbecue that had been reserved just for him.

"Are we wrong in our assumption?" William asked.  

Elliot chuckled as he pulled a chunk of meat from the barbecue skewer, "You're only half right."

"You said you are going to sightsee alone, but your true aim was to find girls to hit on, right?" Conan crossed his arms in disapproval.  

Elliot ate the meat he'd pulled off the barbecue skewer and chewed happily. He completely ignored Conan's words and just focused on eating for the time being.

"Sometimes, I wonder if your roles are reversed," William said as he rested his chin on the palm of his right hand. "Elliot should be the devil, and Conan should be the angel."

""No thanks.""

The two familiars replied at the same time. Clearly they disagree with William's words. For them, they were born perfect, so there was no need to swap places with each other.

Suddenly, the door of the room opened. Ian and Chiffon entered the room with smiles on their faces. Both of them had gone to the marketplace to buy a few souvenirs that could only be found in the Savadeen Mountains.  

William wasn't too worried about their safety because Chiffon had Sharur accompanying her. If anyone dared to harm his adorable wife, the smasher of thousands would break their skulls with one strike.

As for Ian, he wasn't too worried about her. Unlike Chiffon who had a gentle side, Ian was someone that doesn't show mercy to people that tried to hurt her, or the people important to her.  

After unlocking the Morpher Job Class, the beautiful mermaid could transform into an Elder Elemental that was over ten meters tall. When she took on this form, Ian's battle prowess rose to the Millennial Rank.

Unless a Saint were to deal with her personally, very few people would be able to defeat her in combat.

"Looks like you girls enjoyed your shopping," William greeted the two who were in a good mood.

"Un! You should have accompanied us, Will," Chiffon replied. She then sat on William's right side, and planted a kiss on his cheek. "There will be a great bazaar that will open on the day of the Founding Ceremony. We should go and see if there are good items for sale."

William nodded and patted her head. "Okay. we will go there early before going to the Misty Sect."

"Un!" Chiffon snuggled close to William and closed her eyes in contentment.  

She had always wanted to visit new places, and staying around William allowed her to do that. If possible, she didn't want to return to the Demon Continent or see her father again.  

Ian sat on William's left side and brought out various pastries that she had bought in the marketplace. The mermaid was a foodie, and she liked to eat delicious food. Her twin sister, Isaac, had always handled the cooking, and she was an excellent cook.

Because of this, Ian's standard for food had become high. For her, only food that was equal to, or better than, Isaac's cooking was worth eating.

"You're going to get fat if you always eat cakes and pies," William commented.

Ian completely ignored him as she bit into the freshly baked apple pie that had come from a famous shop in the city. A smile appeared on her face because of how delicious the pie was.

"Chiffon, have some," Ian said as she gave the little glutton a slice of pie.  

"Thank you, Big Sister," Chiffon replied as she held the warm pie in her hands.  

Just like William, Ian spoiled Chiffon a lot. Now that the pink-haired girl had married William, she treated her as a little sister, which made Chiffon very happy.

"Well then, how confident are you in fighting against Rebecca?" Ian asked. "Can you win?"

"I will win," William answered firmly. "I promised you, your sister, and Est that I will lift the curses on your bodies. No matter what happens, I will win."

Ian smiled and nodded. She already knew that William was doing this for their sake, so she knew that the Half-Elf would do his best to win. The only thing she could in return was to stay by his side, and shower him with her love.

—–

At the base of the Savadeen Mountains…

"We're finally here." James looked at the towering mountain with a grin plastered on his face. "I hope those old bastards have arrived already. We have a lot of catching up to do."

Vlad snorted as he glanced at his old friend. "You mean you have a lot more bragging to do. I pity your acquaintances. They might have done some bad things in their past lives to have become your friend in this lifetime."

"Hahaha! Sucks to be them." James roared in laughter as he and Vlad traversed up the mountain. After Morgan had arrived at the Tower of Babylon, James had left him in charge.  

Many people had not heard of James, but everyone in the Central Continent had heard of Morgan.  

As the leader of the notorious Red Plague, he held a considerable deterrence effect that made people behave in the Floors that belonged to the Ainsworth Family. Morgan wasn't known to be a merciful person, and all those who annoyed him would have their bodies melt in a pool of blood.

To James' surprise, the envoys of the Amazons were also very interested in Morgan. They had long heard of him, and his name was placed in the Top Ten of ideal partners of the Amazon Race.

Right now, William's name was on top, while Morgan's was in the Top 5. Unfortunately, Morgan wasn't interested in letting the Amazons have their way with him, which greatly disappointed James.

The old coot sighed as he remembered that he had deemed his son to be a candidate for the "Forever Alone Club".  

Morgan and Maxwell were twins, and both of them were handsome men. However, unlike Maxwell who liked socializing with people, especially with the ladies, Morgan was the complete opposite.  

Although many women had made advances on him, he rejected them all and remained aloof. James hoped that the Amazons would be able to sneak into his bed and give him a surprise when he returned to the Tower of Babylon.

For the time being, James pushed this concern to the back of his mind and stared at the peak of the mountains.  

"There are only two days left before William's and Rebecca's fight," James said softly. "I hope that the Misty Sect doesn't pull any underhanded tricks, for their own good."

Vlad's expression remained calm as he walked beside James. The Demigod of the Southern Continent didn't like to interfere in the affairs of mortals, but since he was dragged around to accompany James, he had no choice but to clean up his mess.

Vlad, too, hoped that nothing underhanded would happen during William's fight with Rebecca. He had secretly observed the war that had happened in the Southern Continent and admired how William resolved the conflict.

If possible, he didn't want to see this ancient mountain, that was as white as snow, be covered with blood.  







Chapter 697

Rebecca walked behind Thea as they climbed up the secret passageway that led to the peak of the Savadeen Mountains.  

This place was a forbidden ground, and no unauthorized members of the Misty Sect were allowed to trek these stairs.

After several high-level meetings over the past few weeks, Thea and the Elders had decided to seek the aid of their Guardian and have it form a temporary contract with Rebecca. This would greatly increase her magical powers, which might allow her to break through the 8th Circle instantly.

With so much pressure hanging over their shoulders, they felt that this was the only way for them to gain an advantage over William. All of them had no idea of how strong the Half-Elf was. The only thing they knew was that he was the new owner of the 51st Floor, and they couldn't take him lightly.

Soon, Thea and Rebecca arrived at a clearing.  

The young genius of the Hellan Kingdom unconsciously shuddered when she saw the magnificent creature that was looking at her with great interest.

"Your Excellency, Meredith, I have brought Rebecca here to seek your aid," Thea said. She had talked to their Guardian a week ago, and the latter had decided to approve their request.

Meredith's only concern was whether Rebecca's vessel was strong enough to accommodate her powers. However, with the help of the Heart of the Crystal Phoenix, this was no longer an issue.

"Good," Meredith replied as her gaze never left the young lady that it had set its eyes on. "Your name is Rebecca, yes?"

"Yes, Your Excellency," Rebecca answered.  

"Do you wish to attain my power?"

"I do."

Meredith narrowed its eyes and a powerful gust of icy wind descended upon Rebecca. A powerful pressure pushed down on the young girl that almost made her kneel.  

Channeling all of the magic powers inside her body, Rebecca gritted her teeth as she held her ground. She knew that this was the Guardian's test, and she had every intention of passing it.

Several minutes passed, and Rebecca felt her body warming up. This was pretty unusual, especially for someone who lived in a cold place like the Savadeen Mountains. A flash of surprise flashed past Rebecca's eyes because she never expected to encounter the signs of a second stage frostbite.

The young genius had thought that she was already immune to the cold, due to the special body refinement that she had practiced since she entered the Sect.  

Breathing deeply, she once again circulated her magic powers inside her body. A few seconds later, her heart turned into an ice crystal. It pulsed with power and washed away the cold that had seeped deep inside her body.

This was the power of the Heart of the Crystal Phoenix that she had absorbed a day ago. It would allow her to strengthen her resistance not only against the element of ice, but the other elements as well.

'I thought it was just my imagination, but it seems that this girl had a really fruitful encounter,' Meredith thought.  

Soon, the powerful pressure decreased, before vanishing completely. Meredith's test was over, and Rebecca was able to gain its approval.

"You are qualified to form a temporary contract with me," Meredith stated. "However, I will only allow you to use a quarter of my powers. More than that and your body might really turn into an ice statue. Is this arrangement fine with you?"

Rebecca nodded. "Yes, Your Excellency."

Meredith spread her wings wide before glancing at Thea.

"Leave, and make sure that no one disturbs us," Meredith ordered. "Come pick her up in the morning. I will need to impart my knowledge to her, so that she knows how best to wield my powers."

Thea respectfully bowed before leaving the clearing. As the Sect Master of the Misty Sect trekked down the mountains, she could feel her heart beating wildly inside her chest. She was feeling excited, and even looking forward to the celebration that was soon to happen.

Thea had complete confidence that no matter how strong William was, Rebecca had the home court advantage. With the Savadeen Mountains serving as an inexhaustible source of Ice Magic, Rebecca would have no problem burying William in a heap of snow.

—–

Chiffon was humming as she looked at her fishing line with great expectations.  

William had taken them to the frozen lake that was a mile away from the city in order to spend some quality time with his lovers.  

The Half-Elf had created a few holes in the ice that covered the lake's surface, and encouraged the two girls to try ice fishing.  

Fishing had become Chiffon's favorite hobby after climbing the Tower of Babylon. As a mermaid, Ian was also good at fishing. But, she wasn't that good at traditional fishing. She preferred to go into the water and capture her prey in their natural habitats.

Of course, right now, all three of them weren't allowed to use any cheats in order to catch fish.  

The smell of barbecued fish reached their noses, and the golden piglet that was seated beside Chiffon's left foot salivated.

Elliot and Conan were in charge of the barbecue, and the two of them diligently cooked the fish that William, Ian, and Chiffon had caught.  

So far, all three of them had caught several fish, which proved that the lake held bountiful resources under its frozen surface.

Just as William was about to grab a skewered fish, he felt several presences that were observing him from afar. He ignored them and bit on the barbecued fish in his hand.  

'The watchers from the Misty Sect are like the paparazzi in my previous world,' William thought as he pretended that he didn't notice them. 'Well, it doesn't matter. As long as they don't do something stupid, I won't do anything to them.'

He had already expected the Misty Sect to keep an eye out for anyone that matched his features. There were very few people that had the same hair color and good looks as him, so he wasn't too surprised that they had started monitoring him right after he arrived in the city.

They had been given strict orders by the Sect Master to just observe William and not make contact with him. Some of them were even using artifacts to secretly measure his strength and magical powers in the distance. However, the results made them think that their measuring devices were broken.

Optimus had ways of shielding William from these prying artifacts. Everytime that someone tried to gauge the Half-Elf's powers, the result that they would get was that of a normal human.

"Leader, are our artifacts broken?" one of the inner disciples, who was tasked to monitor William, whispered.  

"No." the leader replied. "Notify the elders and tell them that we can't gauge his current power level. Also, tell them that the target has already discovered us."

"What?" the inner disciple's eyes widened in shock. "Impossible. How can he discover us from this distance? We are also using the stealth technique of our sect. Leader, I think you're just being paranoid."

The leader glanced at his subordinate with a calm expression on his face. He couldn't be bothered to explain, and just ordered everyone to return to the city.  

The leader of the Inner Disciples glanced at William one last time before running away. He had a highly developed sixth sense, and this had saved his life countless times in the past.  

Although the Half-Elf wasn't doing anything peculiar, his small angelic familiar had been looking in their direction, while barbecuing. The latter had even winked at him when he was observing William's group through the lens of a telescope.  

Although the familiar had a dazzling smile on his face, the leader felt that if he didn't leave soon, he would definitely regret it.

Elliot watched the disciples of the Misty Sect back away as he handed Bacon a fish skewer. His eyes glowed briefly, and a peal of thunder echoed in the distance, followed by a lightning strike that landed a few meters away from the retreating disciples.

If the disciples had thought that their captain was only being paranoid earlier, they realized their folly as all of them ran away in earnest.  

"Good job, Elliot," William said as he gave his Angelic Familiar a thumbs up.

"Hahaha, this is but a small thing," Elliot replied as he gave William a mischievous smile. 'This is the least that I can do to compensate for the hardship you will encounter in two days' time.'

Elliot chuckled internally as he gave Bacon another fish skewer.. He was looking forward to actually watching the entertaining scene that he had seen in his vision several weeks ago.







Chapter 698

In a wide open space, just outside the Sect Building, thousands of tables all filled with delicious foods were laid out for the guests of the Misty Sect.

Today was their Founding Day, and Thea, along with the Elders were busy talking to the important people of the realm and the mood was quite lively.

Of course, the majority of them were there to witness the battle between William and Rebecca. This was not a secret, and those that had done their research about the Half-Elf's history would know the significance of this battle between the two of them.

James, William's grandfather, was given a VIP seat, and the old coot was happily eating and drinking alongside several old foxes of the Hellan Kingdom.

"You old bastard. If you sought me and not Lawrence for matchmaking, I would have definitely agreed to your request," a chubby old man said. "You see, my granddaughter has grown to be a beauty. She's just a year younger than William, but I believe that the two of them are a match made in heaven. Why don't we have the two of them meet, and see if they get along?"

"Hah! That granddaughter of yours is indeed a little pretty, but my granddaughter is a little angel. She just turned twelve this year. Give her a few more years and she will become the ideal wife…"

"Hold it right there, old man! Have you no shame? Your granddaughter is practically a child! James, we've known each other for a long time. My granddaughter is twenty three this year. Although she's a bit older, young men these days prefer someone with a more mature charm…"

Lawrence glared at the senile old men that were doing their best to ingratiate themselves to James. If these were normal times, the old fools would have ignored William's grandfather and even forcefully kicked him out of their territories.  

Jevan, Wendy's grandfather, had a contented smile on his face as he drank his wine. William and his granddaughter were already married, so the Ainsworths' were practically his in-laws. He didn't have to ingratiate himself to James, because they already had William in the bag.

Although the rice was still not cooked, the pot was already on the burner. Wendy's position as William's first wife was firm and secure. No matter how many wives William had in the future, his granddaughter would be the main wife.

'My granddaughter is good,' Jevan thought. 'It's quite unfortunate that Ainsworths didn't have any daughters. James would kill me if I propose that his granddaughter Eve be engaged to Spencer.'

Jevan glanced at this grandson, who had come with him to the Central Continent. Wendy was currently inheriting the Secret Arts of their family, so she was unable to accompany them to see her husband.

James, who was the center of attention, laughed out loud and enjoyed being in the spotlight. He even started to brag that he was the one that taught William everything he knew since he was a baby.  

Not far from James, another VIP table was set. However, in this table, there were only four people. Sun Wukong, Zhu, Sha, and the little girl, Amy.

Amy had been officially accepted as a disciple of the Misty Sect and was even registered as one of their inner disciples. Naturally, this special treatment was due to Sun Wukong's presence, because no one would dare to offend a Demigod.

Sun Wukong eyed James with great interest. He only found out that the old braggart was William's grandfather an hour ago, and with a glance, he could tell that both of them were two peas in a pod.

After sipping his wine, the Monkey King's gaze landed on Vlad who was seated beside James. Vlad sensed Sun Wukong's gaze and gave him a brief nod.  

Sun Wukong briefly nodded as well in greeting. Both of them were Demigods, so it was quite easy for them to sense each other's strength.

'This person is stronger than me,' Vlad mused as he eyed the brown-haired man who was coaxing the little girl seated by his side to drink some fruit juice.

Vlad was confident that he was among the strongest Demigods in the World of Hestia. However, after seeing Sun Wukong, he realized that there was someone who managed to reach the level that blurred the distance between a Demigod and a God.

Sun Wukong might not be a God, but he was the next best thing, and very few were his match under the ranks of Gods.

Princess Sidonie was seated beside the Royal Family of the Kraetor Empire. She was feeling very bored because she was waiting for William to appear. Although she was able to be together with the Half-Elf inside the Thousand Beast Domain, she felt envious of Ashe and Chiffon who were always by his side.

'Such is the responsibility of the Royal Bloodline.' Princess Sidonie sighed.

As one of the most beautiful young ladies of the realm, several young men weren't able to take their eyes off her. Some of them were Princes', while others were prodigies whose name reached far and wide.

Princess Sidonie politely rejected their invitations and advances to talk to her. She was not in the mood to socialize with other men. Her beloved was more than enough for her.

'Still, there are a few annoying people here as well,' Princess Sidonie thought as she felt the presence of the members of the Seven Virtues.

Ephemera, the maiden that represented Justice, was chatting with two young ladies whose Divinities made Princess Sidonie's skin crawl.  

After she arrived at the Central Continent, he went to the Royal Library in search for the identities of the counterparts of the Seven Deadly Sins. Although the Seven Sins and Seven Virtues were not openly hostile to each other, conflicts between them were as natural as the sun rising from the East.

'Temperance and Fortitude.' Princess Sidonie eyed the Ephemera's acquaintances. 'Could they also be here for William?'

As if sensing her gaze, Ephemera glanced at her direction. The two ladies beside her did the same thing. Soon, a mocking smile appeared on Ephemera's face as she mouthed a word to Princess Sidonie.

Right after that, she chuckled. The two ladies beside her only smiled and gave Princess Sidonie a brief nod.

Princess Sidonie returned their greeting with a nod of her own.

Slut.

That was the word that Ephemera had said in order to mock her. The beautiful princess wasn't offended by her words. The past bearers of the Divinity of Lust were well known for their passionate hobbies of making love to men and women alike.  

If Princess Sidonie hadn't met William in his life, she might have also suffered the same fate as them.

Lilith saw this exchange but didn't do anything. Although she and Princess Sidonie were both carriers of the Seven Sins, the two of them weren't close. She didn't feel the need to help her against their counterparts, and was even looking forward to a confrontation.

Unfortunately, Princess Sidonie wasn't someone who could be taunted by such petty schemes. She just waited for her beloved to arrive. Because she knew that no matter what anyone said behind her back, her future husband was the reason why everyone had come to the Misty Sect.

'Don't worry, you little b*tch.' A smile appeared on Princess Sidonie's face as she lightly twirled the fruit juice in her cup.. 'After I'm done with you, we'll see who will have the last laugh.'







Chapter 699

While everyone was having a lively chat with each other, a young lady with long, light-brown, hair and green eyes, walked towards the arena that was a hundred meters away from the banquet.

At first, no one noticed her because she was wearing the same light-blue robes of the inner disciples of the misty Sect.  

Rebecca stood at the center of the arena with her hands behind her back. Her hair fluttered in the breeze as she waited for William to arrive.

She was like a fairy that came out of a fairy tale. The little girl whom the Half-Elf had seen back in Lont, had grown up to be a beauty that many would want to covet.  

Soon, almost everyone in the banquet was looking in her direction. Everyone appraised her bearing from head to toe, trying to know more about this young lady whose fate had been tied with William's since they were babies.

"So, that's Rebecca," Princess Sidonie muttered as she arched an eyebrow. "Well, she's not half bad."

Several young ladies had the same opinion as Princess Sidonie as they looked at the girl who was said to be William's very first fiance. Even though they were all girls, they had to admit that Rebecca was someone who was worthy to be paired up with the red-headed teenager, who managed to surprise the entire world.

Lawrence looked at his granddaughter and sighed in his heart. No matter what happened, he was on her side. Although he felt that her chances of winning were slim, he would still cheer for her because blood was thicker than water.

"The heroine is already here, but the protagonist is still not around," Empress Andraste said with a smile. "Who do you think will win, Lilith?"

Lilith lazily leaned on her chair as she eyed Rebecca from afar. Now that she had seen William's childhood friend, her interest in her had already waned. "No one here is expecting her to win. The only thing I care about is how she will lose, that's all."

Although Lilith didn't raise her voice, it was still loud enough for those who were near their table to hear.

The Elders of the MIsty Sect had calm expressions on their faces, while their disciples looked at Rebecca with a complicated gaze.

All of them belong to the same camp, but the disciples weren't too optimistic of her chances of winning. Only the Elders of the Sect were aware of the Trump Cards that they had prepared for this match.

They were very confident that Rebecca would win, and her victory would spread their sect's fame across the world.  

While everyone was wondering when William would appear, a peal of thunder rumbled across the heavens. A few seconds later, a lightning bolt descended upon the arena and bathed the venue with light.

When the light receded, everyone saw a golden spear that was stuck in the ground. Floating beside it were two small people who were only as big as an adult's hand.  

One of them was wearing a white robe, with white wings flapping behind his back. The other wore black, and had bat-like wings that were spread out wide.  

"Prepare for Trouble!" Elliot said as he made a dabbing pose.  

"And make it Double!" Conan said as he also made a similar pose.

"To protect the world from Monster Infestation."

"To unite all Awesome men within our nation."

"To denounce the evil of handsomeness and love."

"To extend our reach to the Gods and Goddesses above."

"Elliot!"

"Conan!"

"Team William blasting off with all our might."

"Surrender now, or prepare to fight!"

The golden spear glowed and a handsome Half-Elf with red hair, and light green eyes appeared in front of everyone.

"That's right." William flipped his hair before taking an arrogant pose.  

A giant explosion appeared behind the three, which would put the Power Rangers' fighting pose to shame.  

Everyone in the banquet quieted down due to the unexpected entrance of the young man whom they had traveled a great distance to see.

Suddenly, a loud laughter broke the silence as James stood up from his seat and clapped his hands with great joy.

"Bravo! That's my boy!" James shouted. "Damn, you were almost as awesome as me when I was your age."

The people who sat beside James looked at the old man in contempt. When he was William's age, the only thing he did was get beaten to a pulp by Erza (James' wife), whom he was trying to woo.  

Rebecca, who was standing in front of William, was doing her best to keep the grimace that pressed for release from showing on her face.  

The three fools were still basking in their "awesome" entrance, and had no time to care about what Rebecca, or everyone else, was feeling.  

"I should have worn glasses and raised my chin one more centimeter," William muttered as he tried to fix his pose. "In doing so, my coolness factor would have increased another twenty five percent."

"Indeed. We also should have worn matching clothes," Elliot nodded his head in agreement. "That would have given our group more appeal."

"Kekeke, we should have added some confetti after the explosion." Conan joined in the discussion. "Flower petals would also do. It will give us that extra OOMF!, which would make our entrance have more impact."

"Right." William nodded his head. "Elliot, I'll leave you to handle the preparations. The next time we do this, we're gonna do this right."

"Aye, aye, Captain." Elliot saluted. "Leave this task to me. Consider it done."

William and Conan nodded their heads. They knew that if they left these tasks to Elliot, it would be handled with perfection.

Princess Sidonie covered her face due to second hand embarrassment. For a brief moment, she wanted to pretend that she had no relationship with William. Only Morgana, who was inside their shared Mindscape was laughing out loud, and even clapping her hands in enjoyment.

Suddenly, a Black Qilin landed in the arena. Sitting on its back was Ian and Chiffon who had accompanied William to the Misty Sect.

Chiffon was looking at William with sparkling eyes, while Ian had a similar expression to Princess Sidonie. If possible, they wanted to pretend that the handsome Half-Elf was a stranger and had no relation with them.

"Join Sidonie and wait for me to finish this, Chiffon," William said as he patted the pink-haired girl's head. "Look after her for me, Ian."

"Un!"

"Okay."

The two left the arena walking hand in hand and headed towards the beautiful Princess who was already waving in their direction.

After looking at his lovers for a few seconds, William then shifted his attention to Rebecca who had already managed to compose herself.

"Long time no see," William said with a smile. "You've become prettier."

Rebecca smiled. "Indeed. It has been a while. You've become rather handsome."

"Shall we start?"

"Okay."

William and Rebecca unleashed their magical powers at the same time, sending a gust of air blasting in every direction.

Both of them had waited many years for this day and, now, all of their grievances would finally be settled on the peak of the Misty Sect.  







Chapter 700

"I didn't think you had the ability to wield magic," Rebecca said as her powerful magic power clashed against William's.

William smiled as he crossed his arms over his chest. "There are many things you don't know about me."

"Well, you're not wrong."

"Right?"

The two once again increased the strength of their magical powers. A sound that was similar to something cracking spread across the arena as both of their magical powers tried to overwhelm each other.

Suddenly, both of them took a step forward and disappeared from where they stood. The sound of crystals breaking reverberated in the air as both of them fought each other, using weapons made from ice.

With each clash, their weapons would shatter.

With each exchange another explosion would take place.

Eleanor's eyes widened in shock because she couldn't believe what she was seeing. The Shepherd was actually using ice magic, and from the looks of it, he was an expert in wielding its power.

Back then, when she was still in the Hellan Kingdom, William didn't show any signs that he was able to use Ice Magic. Even when he fought against Kingsley and won, he never showcased this kind of mastery over magic.

Lady Miriam, the one who had suffered humiliation under William's hands, was equally shocked at the scene in front of her. She had thought that the red-headed teenager had managed to clear the 51st Floor as a warrior, and not as a magician. She even thought that someone was impersonating William to battle in his place.

Thea, who was paying close attention to the battle, frowned. According to the information that she had gathered from Eleanor and Lady Miriam, William didn't have any affinity with magic. Since that was the case, she could only think that the Half-Elf had a fortuitous encounter.  

However, the one who was most shocked of all was Lawrence.  

The Old Fox of Griffith had used his magic to appraise William during his visit to Lont. As an Archmage, his sensitivity to magic was higher than most. During that time, he didn't sense any kind of Magical Power inside William's body. Even if the boy had hidden this talent, Lawrence would have been able to unearth it due to his uncanny ability.

"You. Explain this to me," Lawrence glared at James. "How did your grandson manage to be able to use Magic?"

James glanced at the Old Fox whose veins were at the verge of popping out of his head.

"What's there to explain?" James asked back. "William is my grandson. Naturally, he is as talented as me. Wielding magic is as easy as breathing to him. When he was ten years old, he killed a Millennial Beast using Ice Magic."

Everyone that was seated near James wanted to drown him in spit. They completely ignored the old man's claim about William being as awesome as him, because bragging was James' natural disposition.  

However, even if you beat them silly, they would never believe that a ten-year-old had been able to slay a Millennial Beast using Ice Magic.  

They were not little kids that could be tricked so easily!

"Impossible! Do you think I'm a gullible child?" Lawrence wanted to slap James out of anger because he thought that the old coot was joking with him.

James shrugged as he shifted his attention back to the battle that was currently happening in the arena.  

"I answered your question," James answered. "Whether you believe it or not is completely up to you. I wouldn't lose sleep over something so trivial. He is my grandson, so him being awesome is only natural."

William and Rebecca both took a step back and distanced themselves from each other. After fighting in close range, the Half-Elf was pleasantly surprised that his opponent was also proficient in close combat.

Not all mages could do this. This only meant that Rebecca had undergone extensive training in both her magical and close quarter abilities.

Rebecca waved her hands simultaneously and hundreds of Icicle shards flew in William's direction.

The Half-Elf didn't make a move to dodge Rebecca's strike and simply stomped his right foot.  

Suddenly, several pillars of ice that formed a triangle appeared in front of him, deflecting the ice shards and making them bounce off his improved Ice Wall.

Elliot and Conan had flown outside of the arena and acted as spectators. William had said that this would be a one-on-one battle, so they were not allowed to interfere.

After Rebecca's icicle barrage lost its power, William stomped his left foot on the ground and several ice shards protruded on the ground, charging in his opponent's direction.

These shards were over two meters tall, and looked incredibly sharp and deadly.  

Rebecca jumped upwards and spun in the air, creating an ice tornado. It absorbed the ice shards and flung it in different directions.

Naturally, the protective barriers of the Arena activated, preventing their attacks from harming the people who were watching the battle as they ate, and drank. For most of the guests, this was the reason why they visited the Misty Sect. It was all just entertainment, and a way to gauge William's overall strength.

They wanted to see the power that allowed him to conquer the Devil's Floor and open a new era to mankind.

Empress Andraste's eyes never left William. She was dissecting his every move, his usage of magical power, and even his breathing.  

As the battle progressed, she was liking the Half-Elf more and more because the way he fought was outstanding for his age. There were very few individuals who could achieve such mastery, but she knew that both fighters were still not using their trump cards.

"I'm sure this warmup will end soon," Empress Andraste muttered as she glanced at her daughter, Lilith, who was also paying close attention to William. She hadn't even looked at Rebecca once when the fight started.

Ephemera and her two companions were chatting casually as the battle waged on. For them, this wasn't a big deal, especially for Ephemera.

As one of the Virtues that specialized in combat, her only concern was whether both fighters would fight with the intention to kill. It was very easy for her to tell that neither of the two combatants showed any killing intent towards each other.

In her eyes, the two were just playing house, and it was not the least bit exciting.

Suddenly, an idea came to her head. She gathered a bit of her magical energy in her hand, as she looked at the ongoing battle in the distance.  

Just as she was about to subtly interfere with the battle, she felt a stinging pain in her hand, which almost made her cry out loud.

"Just watch," a little girl with fairy-like wings hovered in front of her face with her arms crossed over her chest. "My disciple is fighting. If you don't want me to smash your face, you better keep your hands in the right place."

William's sixth Master, Chloee, eyed Ephemera like an annoying pest. She had just arrived at the banquet, and was just in time to see the battle. However, when she felt the subtle fluctuation that was gathering in Ephemera's hand, she knew that the girl with long purple hair was planning to play a dirty trick towards her disciple.

This was something that she couldn't allow to happen, so she immediately went to slap her hand, which made Ephemera cry out in pain.

"Y-You!" Ephemera said through gritted teeth.  

She had met Chloee in the past, and knew how scary this little familiar was.. Even someone as arrogant as her would not dare to antagonize this little juggernaut who liked to smash furniture, and people's faces.







Chapter 701

 

Sun Wukong smirked as he sipped the wine on his cup. He had already sensed Ephemera's naugthy scheme, but he didn't do anything about it.

The reason? He saw the little familiar fly straight towards the girl with long, purple hair, and light-red eyes with an expression that screamed "No, B*tch! Not on my watch!".

'Little Will is well loved,' Sun Wukong mused as he once again looked at the Half-Elf who was exchanging ice spells with Rebecca. For him, William's appearance at the Heavenly Domain was still fresh in his mind.

He was also curious about what the red-headed teenager was doing back in his world, so when Zhu and Sha asked him to smuggle them to Hestia, the Monkey King thought that it was the perfect opportunity to go and give William a visit.

Sun Wukong didn't expect that the moment they arrived, they would hear about William's exploits, which surprised the three who hailed from the Celestial Domain.

This prompted them to travel to the Savadeen Mountains where William would be appearing next. It was better to wait for him than to arrive than randomly scour the land in search of the person that they were looking for.

Suddenly, a powerful explosion resounded in the arena which made both fighters skid a few meters away from each other. Rebecca glanced at her opponent and decided to use her trump card.

"I'm going to get serious now,' Rebecca announced.

William's expression became dignified as he stood straight as a sword. Everyone that was watching the battle knew that the real battle was at hand, so all of their gazes focused on the two fighters.

"Sacred Guardian, brightest light in the skies, I come to you in my times of need," Rebecca chanted as her body glowed in bluish hue. "Grant me your power, so I can vanquish my foes who stand before me. Oh eternal flame that covers the land in pristine white, grant me your illustrious grace!"

"Meredith!"

The air trembled, and an overbearing presence descended upon the venue. Behind Rebecca, the image of an Ice Phoenix materialized. A powerful blizzard started to rage in the surroundings and ice, and snow, turned the surroundings into a frozen wonderland.

Everyone that was watching the battle could feel the power of a Pseudo-Demigod emanating from the Ice Phoenix that materialized behind Rebecca. They knew that the Savadeen Mountains housed a powerful being, but very few were able to see its true form.

At that exact moment, the beautiful lady's magical power exploded and increased at an alarming pace. Those who were proficient in magic frowned because they didn't expect that a teenager was able to release a power of this magnitude.

"Saint Rank," Lilith snorted. "What a joke. A Pseudo-Demigod and a Saint teaming up against someone in a one-on-one battle? Ridiculous."

 

Some of the guests chuckled evilly in their hearts because they now understood what the Misty Sect was trying to show them.

"They're desperate to win, and gain fame by beating William," Princess Sidonie said softly as a frown appeared on her face. "Shameless."

Some of the guests that heard her nodded their heads in agreement, but the elders of the MIsty Sect didn't care about what they thought. All of their gazes landed on the red-headed teenager to see his reaction on the powerful foes that had appeared in front of him.

Earlier, William's face looked dignified, but now it was slightly pale.

Those who had seen this change of expression on the Half-Elf's face, assumed that he must be panicking at the moment. They even thought that if they were in William's place, they wouldn't fare any better either.

Everyone was half right. William was indeed fighting one of the greatest battles in his life, and he was on the losing end of it.

'I shouldn't have eaten so much for breakfast,' William thought as beads of sweat started to appear on his forehead. 'If this goes on, I may not be able to last long.'

Meredith, the Guardian of the Misty Sect, shrieked and flapped her wings, creating powerful gusts of winds that were hurtling in William's direction.

The Half-Elf stood his ground as he did his best to withstand the attack that was headed in his direction. The gusts of wind was merely a greeting and not a formal attack. This was why William didn't defend himself and let the wind collide with his body. As everyone expected, no damage was done.

However, if one were to look closely, William's expression turned even more pale after being on the receiving end of Meredith's greeting.

'Optimus, help me,' William pleaded.

< What can I do for you, Will?>

'I need to take a dump.'

<... Excuse me? >

William was doing his best not to make any unnecessary movements because he was afraid that the dam would burst if he wasn't careful.

 

'I need to take a dump,' William repeated.

< Then find a place and get it over with. >

'I can't,' William answered through gritted teeth. 'If I move now, it will come out.'

Optimus quieted down as he calculated the possible solution to this problem. He didn't expect that William would suffer such an unexpected setback during a crucial time.

< Will, I finally found a solution! >

'Really?! What is it. Please hurry. I can't last any longer!"

< Just do it while standing up. >

'... Dafuk?'

Rebecca looked at her opponent's face and noticed that William's face was pale. A smile appeared on her face because she had already expected this scene from happening. She had been sheltered in the Misty Sect ever since she had left the Southern Continent. For her, a Saint and a Pseudo-Demigod was on the top of the food chain, and anyone below that rank were merely ants.

"Surrender," Rebecca said. "There's no shame in backing out of a battle that you can't win."

Meredith eyed William in contempt. It had long wanted to see the Half-Elf who had conquered the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon. It thought that William was someone powerful, but looking at the boy's constipated expression, it could tell that the Half-Elf had been overwhelmed by its presence.

William ignored Rebecca's words because he was having a serious discussion with Optimus on how to deal with their current circumstance. The Half-Elf was not afraid of the Saint-like pressure Rebecca was giving off nor of the presence of the Pseudo-Demigod in front of him.

What he was afraid of was that he would be unable to hold back the force of nature that was threatening to burst forth from the depths of his being.

< Will, I have an idea. The only question is, are you brave enough to do it? >

'Bring it on, Bro!'

 

Optimus immediately shared what it had in mind because it knew that William was reaching his limit. According to his estimation, William had less than three minutes left before he released the Kraken!

The beads on William's forehead increased as he listened to Optimus' daring plan. Since he had no other choice, he decided to bite the bullet and put his plan into action.

"You are not qualified to fight me," William said as he raised his chin in arrogance. "Do you think a little Saint like you is enough to beat me? I refuse to lower myself to your level. If I have to fight, I will fight that little bird behind you. It is barely qualified to fight against the awesome me!"

William's disdainful words made everyone look at him in a new light. It was not everyday that someone would openly challenge a Pseudo-Demigod, and he'd even done it in an overbearing way.

"Darling is so awesome!" Morgana, who had switched with Princess Sidonie, cheered.

Chiffon smiled and nodded her head in agreement. "Will can easily win this battle. This battle is nothing compared to what we experienced on the Devil's Floor."

"Just a Saint and a Pseudo-Demigod?" Ian snorted. "We saw a lot of them during the Southern Invasion. Only those that haven't been baptized with war would falter in their presence.

William's lovers fully supported their man and cheered for him. In their eyes, William could easily swat Meredith and Rebecca away with ease if he used his Heroic Avatar. They were not aware that he had been given a restriction in this match against Rebecca.

James, on the other hand, looked at William with a frown. He wasn't roaring in laughter, or clapping his hands in glee. Although his grandson looked very valiant right now, and was similar to a hero that was about to slay the Demon Lord, James felt that something was definitely wrong.

'Why does Will look like he is about to take a dump?' James thought as he looked at William's fearless expression. 'Am I just overthinking things?'

The temperature in the arena became colder as Meredith unleashed its divine powers. In its long lifetime, no one had dared to call it a "little bird" and William's words that were filled with disdain and ridicule struck its nerve.

"You want to fight me?" Meredith asked.

"You can refuse if you're scared," William snorted. "In my eyes, you're just a weakling. Do you really think that you're that great? Come. Fight me if you dare. I'll only use a hand to slap you silly."

William's raised his right hand in a slapping gesture, while his left hand unconsciously pressed against his bum. He didn't have much time, and every word he spoke moved the payload ever closer towards the exit.

He only had one chance at redemption. If he had to do it, he had to do it right!


Chapter 702

 

(Disclaimer: It is best if you don't drink or eat anything while reading this chapter. Some scenes are not for the faint of heart. You have been warned.)

Meredith narrowed its eyes as it looked at the Half-Elf who seemed to have a deathwish.

It was once a Demigod, but due to certain circumstances, its rank had regressed, similar to what happened to Kasogonaga.

As a Beast that had reached the apex of the Mortal Realm, it could see no fear in William's eyes. No one could lie in front of a Demigod, and although Meredith's rank had decreased, its senses were keen enough to pick up the Half-Elf's utter disregard for its presence.

"What's wrong?" William asked. He looked at the fifty-meter tall Ice Phoenix with a sneer. "Are you afraid? Haha– Mmh!"

William forcefully closed his mouth to stop himself from laughing because he felt the danger in his colon start to move.

Meredith was still on the fence about whether to fight against William or not. For some reason, its sixth sense was warning it that it would face great danger if it faced the red-headed teenager whose face was turning paler with each passing second.

Just when Meredith was about to refuse, a mocking voice reverberated in the air.

"My goodness! A Pseudo-Demigod is afraid to fight a one-on-one battle?" Elliot asked in disdain. "If that's the case, what was the point of you showing yourself right now? Are you perhaps here to fight William in a two versus one battle? Utterly preposterous. Are you really a Crowned Ice Phoenix?"

Conan chuckled when he heard his twin's mocking tone. "More like an Ice Chicken!! Did you see us enter the arena to fight that girl, Rebecca, in a three versus one battle? If you don't have the guts then scram, weakling!"

Meredith frowned and fired two Ice Blade at the two annoying familiars that were outside the arena. More than anything else, it disliked being ridiculed by anyone.

Just as the two Ice Blades were about to hit Elliot and Conan, a golden staff appeared in front of them and smashed the Ice Blades into pieces.

 

"Do you feel proud of bullying the weak?" Sun Wukong asked. His voice was filled with contempt. "How about you pick on someone your own size?"

Sun Wukong stood up from his seat and raised his hand. The golden staff that blocked Meredith's attack returned to his hand and a metallic sound echoed spread across the venue.

Meredith didn't dare to answer Sun Wukong's challenge and pretended that it didn't hear it. In its current state, there was simply no chance of winning against Sun Wukong, who was a Demigod that was at its peak.

"Fine. I will fight you in a one-on-one battle," Meredith said as it looked at William. "I will not hold back. So I apologize in advance if I accidentally kill you."

William smiled and switched his Job Class to Elemental Overlord. This was the second Job Class advancement of the Elemental Lord Job Class, and he had almost maxed it out during his training in the Atlantis Dungeon.

He flew over a thousand meters in the air with a serious expression on his face. If one were to look closely, his legs were already shaking because he was nearing his limit.

Meredith screeched and faced William. Rebecca remained on the ground and watched the battle with a complicated expression on her face.

"Mortal, I will show you the stupidity of your actions," Meredith stated as its body glowed. "I will turn you into a crystal statue and add you to my collection!"

William summoned Soleil and threw it down onto the arena, where it embedded itself.

He then summoned Stormcaller and pointed it in Meredith's direction.

"Enough talk, let's fight!" William said.

Meredith flapped its wings and opened its beak. A blue orb of light appeared in front of its beak. It was planning to use a powerful breath attack to freeze the arrogant mortal in front of it.

 

William, on the other hand, merely pointed his spear at his opponent. His lips moved ever so softly as if muttering something.

"Quickshot War Art, Fusion Form…"

Suddenly, William disappeared and the blue breath attack of the Phoenix exploded in a shower of sparks.

A confused expression appeared on Meredith's face as it subconsciously swallowed something that had entered its mouth.

The other guests might have not noticed what had transpired, but the experts among the guests saw everything clearly. The people around James looked at each other in shock, because they didn't expect William to do such a daring thing!

'Don't tell me…' the corner of James' lips twitched as he thought of a possibility. He had already noticed William's strangeness, but he wasn't sure if his hunch was right. After all, if he was right then his grandson's last resort was totally understandable.

—--

William stabbed Stormcaller at the Ice Phoenix's throat in order to stop his descent in his opponent's esophagus. The Half-Elf hung in place with a smile.

"Yes! Success!" William thought as he summoned several icicles, and embedded them on the Ice Phoenix's throat, in order to create a firm foothold. After everything was done, William pulled down his pants and released the Kraken!

—--

Meredith was feeling smug. Although there was a slight mishap in the order of things, it didn't change the fact that it had already eaten the pesky Half-Elf who dared to tarnish its reputation.

It could sense the stares of everyone in the Misty Sect, and its eyes glowed in triumph.

 

'You can only blame your stupidity,' Meredith thought. 'So what if you are the one that conquered the 51st Floor of Babylon? In my eyes, you're nothing!"

The Ice Phoenix spread its wings wide and was about to utter a mighty screech to announce its victory. However, instead of a powerful cry of triumph, what escaped its mouth was…

"Purururururuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut!"

The spectators all blink in disbelief of what they heard. For some reason, they felt that the sound was oddly familiar.

Meredith immediately clamped its mouth shut tight. It also didn't know why such a thing happened. After half a minute, it once again opened its mouth to announce its victory when it smelt something unusual.

Its nose sniffed the air and contemplated on the nature of the scent that had suddenly assaulted its senses

'Smells like sh*t,' Meredith thought as it once again closed its mouth. A few seconds later, it could taste something else as well.

'Taste like sh*t.' It was at that moment when the Ice Phoenix's eyes widened in surprise. Its face then suddenly turned red, then green after coming into a realization.

"I'll kill you!" Meredith roared in anger. Its voice descended from the sky like a hammer and the entirety of the MIsty Sect trembled due to its might.

It couldn't believe that someone was unscrupulous enough to do something so shameless inside its body.

"William Von Ainsworth! I'll kill you!" Meredith's hate-filled cry resounded in the heavens. It had never hated a mortal as much as it hated William at this point in time. If curses could kill, the Half-Elf would have died a thousand times already.

Unfortunately, it couldn't, so the red-headed teenager continued to finish his business, which made the Guardian of the Savadeen Mountains almost crazy with anger.


Chapter 703

 

The Ice Phoenix started to fly erratically in the air as if it was suffering from an epilepsy attack.

The members of the Misty Sect could tell that something terrible was happening to their Guardian, but they had no idea what it was. Thea and the Elders looked anxiously at their guardian who seemed to be suffering from a stomachache.

Their guests had the same thought as them. Although they weren't a hundred percent certain, they believed that the one that was responsible for Meredith's current circumstance was none other than William.

"Maybe Will is harming the Ice Phoenix from inside," Ian said before glancing at the beautiful Princess seated by her side. "What do you think, Princess?"

Morgana was currently the one in control of Princess Sidonie's body, and she nodded her head in agreement."That is the only thing that I can think of at the moment. I think Darling knew that he had no chance in fighting Meredith in a head on collision, so he decided to infiltrate its body and destroy it from within.'

Chiffon looked at the Ice Phoenix that was struggling to fly in the sky with amusement. "Will is really amazing. Even an Ice Phoenix is no match for him."

Sun Wukong spat the wine he was drinking at Zhu who was seated in front of him. The chubby young man looked at Sun Wukong with a face filled with injustice, as he wiped the wine off his face, and expensive clothes.

"Senior Brother, you should at least conform with the basic etiquette when you are in a social gathering," Zhu said in a helpless voice.

"Sorry," Sun Wukong waved his hand. "I'll go wash up. I'll be back later."

The powerful monkey king hurriedly stood up and headed straight towards the washroom. As a being of its caliber, Sun Wukong was able to see through things using the power of his Fiery Golden Eyes.

His eyes could allow him to identify evil no matter what form it takes. Right now, William was doing a very evil thing and he regretted his decision because the scene he witnessed was the uncensored version.

"%$@%^^$&^!" Sun Wukong cursed when he reached his destination. There were things that you couldn't unsee once you saw them. This was one of those times when the Monkey King wished that he hadn't allowed his curiosity to get the best of him.

Rebecca, who was in the arena, frowned. She had formed a contract with Meredith and they shared their senses to each other. Although the young genius couldn't fully grasp what was happening to the Ice Phoenix, she was feeling a terrible sense of dread that wouldn't go away no matter how hard she tried to calm herself.

Meanwhile inside Meredith's body…

"Whoa!" William who was still in the middle of his business summoned more Ice Spears and embedded it on the Ice Phoenix's throat, in order to stabilize his position.

"Time out!" William shouted. "I'm still not done!"

'I'll kill you!' Meredith's powerful telepathic voice reached William's mind and the Half-Elf could feel its strong murderous intent.

 

"Just calm your tits. After I'm done, I'll fight you for two hundred rounds!"

'Die!'

Meredith's movements became more erratic and it could feel its face burn in shame and humiliation due to William's immoral actions.

"F*ck! This birdbrain has lost it!" William felt anxious because everything around him was shaking like crazy.

A few minutes later, William finished his business, and immediately used cleansing spells to clean himself. The Half-Elf knew the importance of proper hygiene, so he didn't skimp in using the power of the elements to purify his body after conducting his business.

"Since you want to play rough, I'll show you how I play rough!" William shouted in anger.

He didn't even feel any guilt in using the Ice Phoenix's throat as his personal cubicle. He was even angered because Meredith was making things difficult for him as he took a dump.

William summoned the Chamberpot of Serenity with an evil glint in his eyes.

"Optimus, remove my sense of smell!" William ordered as he summoned the Chamberpot of Serenity. "It's payback time!"

< ...Done. >

William sniffed around to confirm that he couldn't smell anything. After confirming that his sense of smell had been disabled, he aimed the opening of the chamberpot downwards.

"Mwahahahaha! Time for you to suffer!" William roared in laughter. "Eat Sh*t Motherf*cker!"

The chamberpot glowed briefly before its seal was opened. Just like a dam that had been broken, a wave of night soil descended down like a torrential river, straight towards the Ice Phoenix's stomach.

Meredith felt the changes that were happening in its body and its face grew pale. If in the past, it was just flying erratically, now it was like an earthworm that had been sprinkled with salt.

Rebecca's face also grew pale as she finally realized what was happening inside the Guardian's body. Her body unconsciously shuddered as she forcefully severed the connection between her and the Ice Phoenix who was wreaking havoc on the entirety of the Savadeen Mountains.

After an internal struggle, the Ice Phoenix flew towards the heavens in a fury. Its body glowed brightly as it ascended several thousands of meters in the sky.

"You disgusting Halfbreed. I will send you to the afterlife even if it's the last thing I do!"

 

It's rage-filled voice reverberated, allowing everyone around the Savadeen Mountains to hear it.

Something inside of Meredith had snapped, and it stopped caring anymore. There was only one thing on its mind and that was to kill Wiliam by self detonation.

< Warning! Strong magical energy overload detected! >

'What's going on, Optimus?' William asked. He could feel the strong magical fluctuations around him, and his senses were telling him that it wasn't anything good.

< According to my calculations, Meredith has decided to self destruct in order to kill you. There are only thirty seconds left before this Ice Phoenix's body detonates. >

William hurriedly sealed the lid of the Chamberpot of Serenity and stored it away. He didn't expect that Meredith would be decisive enough to use this method in order to send him to the afterlife.

'F*ck! I guess I went too far. Maybe I should have asked it politely if I could take a dump inside its throat.'

< … >

Optimus was at a loss of words due to William's logic. Although it was the one that had proposed this idea, it was Will's decision to summon the Chamberpot of Serenity, and unleash a torrent of unworldly filth inside the body of the pitiful Pseudo-Demigod.

The System even thought that if the same were to happen to it, it might have chosen the same outcome as Meredith, and opted to self-destruct in order to kill William.

< 15 seconds before Self-Destruction…>

< 9 seconds…>

< 5 seconds… >

—--

A powerful explosion erupted in the atmosphere. A blinding light illuminated the heavens and it was seen for many miles around the Savadeen Mountains.

Thea, the Sect Master of the Misty Sect, heard a cracking sound come from the necklace that hung on her neck. The crystal on her necklace was something that was passed to all the Sect Masters of the Misty Sect.

It was Meredith's life crystal, and the crack on its surface made her face turn grim. The blue crystal slowly turned black, which was the indication that Meredith had died. This made her body subconsciously tremble because she didn't expect that something like this would happen to their Guardian.

 

Meredith was a Phoenix, so she wouldn't really die. She would respawn in the underground sanctuary of the Misty Sect, but her rank would fall to that of a Centennial Ranked Beast.

Also, it wouldn't be able to move for a few weeks in order to recuperate from its forced rebirth that had destroyed its main body.

Suddenly a fluctuation was felt in the arena. In the place where the golden spear was embedded, a handsome Half-Elf appeared with a refreshed smile on his face.

—--

< Gained Exp: 30,000,000 >

< Congratulations! You have slain a Myriad Beast! >

< You have acquired Myriad-Grade Beast Core! >

< Special Monster First Kill Bonus Exp: 15,000,000 >

< Ding! >

< Elemental Overlord Job Class has reached its Max Level! >

< Would you like to advance to the next Job Class? >

< Yes / No >

—--

William's smile widened when he read the information on his status page. His Elemental Overlord Job Class had reached its max level, and now it could be upgraded to its final form, Elemental Archon.

'Sweet!' William wanted to laugh out loud, but he was currently being watched by many people, so he decided to play it cool and just smile evilly. His fight against Rebecca was still not over. Now was not the time to laugh like his grandfather when he wanted to brag to his friends.

When Rebecca saw William's smile, she felt her entire body shudder. However, it didn't end there.

When she saw the item in William's hand, she unconsciously took a step back. It was the item that had made Meredith suffer, and seeing it first hand made Rebecca relieve the sensations that the Ice Phoenix had suffered.

 

"Well then," William said as he raised the chamberport, pointing in Rebecca's direction. "It's your turn. Are you ready for this?"

Rebecca's stomach lurched as she stared at the damnable item in William's hand.. In her eyes, it was the most ominous thing in the world, and no one, alive or dead, would want to be on the receiving end of that dastardly weapon, which would give someone a trauma that would last for the rest of their lives.


Chapter 704

 

William took a step forward, and Rebecca took three steps back.

Several images flashed through her mind and she hurriedly covered her mouth with both of her hands, in order to prevent herself from throwing up. Her expression became extremely pale, which was unbecoming of the label of a young genius born every few hundred years.

Seeing his opponent's pretty face dyed with panic, William came to a realization. A devilish smile appeared on his lips as he lowered the chamberpot in his hands.

"Do you still want to fight?" William asked.

Rebecca firmly shook her head. She would rather concede than face a fate that was worse than death.

"So you concede?" William inquired as the smile on his face widened.

Rebecca nodded like a hen pecking rice. Her hands were still blocking her mouth, so she wasn't able to utter any words. Even so, her action was more than enough to tell everyone that she had lost the will to fight.

"Very well," William stored the chamberpot away and casually used water magic to wash the hands that he had used to hold it. "Since I won this match, I get to give you one order. This is the deal that we had back then, right?"

After Wiliam had stored the chamberpot away, Rebecca was finally able to breathe a sigh of relief and removed the hands covering her lips. Although her expression was still a bit pale, it was starting to recover its color.

 

The proud inner disciple of the Misty Sect reluctantly nodded her head. They indeed had that agreement, and Rebecca had already resigned herself to her fate.

"From now on our marriage agreement is officially null and void," William stated. "You are free to do whatever you want to do with your life. Who you want to marry in the future is none of my business. I order you to live your life to the fullest, and live it without regrets. That is all. Our grudges end here."

William didn't even bother to wait for Rebecca's reply and walked out of the arena. He headed towards the banquet in order to get some free grub. He had just emptied his stomach, and now he was feeling very hungry.

Rebecca watched him go with a complicated expression on her face. A few seconds later, her gaze shifted to the angelic familiar who was looking back at her with a meaningful smile.

She bit her lip because she remembered the agreement she had with Elliot, and it made her feel depressed. One of the shackles that bound her was removed, but another rose up to take its place. According to their agreement, she would become the familiar's subordinate for two years, since she had lost her battle with William.

Elliot smirked before flying towards William. They would be staying in the Savadeen Mountains for a few more days, so he had plenty of time to get acquainted with his new subordinate.

As William walked towards his lovers, everyone was paying close attention to him. The old men looked at him with great interest. The teenage men looked at him in envy and jealousy, while the girls looked at him with a passionate gaze.

William ignored them all and continued walking. However, before he reached Princess Sidonie's table, he felt some familiar presence not far from where he stood. Shifting his gaze to the VIP seats of the Misty Sect, he saw a brown haired young man that was looking at him with a smirk. There was a little girl seated beside him, but the latter was busy eating the peach in her hand.

The Half-Elf frowned because although this was the first time he had seen the young man, he was sure that he knew him. A few seconds later, his gaze landed on the chubby young man, and the scholarly man that was looking back at him with a smile.

 

"Long time no see, Oink," the chubby young man said.

William's eyes widened in shock before a happy expression appeared on his face. He only knew of one person that added Oink to their speech, and it was none other than the Demonic Pig who had fought by his side within the Heavenly Domain.

"Zhu!" William happily walked towards his old companion's direction and gave the chubby young man a hug. "What are you doing here? I thought the Jade Empero–mmh!"

Sha hurriedly covered William's mouth with his hand and whispered something in the Half-Elf's ears. It was not advisable to discuss anything related to the Gods of the Temple in public.

After hearing Sha's statement, William nodded his head to inform the scholar that he understood.

The Half-Elf laughed and also gave Sha a hug. He was very happy to see them. William thought that his two friends decided to pay him a visit before passing through the cycle of reincarnation. What he didn't know was that the two demons were smuggled to the world of Hestia by Sun Wukong because of their request.

"Your Excellency, it is a great surprise to see you here," William bowed respectfully to Sun Wukong. Everytime he used his Heroic Avatar, he could feel the Monkey King's enormous strength, which had helped him greatly in the war of the Southern Continent.

"I just came here to sightsee," Sun Wukong replied as he patted William's shoulder. "It's good to see that you are doing well."

The Half-Elf, Sun Wukong, Zhu, and Sha chatted happily to the surprise of the members of the Misty Sect.

 

The other representatives of the different factions who had seen Sun Wukong's might a few days ago were also shocked. William's lively chat with the three mysterious personages was enough to tell them that the red-headed teenager and the Demigod knew each other, and seemed to be very close.

"You guys, are you sure about this?" William asked. After hearing Zhu's purpose for coming to his homeworld, the Half-Elf felt very touched. He couldn't believe that they threw their golden ticket to reincarnate in a higher world, just to repay the kindness that he had given them.

"Bros for life, Oink," Zhu said with a smile. "I won't feel comfortable until my debt to you is settled. For the time being, I'll stick with you until I repay you in full."

"That goes the same for me as well," Sha commented from the side. "We owe you our freedom, Will. It is only normal that we reciprocate your kindness."

Sun Wukong nodded his head. He couldn't stay long in Hestia, so he couldn't join the three in their adventures. The most he could do was watch their escapades from the Celestial Realm, while drinking wine.

Princess Sidonie, Ian, and Chiffon, had joined them after being invited over by William. Zhu told the three ladies about William's battle against the Celestial Army in the Heavenly Domain.

Sun Wukong had already used his powers to prevent others from spying on their discussion, so Zhu was able to talk without holding back any information. Princess Sidonie and Chiffon were the maidens of the Seven Deadly Sins, which allowed them to converse with their Patron Gods.

William had already met Eros and Adephagia, so he deemed that it was not a problem for them to know what had transpired in the Celestial Realm. The same could be said for Ian, who had already met Issei. The beautiful mermaid was made aware of the training William was doing while he was in a coma

When the girls found out about Sun Wukong's identity, all of them bowed to him in respect. They bowed to him, not because he was a Demigod, but because of the help he had given William during his time of need.

 

While William and his group were talking merrily, the elders of the Misty Sect were feeling depressed. Now that their Guardian had regressed once again, they felt wary of the stares that were given to them by the factions of the Central Continent.

Without the protection of their Guardian, their Sect was like a lamb that was surrounded by wolves on all sides. Unless they received some strong help on their side, their thousand year dominion was in danger of being trampled on by the other powerful factions that held grudges against them.

Those that had long disliked the Misty Sect due to their arrogance were laughing in their hearts. They were like the vultures and hyenas that were waiting for the lion to finish killing their prey.. Once the animal had bled enough, they would charge forth in order to take a bite of the animal that didn't have the power to resist their advances.


Chapter 705

 

After the banquet, Thea, alongside the Elders of the Misty Sect, conducted a high-level meeting. None of them had expected their guardian to choose to self-destruct during its battle with William, and it caught them completely by surprise.

Because of this, all of them were facing a great headache. Without a powerful deterrence, the Misty Sect was just like an average sect that could be stepped on by forces that were much more powerful than them.

The reason they were afraid was because they had also done this in the past. Meredith was once a Demigod, so very few people wanted to mess with them. This allowed the Misty Sect to develop for a thousand years, which allowed them to become one of the powerful forces in the Central Continent.

They had stepped upon countless small forces during their rise, and they'd purposefully stepped on each of them due to their strong backing. Without Meredith to hold the fort, the prestige that they had built was just like a castle made of sand.

A castle that would easily be destroyed once a powerful wave washed over the shore.

"What should we do?" Lady Miriam asked anxiously.

The Elders looked at her, but none of them could give her the answer. All of them were feeling anxious as well, and they hoped that there was someone that could find a way to solve the difficulty that they were facing.

Thea had already asked Rebecca if she knew why Meredith had decided to self-destruct during its battle with William. The young genius only said that William had touched Meredith's reverse scale, which prompted it to self detonate in an attempt to kill William while he was inside its body.

Unfortunately, William survived, and Meredith's rank had dropped to the Centennial Rank.

Thea scanned the depressed faces of everyone in the room. She had already thought of what to do, but she was afraid that none of the Elders would support her decision. Seeing that all of them were clutching at straws, she decided to speak up and tell them about her plan.

"I have a proposal," Thea said with eyes filled with determination. "We need to ally ourselves with a powerful faction in order to preserve our heritage."

The Elders's expression turned grim, but they also understood that this was the only course that they could take. The only question was, which faction would they join?

 

They were surrounded on all sides, and their borders contended with two Empires, a Kingdom, and the Glory Sect.

All of them were incredibly strong, and had been eyeing the resources of the Savadeen Mountains for hundreds of years.

They were the forces that the Misty Sect was very wary about. Any among these four factions could become their new Master, after the celebrations in their Sect ended. For now, no forces would attack them because they were currently their guests.

However, after a month or two, these people would definitely send their representatives to negotiate with Thea, and kick them while they were down.

"Which faction should we join?" Eleanor asked. "Will it be the Glory Sect to the West? The Kingdom of Rinoa to the North? Or perhaps the Elun and Aiur Empire that lies to our East and South?"

Eleanor gritted her teeth in frustration. She didn't think that she would see the downfall of her sect during her lifetime.

"None of them," Thea answered. "We will ask for external support."

"Who are you going to ask?" one of the Elders asked. "Looking for external support is difficult. Their power must be strong enough to deter our neighbors. Also, if their base is far away from us, having them as our allies will be useless."

The other Elders nodded in agreement. They didn't mind getting a strong ally, but they also had to consider that seeking help from factions that were too far away from them would be useless.

Thea understood what they were thinking, but she didn't care. As the Sect Master, the preservation of their Sect was her topmost priority. She was prepared to bleed and be extorted by the other party. As long as their territory wasn't conquered before their Guardian had regained its full strength, there was still a way to make their comeback.

"I'm talking about the Ainsworth Family," Thea said in a firm manner. "We will ally with them in order to prevent our Sect from being conquered by others."

"The Ainsworths?"

 

"What can they do?"

"This is not a good idea, Sect Master. While William had shown his prowess, he is but a single person. He couldn't possibly protect us from these powerful factions on our behalf, right?"

The Elders looked at Thea in disappointment. They didn't expect that their Sect Master would choose to ally themselves with the same person that had caused this problem in the first place!

"Think about it. William is the owner of the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon," Thea said. "No one wants to be on his bad side because he can blacklist anyone from entering the 51st Floor. Also, he is the owner of a few other floors in the tower. Simply put, no one can advance through the floors that belong to him without his approval."

After pondering about this logic, most of the Elders realized that this was indeed an effective deterrent to a faction that wanted to expand.

Right now. The era of great wars had ended. No one could expand their territory unless they went to war with their neighbors. With several chips in his hand, William could freely designate ownership of the various floors under his command.

To the powerful factions of the continent, this was a temptation that none of them could resist.

—-

The next day…

"You want me to make an announcement that the Misty Sect and I are allies?" William asked. "Sure, I don't mind! That is the answer you want to hear, right?"

His tone was laced with sarcasm, but no one dared to offend him at this point in time. They were holding onto him as a lifeline. If William didn't agree, the name Misty Sect might cease to exist a year or two from now.

"Yes," Thea answered. "We are willing to heavily compensate you for accepting our alliance."

 

"So in short, you want me to become your meatshield," William said as he rubbed his chin. "Do you think I'm a goon that you can hire by giving protection money? I'm not that cheap!"

"Lord William, anything can be discussed."

"Yes. We are willing to accommodate any request you have."

"Your Excellency, you are our only hope."

William had a carefree look on his face. For him, the Misty Sect was a band of scoundrels who only relied on their backing to bully others. Now that they had lost their Guardian, they were like wild ducks that would fly away once they heard a gunshot.

"Oh the irony." William chuckled. "A few years ago, I was being ridiculed by your sect. Now, you are practically begging me to save you guys. Oh, how the mighty have fallen."

William then shifted his attention to Eleanor and Lady Miriam who had their heads bowed in shame.

"I bet both of you didn't see this day coming, right?" William sneered. Although he was the root cause of the Misty Sect's possible downfall, he didn't give a hoot about their low-quality acting.

"I failed to see your greatness because of your upbringing," Eleanor replied. "It was a terrible mistake on my part. I am willing to do anything so I can have your forgiveness."

Rebecca's Master had no choice but to eat her pride and lower her standing in front of William. If this was the only way on how their sect could be saved, she was willing to sacrifice herself for the greater good.

She was an orphan that was picked up by the previous Sect Master and raised with love and care. For her, the Misty Sect was not only a sect, but her home. Eleanor would do anything in her power to prevent its downfall.

Elliot and Conan stood on William's shoulders with their arms crossed over their chest. They had no intention of intervening in the discussion. Even so, a mischievous glint flashed on Elliot's eye.

 

Unlike the straightforward and innocent Conan, Elliot was just as much of a scammer as William and James.. Even if he didn't say anything to William, the angelic familiar knew that the Half-Elf was already formulating a plan on how to make the Misty Sect cough up their resources until they cried a river of blood and tears.


Chapter 706

Seeing that the Misty Sect was dead set on using him as a meat shield, William decided to call for some back up. When it comes to scamming people, James was the true professional.  

With him calling the shots, the red-headed teenager was sure that Thea and the Elders of the sect would have to think thrice if they thought that they could take advantage of the Ainsworth Family.

"Isn't this problem easy to solve?" James said with a smile that would make all the toothpaste models quit the commercial industry.

"Lord Ainsworth, please tell us the solution to our problem," Thea said with a hopeful expression. She could tell that William wasn't interested in their proposal, so they decided to do whatever they could to satisfy his grandfather so the alliance could be formed.

Since both of them were Ainsworths, it didn't matter who they talked to. In fact, James was better because William would obey him. As long as they could convince the old man to agree to the alliance, all their problems would disappear!

"The answer is really simple," James replied with confidence. "All you need to do is make me the Sect Master. If the Sect belongs to me then I will be able to get all of its treasur–, I mean, I will be able to prevent any losses from happening."

The old coot smiled and patted his chest as if he was someone with good moral character. Thea and the Elders of the Misty Sect looked at him in disbelief. For a brief moment they thought that James was joking. However, seeing his "leave it to me" expression, they realized that he was serious about taking the entire Sect as his own.

William, who was standing at the side, looked at his Grandpa and realized that compared to James, he was just a small-time scammer. His original plan was to split the resources of the Misty sect by fifty-fifty. He never thought that James would shamelessly want to take everything!

"Lord Ainsworth, isn't this inappropriate?" Thea asked. "At most, we can agree to a seventy-thirty split. You will have thirty percent, and we will get seventy…"

"Okay, bye." James didn't even allow Thea to finish her sentence, and walked away taking William with him. As he was about to open the door of the room, he glanced back at Thea with a smile. "Goodluck to all of you. I'm sure that in three months time, there will be no more Misty Sect in the Central Continent. At least, if I become the Sect Master, your sect would still be standing."

After saying those parting words, James and William left the room, leaving Thea and the Elders of the sect with dumbfounded expressions on their faces.

"Gramps, do you think they will agree to your request?" William asked as he walked beside James down the hallway.

"I don't really care if they agree or not," James replied. "I won't lose sleep over something like this. The only ones that won't be able to sleep tonight are those fools who thought that they could take advantage of our family's name."

William nodded his head in understanding. Although the Misty Sect was a powerhouse in the Central Continent, it was nothing compared to their family's property inside the Tower of Babylon.

Just as James predicted, of the top brass of the sect was able to sleep that night. The founding celebration would last for three days, but they no longer felt any reason to celebrate. Even so, they couldn't possibly cancel the event because this would further their ridicule as the other factions laughed at their current circumstance.

The next day, the representatives of the Aiur Empire, Elun Empire, Kingdom of Rinoa, and Glory Sect, met with Thea privately. All of them promised great benefits to the Misty Sect for as long as they became their subsidiary force.  

These four powerhouses had also had a high-level meeting a day ago and decided to split the territory of the Misty Sect among themselves. As for the sect itself, they would become their armed forces whom they could order to do the dirty things for them.

Thea had to use all of her willpower to keep the calm expression on her face, as she listened to the representatives of the four powers, who boldly told her that they wouldn't take no for an answer.

Either the Misty Sect submitted to them, or they would use military force to make Thea and the Elders of her Sect submit to their rule.

The representatives left with smug expressions on their face because for them, the Misty Sect was already in the bag. No external forces would dare to participate in this conflict, and suffer the wrath of their combined forces!

"Let's make a vote," Thea said as she scanned the faces of the depressed Elders around her. "They only gave us until tomorrow to decide. After that, there will be no turning back."

Faced with the threat of being conquered on all sides, Thea clenched her fists as she counted the votes of the core members of the sect. She knew that when morning came, things would never be the same again.

The disciples of the Misty Sect were unaware of the threat that hung above their heads. Only the inner disciples like Rebecca were told about the Sect's current plight.

—–

"I shouldn't have agreed to your proposal," Rebecca said through gritted teeth as she stared daggers at the angelic familiar who was looking back at her with an angelic smile. "If I hadn't accepted the Heart Crystal, I would not have been able to form a contact with Excellency Meredith. Even if I lost the match, the sect would still be safe from being invaded on all fronts."

Elliot chuckled as he landed on top of the table.

"Well, what's the point of saying these things now?" Elliot asked in a teasing tone. "All of us must face the consequences of our actions. Even if you regret your decision, know that I didn't force you to do anything. You were the one that made the choice. I only gave you an option."

Rebecca lowered her head as she tried to control her raging emotions. Elliot was right. Now that everything was over, even if she regretted her decision, there was nothing she could do but accept the outcome.

"What will happen to our sect?" Rebecca asked.

Elliot shrugged. Just like William, he didn't care about the Misty Sect. The only reason he visited Rebecca was to finalize their agreement.  

"These things are outside your control," Elliot replied as he flapped his wings. He then flew towards Rebecca and hovered a few inches away from her face. "Let your Sect Master and Elders handle this problem. You're just a disciple, there's nothing you can do to influence the outcome."

Rebecca raised her head and looked at the familiar who looked exactly like William. If she reached out her hand to grab him, she could easily crush him in her grip. However, she couldn't do that because she was now the familiar's subordinate for two years.

Even if she planned to cause Elliot harm, the power of the contract would prevent her from doing so.

"Just close your eyes and accept your fate," Elliot said as he moved closer. He then caressed the side of Rebecca's face and marveled at its smoothness. "Don't worry. I am not a bad employer, I will make sure to give you benefits as well."

Rebecca sighed and accepted her fate. She closed her eyes and waited for Elliot to brand her with the symbol of ownership.

"You will not regret your choice," Elliot's silky voice reached her ears. "From now on, you belong to me."

Rebecca felt something soft press over her lips. A few seconds later, she felt a surge of electricity travel all over her body.  

Elliot backed away as he looked at the symbol that appeared on Rebecca's chest. A golden lightning bolt, with two wings spread out on both of its sides glowed brightly. This was the proof of ownership that only became possible due to the power of the contract that was supervised by the God of Contract, Sancus.

"I'll see you tomorrow," Elliot said as he flew towards the window. "Don't worry about your Sect. If your Sect Master and your Elders are not stupid, they will definitely definitely choose the lesser evil."

Elliot chuckled internally as he flew towards William's residence. Now that the matter with Rebecca was settled, it was now time to conquer another maiden. However, the lady he had in mind was a cut above the rest.

It was other than William's Sixth Master, Chloee.

"Sometimes, I really wonder if Conan and I ended up with switched roles," Elliot muttered softly.. "I'm more suited to be the devil than he is."







Chapter 707

"Everyone, thank you for being part of the celebration of our Misty Sect," Thea said while standing on a platform.  

Today was the last day of the feast that they had prepared for their Founding Day Celebrations and then, after this, their guests would leave the next day to return to their respective territories.  

The four representatives of the factions that bordered the domain of the Misty Sect had smiles on their faces. They had already sent a report of the battle and its conclusion to their respective leaders. It was only a matter of time before the once prosperous Sect of the Savadeen Mountains fell into their hands.

"It has been a pleasure hosting all of you here, and I pray that there will be more occasions where we can all gather and enjoy each other's company," Thea stated. She had already prepared herself to make the announcement, but deep inside, she was feeling very bitter.  

However, she also knew that this was the only way she could preserve the legacy that their sect had built for over a thousand years.

"Today, I will step down from my position as Sect Master," Thea announced. "A new era is at hand, so it is only fair that the management of the Sect change hands."

Several of the guests were surprised by Thea's announcement, but their surprise didn't last long. They understood that the Misty Sect was on its last legs, so they thought that Thea was planning to run away and leave her subordinates to fend for themselves.

"Well said, Sect Master," the representative of the Glory sect clapped his hands in approval. "A new era is indeed at hand. I sincerely hope that you enjoy your early retirement."

"Retirement is good." The representative of the Rinoa Kingdom nodded his head in agreement. "Although you're still young, retiring early is not a bad thing. At least, you won't have to suffer again."

The representatives of the Two Empires didn't say anything and simply smiled. Whether Thea retired or not was not important. They knew that the end would still be the same, and there was nothing Thea could do to stop it.

Thea glanced at her rivals, as she used her willpower to finish the rest of her announcement.  

"Without further delay, let me introduce our new Sect Master to everyone," Thea declared as she made a gesture. "All Hail his Excellency, James Von Ainsworth!"

""All Hail!""

A handsome old man walked towards Thea with confidence. A confident smile hung on his face, as he faced the various powers of the world.  

All the Elders, as well as the inner disciples of the sect bowed their heads respectfully. They had been briefed a few hours ago about their Sect Master's decision to step down from her position.

Even though the regular disciples didn't know why it happened, they decided to trust their Elders, and pay tribute to their new Sect Master.

"Good day, everyone." James greeted the people who were looking back at him in disbelief. "From this day onwards, I will be the new Sect Master of the Misty Sect, and Lady Thea will be the Vice-Sect Master."

James chuckled internally because he had already anticipated this outcome. Even Lawrence, as well as his old friends from the Hellan Kingdom, looked at him with dumbfounded expressions.

Even Wendy's grandfather, Jevan, thought that this was just a prank. However, Thea and the Elders all had serious expressions on their faces, which meant that the old scammer had indeed become the New Sect Master of one of the most powerful Sects in the Central Continent.

"I am not someone who likes to give long speeches, so I'll just keep it short," James said. "The Misty Sect now belongs to me, so hands off. If any of you think that you can steal what is mine then feel free to do it. I am looking forward to playing with all of you."

Two men walked towards James and stood by his side. One was Vlad, the other was Sun Wukong. Some already knew who Sun Wukong was, but they didn't know who Vlad was. All of them were very curious about the identity of this man who followed James around.

Vlad and Sun Wukong glanced at each other before nodding their heads at the same time.  

Immediately, the powerful aura of two Demigods burst forth from their bodies.  

The expressions of everyone present changed drastically, especially those belonging to the Misty Sect's four neighbors. They thought that the Savadeen Mountains were already in the bag, but this development made them feel that they may have unknowingly kicked the hornet's nest.  

When Vlad and Sun Wukong stopped releasing their auras, James cleared his throat and continued his speech.

"I am William's grandfather," James stated. "I have met several of your envoys in the Tower of Babylon. My grandson has given me full authority over his property in Babylon. This also means that the task of looking for potential partners for collaborations is in my hands.

"Any faction who dares to annoy me will be blacklisted from the Tower of Babylon. Their accomplices will also not be allowed to advance on the upper floors, especially the floors that fall under our Family's jurisdiction."

James paused as he allowed his words to be digested by everyone around him. A minute later, he continued his speech and dropped another bomb.

"I forgot to add that I am also the former Commander of the Red Plague," James said in a teasing tone. "I will be more than happy to ravage– I mean, visit the people who touch what is mine. That is all, I bid you all a good day and please, enjoy the feast that My Sect has prepared for each and everyone of you."

James walked away from the platform with a smug expression on his face. He felt very good because it had been a while since he had pulled off a heist as big as this.

Just as he expected, Thea had come to meet with him late last night in order to talk about the future of the Misty Sect.  

James wasn't someone who shied away from an opportunity to earn big. Since the entire Sect had now been given to him, he could only happily accept the gift with both hands.  

Now that he was the Sect Master, it was only natural to protect his family's property.  

After James walked down the platform, he didn't leave the venue. He closed in on the four representatives of his new neighbors, with a smile that made the bodies of the four men shudder.

"Thea told me that you four bastards planned to take what is mine yesterday." James chuckled as he patted the shoulder of the representative that belonged to the Glory Sect. "You've got guts. You dare to steal what belongs to me?"

"I-I didn't know that the Misty Sect belonged to you, Lord James," the Elder of the Glory Sect stuttered. "If I knew, I wouldn't have done what I did."

James grinned as he nodded his head in agreement. "Of course, I understand. This is why we need to talk about how you are going to compensate me for emotional distress."

The old scammer also glanced at the three other representatives that belonged to the Rinoa Kingdom, Elun Empire, and the Aiur Empire. Only a fool would pass up this great opportunity to add more gold coins to their family's treasury.  

"You guys are in cahoots with each other, so you're not off the hook," James said in a teasing tone. "Don't worry, I won't ask for much, but the compensation must satisfy me. If not, I will take my two Demigod Friends, as well as the Red Plague to conquer– I mean, to visit your territories and have afternoon tea with your bosses."

Thea and the Elders of the Misty Sect, who overheard the discussion, felt very happy. Seeing the people who had once threatened them with an ultimatum, being threatened in return by James made them gloat in their hearts.

It was also at this moment when they realized that they had made the right decision in handing the Misty Sect over to James' hand. Not only was the old coot decisive enough to take the entire sect as his own, he even found an excuse to extort other people!

William who was subtly paying attention to Thea's and the Elders' expressions laughed in his heart. He knew that this was James' plan to make the top brass of the Misty Sect feel indebted to, and give their respect to, him.

'With this, the reluctance in their hearts will decrease by a good margin,' William thought as he watched his grandpa in action. 'All that is left to do is tie up some loose ends, then go to Hestia Academy to have the next tier of the Familiamancer Class unlocked.

"After that, I will wait for my father's acquaintance to find me. Once the true power of the Dungeon Conqueror has been unlocked, I can go to the Silvermoon Continent to visit my mother."  

William sighed in his heart. He thought that it would still take him a few years before he could be reunited with his mother in the Silvermoon Continent. Now that he had the power to protect himself, he didn't have to worry about the Elven Clans who had made him their mortal enemy.  

Once the full power of the Dungeon Conqueror was unlocked, it was only a matter of time before he would be in command of countless armies, just like his father, Maxwell, had been when he was still at the peak of his powers.  







Chapter 708

"Um, Sixth Master, aren't you going back to Hestia Academy?" William asked the fairy-like familiar who was sitting on his right shoulder with Elliot.  

"Celeste told me that I should accompany you when you go to Hestia Academy," Chloee replied as she licked a chocolate lollipop. "Why? Are you not happy that I'm here?"

"Of course I am happy!"

"Then, why do you have that constipated look on your face? It's not good to hold it in, you know?"

The smile on William's face stiffened as he walked towards the flying carriage that would take him back to the Kraetor Empire. In truth, he was very afraid of Chloee because she had the tendency to go ballistic and smash things around her.

If not for Elliot being there to distract her, William would have definitely had a hard time keeping his cool with a little, ticking, time bomb on his shoulder.  

James and Vlad would be staying in the Misty Sect for a week before returning to the Tower of Babylon. His Grandpa had already informed him that his uncle, Morgan, was the one in charge of the Floor of Asgard while James was away.  

William didn't have any recollection of this elusive uncle of his. After he was delivered in Lont, he had never had the chance to meet his uncle since he'd opened his eyes in the World of Hestia.  

'They say that uncle Morgan is my father's twin and they looked exactly like each other,' William thought. 'Since I saw my father when I inherited his profession, I will also be able to recognize Uncle Morgan when I see him.'

William then glanced at Zhu and Sha that was walking by his sides. Their purpose for coming to Hestia was to repay his kindness, so they intended to stick with him for the time being. The Half-Elf had no complaints with this arrangement.  

In fact, William was very happy because, for him, Zhu and Sha were like his sworn brothers whom he could count on with his life.  

Sun Wukong, on the other hand, bid him goodbye because he had to return to the Celestial World. The Monkey King had already broken several rules when he forcefully broke through Hestia and smuggled Zhu and Sha through with him.

In order to not bring more trouble to himself, he decided to return and lie low for a while, so that the Jade Emperor, and the stuck-up law enforcers, wouldn't make things too difficult for him.

Princess Sidonie, Ian, Chiffon, Kenneth, and Pearl were all standing in front of the flying carriage and waiting for him to arrive.

Charmaine's sister looked at William with a serious expression on her face. After she lost consciousness during their battle, she had been in bed for three days and was bereft of strength.  

Pearl felt that her lethargic state was caused by William. The only evidence she had that the Half-Elf had done something to her when she was out of commission were the two puncture marks on her neck.

"Are you guys ready to go?" William asked.

Everyone nodded. They had already prepared everything for their departure, and all that they were waiting for was Emperor Leonidas' signal to return to the Kraetor Empire.

As William was about to board the flying carriage, he felt something move inside his consciousness.

His expression immediately became serious, as he looked at his lovers with a complicated expression on his face.

"Hold this to me for safe keeping," William said as he passed Soleil to Ian. "There is something urgent that I need to attend to. I will all see you in the Kraetor Empire."

William didn't even wait for Princess Sidonie's reply before he flew towards the sky. Zhu and Sha flew behind him, while riding a cloud made up of sand. They had noticed the look of concern on William's face, so they decided to follow him and see what was troubling him.

The Half-Elf didn't ask them to leave him alone, because he didn't plan on keeping any secrets from the two of them. When they arrived at a location without any people, William took his two friends inside the Thousand Beast Domain, and headed straight towards the Undying Lands.

—–

The sounds of chains breaking echoed within the hidden sanctuary of Avalon.  

Malacai could feel his strength growing by the minute, as he waited for the shackles that bound him to shatter.  

He had been trapped inside Avalon for thousands of years, and the seal had finally lost its power.

"Finally. I am free!" Malacai rejoiced after his last shackle was destroyed.

Powerful magical fluctuations surrounded Malacai, and his body started to shrink. In his Dracolich form, he was over twenty meters tall, but now, his height was only a little over two meters.

Nuckelavee, as well as the other five generals of the undead army, stood in anticipation. They had stayed inside Avalon for thousands of years in order to wait for this day to arrive.

This was the scene that William saw when he arrived in the Undying Lands. Millions of Undead were kneeling as they showed their obedience to the being that floated over Avalon.  

"You're here, William," Malacai said. "I was about to ask you to come, but it is good that you came here voluntarily. There is something that I need to tell you."

William looked at the Dracolich who had mostly regained his powers. Although he was still not at his peak condition, the power that William felt was no joke. This was a power that transcended a Demigod and, for a brief moment, the Half-Elf thought that he was looking at a God.

"What can I do for you, Your Excellency?" William asked.  

Malacai and him had already come into an agreement. Even though the Dracolich seemed scary and formidable, he had a feeling that Malacai would abide by the oath he had made to William, several years ago.

"I will take the Undying Lands with me," Malacai replied. His words were firm and would not take no for an answer. "I will be leaving your domain today."

William nodded in understanding. However, he was still curious about one thing, so he decided to ask the question that had been in his mind ever since he had met Malacai.  

"Your Excellency, can I ask you a question?"

"Okay. But, I'll only answer one question."

Zhu and Sha listened at the side and didn't dare to interject in the conversation. They had already seen many powerful beings, including Gods, but meeting Malacai made them feel weak. They had no doubt in their minds that if the Dracolich decided to end their lives, all that Malacai needed to do was stare at them.  

"Avalon is the last Bastion of Humanity, and you have been trapped inside it for thousands of years," William said. "Your Excellency, are you on the side of humanity, or against it?"

Malacai chuckled because this question was indeed laughable. Almost everyone that knew him had long ceased to exist. Some of them had died on the battlefield, while others died of old age. Even so, he still remained because he still had some unfinished business to attend to.

"My allegiance belongs to Hestia," Malacai said. "As long as she needs me, I will remain for her sake."

William frowned because Malacai's answer was vague. He didn't state if he was on the side of Humans or not. The Dracolich's answer hinted that his allegiance belonged to the World in its entirety.

He was not bound by any race, law, and other restrictions built by those who lived in the world.  

'It's fortunate that the two of us are not enemies,' William sighed in his heart. 'Even if I held the power of the Dungeon Conqueror, I don't have the confidence to emerge victorious against him.'

On that same day, an island that was thousands of meters long, appeared in the sky near the Savadeen Mountains. Those who saw it felt their bodies shiver because of the Unholy Presence that it radiated.

However, this feeling didn't last long because just as fast as the island appeared, it disappeared just as quickly.  

No one knew if what they saw was only an illusion or not. However, one thing was certain. All the guests that still hadn't departed from the Misty Sect saw it.  

They felt the hairs on the back of their necks stand on end when they saw the island.

Among the guests, only one was able to recognize it and a grim expression appeared on his face.

"So, the time has finally come," Vlad muttered. "Malacai is finally free and, with his appearance, this world will face an unprecedented calamity."

Vlad felt his blood turn cold because he knew that no one would be safe from what was about to transpire.  

'I need to visit a few of my acquaintances,' Vlad thought.. 'They have to know that the twilight of this world is at hand.'







Chapter 709

William watched the Undying Lands until it vanished from his sight.

Malacai had activated its stealth ability, and no one knew where the giant floating island would appear next.

Although William didn't know what Malacai's goal was, one thing was certain, the Dracolich was not his enemy. Malacai had made this perfectly clear to him, and the Half-Elf could tell his sincerity.

Before Malacai left, he said some parting words to William. He told the Half-Elf that if they ever meet in the future, William should pretend that they didn't know each other.  

The red-headed teenager didn't say anything, because there was no need for words. He believed that those who had participated in the war of the Southern Continent would be able to recognize the powerful Undead Army that had made a deep impression in their hearts.

There were many smart people in the world, and it would be fairly easy for them to connect the dots.

Afterall, there was only one Nuckelavee in the world. Once they saw the Devil of the Sea rampage in the battlefield, they would associate it with William. Even if he denied it, no one would believe him.

"I guess I'll cross that bridge when I get there," William muttered. "Till we meet again, Malacai."

—–

Malacai hovered above the floating island as he navigated Avalon through the skies of the Central Continent.  

He had been trapped inside the Undying lands for thousands of years, and the geography of the world had changed with the passing of time. He planned to travel across the Central Continent to map its regions, and familiarize himself with it.

William had given him the general layout of the world, and the various factions that resided in it. Of course, Malacai planned to verify the information with his own eyes in order to plan for the future.  

Among the various empires in the list that William had given him, there was one particular name that caught his attention.  

"The Ares Empire…," Malacai said softly. "Fortunately, Astarte has left her descendants behind. They will be of great help in what is to come."

Avalon flew steadily in the sky above the clouds. Its first destination was the Amazon Empire. Malacai wanted to know if the blood of the Warrior Goddess was just as powerful as it was in the past.

He was going to pay a visit to the descendants of his acquaintances who had fought with him during the darkest era of the world. Time was of the essence, and the Dracolich had no intention of wasting it.

—-

Two weeks passed, and the flying carriage of Emperor Leonidas finally reached the border of the Kraetor Empire.

A one way teleportation gate had already been established, so it didn't take long before the Emperor, along with his entourage, arrived at the capital city of the Kraetor Empire, Azmar.

"Sidonie, have you already told William that the two of you will be married two weeks from now?" Emperor Leonidas asked.  

Princess Sidonie nodded her head. "He already knows, Your Majesty. He will be there on the promised date."

"Good. The arrangements have already been made. The two of you only need to appear and everything will fall into place."

"Thank you, Your Majesty."

Emperor Leonidas nodded his head and went back to the castle to rest. Everyone did the same and returned to their temporary residences in the capital city.  

Kenneth, Lilith, and Pearl were Princess Sidonie's guests, so they were given VIP treatment. Empress Andraste still needed to do things in the Ares Empire, so she tasked Lilith to be her representative at Princess Sidonie's wedding.

Lilith had no complaints because she wanted to know more about William. The Half-Elf intrigued her. No one knew what happened during his battle with Meredith. Everyone had their own speculations, but were able to confirm it.

Everyone agreed that William had infiltrated Meredith's body and attacked it from inside. That was the only explanation that they could think of. Even William's lovers believed that this was the case.

Two weeks later, the wedding was held as planned.  

Princess Sidonie wore a beautiful wedding dress that made her look divine. The hearts of all young men were broken when they saw the lady of their dreams. They had seen many beautiful women in the past, but were as beautiful as the Princess who was about to marry the handsome Half-Elf whose popularity was at its peak.

"If I could marry her, I would die without regrets."

"To be able to spend the night with such a beauty is every man's dream. I'm so envious!"

"That William boy is so lucky. He will be able to have his way with the Princess! If only she had met me first."

"Hello? Have you looked in the mirror? Why would the Princess marry someone who looks like a sardine? It's about time that you faced reality."

All the guys could only sigh as they thought about the lucky Half-Elf, who would be marrying the granddaughter of Emperor Leonidas. The heirs of the High-Ranking Nobles were disappointed as well. They had all tried to ask for the princess' hand in marriage, but she firmly rejected their advances.

Now, they could only look at her from afar, and curse the Half-Elf who was lucky enough to be able to take her maidenhood on their wedding night.

What they didn't know was that the pure maiden in their minds, had lost her purity long ago. Of course, no one knew this except for William, Ian, and Chiffon. Even Emperor Leonidas was not aware that her granddaughter had already been stamped by William's seal of approval!

William was wearing a black suit that highlighted his red-hair and light-green eyes. The ladies of the realm giggled when they saw him. There were also two little familiars floating by his side who were wearing similar clothes.  

One wore white, the other black. Just like William, both of them were very handsome. If not for the fact that they were only as tall as an adult's hand, both of them would definitely be the target of the noble ladies who were looking for an eligible candidate to marry.

Elliot threw flying kisses to the beautiful ladies that Willliam passed as he walked towards the altar.  

Conan, on the other hand, had a serious expression on his face, as if he was the one that was about to get married.  

The moment the Half-Elf stood side by side with Princess Sidonie, everyone thought that they were a match made in heaven. Both of them complimented each other and everyone was certain that their children would be just as good looking as they were.

The ceremony proceeded without any mishaps. Both of them exchanged rings and kissed in front of everyone.

Somewhere in the venue, Prince Jason looked at the woman of his dreams with a calm expression on his face. In the past, he did everything he could so that he would be the one to marry Princess Sidonie. However, after the world-wide announcement, he knew that his chance had flown away.

This was why he had resorted to drinking. It was the only way he knew of that could help him forget about his heartbreak.

"Does it still hurt?" Princess Vanessa asked as she placed her soft hand over her beloved's chest.  

"Yes," Prince Jason replied. "It hurts."

Princess Vanessa nodded her head in understanding and hugged her Prince tightly. She knew that time would heal everything. "Don't worry. I will make you forget her soon enough."

Prince Jason lowered his head. He then looked at the collar that was on Princess Vanessa's neck, and caressed her face gently.

"Let's go," Prince Jason said. "I've seen enough."

"Okay," Princess Vanessa nodded and allowed herself to be led away by the one she had loved for many years.

William glanced in their direction before wishing for their happiness in his heart. He had asked the System to look for Prince Jason in the crowd, because he thought that the latter would do something to mess up his wedding with Sidonie.

Fortunately, the Prince simply watched from afar, and left with Princess Vanessa to find their own happiness in life.

'I pray that the next time we meet, we will be friends and not enemies,' William prayed in his heart as he watched them disappear in the distance.  

The Half-Elf was not the only one who was looking in Prince Jason's and Princess Vanessa's direction. Emperor Leonidas and Prince Maximilian were doing the same. They gave the two of them their silent blessing and wished for their happiness.

William and Princess Sidonie left the venue while being showered by cheers and applause from everyone in the kingdom.

Lilith stared at the two of them with an indifferent gaze. However, deep inside she was already making plans of her own.

The Amazon Princess was aware that William was keeping his distance from her, but she wasn't too bothered by it.  

Her Divinity was Greed after all.  

There was nothing in the world that she couldn't take, for that was the power of her Divinity.  

'If I can't have it then I'll just steal it,' Lilith mused.  

High above the heavens, inside the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, a certain Greedy Goddess chuckled. She was well aware of how stubborn her daughter was, but she believed that she had found her match in William.

"You can steal as much as you want, daughter of mine," Mammon said with a smile. "However, that also goes both ways. Since you decided to steal, you should also be prepared to have something stolen from you. I pray that the boy, William, will teach you this lesson, Lilith.. For not all treasures are silver and gold."







Chapter 710

After spending a few days with Princess Sidonie, William once again returned to Aamon's Temple to report his completion of the Quest that was given to him.

"Tell me, did you wash your hands before you came here?" Aamon asked with suspicion.

The corner of William's lips twitched because this was the first sentence that came out of Aamon's lips as soon as he appeared in front of him.

"Of course I did," William replied. "I'm a very hygienic person, you know?"

Aamon arched an eyebrow, but he didn't say anything else. Instead, he went straight to business and informed William about his next trial.

"Listen well, Half-Elf. Due to the manner of how you cleared the other trials, I decided to give you one last trial," Aamon said. "If you clear this trial, I will honor my words and lift the curse on Est's, Ian's, and Isaac's bodies."

At first, William thought that he just misheard Aamon's words. But, after asking for confirmation, Astrid's twin brother had indeed said that this would be his final trial, and it made William very happy.

"No matter what it is, I will definitely accomplish it without fail!" William patted his chest with confidence. "Come at me, Bro!"

Aamon snorted. "I sincerely hope that you will be able to pass this trial as well. I look forward to your performance."

William quieted down and waited for Aamon to finish his explanation. He was very curious about what the final trial would be. Naturally, he expected that this trial would be more difficult than the two trials that he had finished not long ago.

"There is a young lady who is staying in Hestia Academy that goes by the name Shannon," Aamon said. "What I want you to do is help her with her problem."

William nodded his head, "What is her problem?"  

"Well, you can go and ask her yourself. After you finish this last trial, you don't have to report to me. I will honor my word, and carry my end of our agreement."

"Thank you, Your Excellency!"

Aamon waved his hand in a casual manner. "No need to thank me. Like I said, this is our agreement. You may now go."

William gave Aamon a brief bow before leaving the Temple. The Grand Marquis of Hell watched the Half-Elf's retreating back with a mischievous smile on his lips.

'Good luck, William,' Aamon mused. 'You will need all the luck in the world in order to clear this quest.'

After his short chat with William, Aamon went to the Temple of the Gods to see his sister. Astrid had taken a hands off policy in regards to the red-headed teenager's trials, so Aamon thought it would be a good idea to inform her about William's last quest.

"You really asked him that?" Astrid inquired as she looked at her twin in disbelief. "You tasked him to meet Shannon and help her solve her problems?"

"Yes," Aamon answered. "I was supposed to give him a few more trials, but I'm afraid that he will be able to breeze through them in no time at all. Since that is the case, I should just let him face the Last Boss. Who knows? Maybe he will surprise me."

Astrid stared long and hard at Aamon, "Are you sure about this? Although I think that his chances for succeeding are slim, that boy is indeed capable. I thought he would not be able to clear the 51st Floor of Babylon, but to our surprise, he really managed to do it.  

"Are you sure you thought this through? Are you prepared for the possible result of this endeavor?"

Aamon chuckled, "If he passes then great. I will even be thankful to him if he manages to solve Shannon's problem."

Astrid sighed as she drank her tea. Her twin had taken a gamble, and he was betting his chips on William's success.  

'I guess this is his way of showing that he cares for her,' Astrid thought. 'I just hope that my brother will not regret the decision he made today.'

—-

After leaving the Temple, William hurriedly went to find Chloee. She was Celeste's familiar, and knew a lot about Hestia Academy. The Half-Elf was hoping that he would be able to gain some information regarding the girl named Shannon, who seemed to be studying inside Hestia Academy.

  "How do you know about Shannon?" Chloee frowned. Not many knew about Shannon's existence. For William to know about this secret meant that he had been told the news by someone else.

Chloee crossed her arms on her chest and eyed William with a critical gaze.

She didn't understand how a closely guarded secret was known to someone who was not even enrolled at the academy.  

"A God told me," William replied with a smile.  

"…Then listen, and listen well," Chloee said after thinking things through. She decided to tell William all the information she knew about Shannon, to prevent William from investigating on his own.

If he was caught by one of the guards that were tasked to  protect the white-haired girl from the academy, he might be subjected to a severe punishment that might also find its way to her, because she was William's sixth master.  

"Shannon is a year older than you, and she has a very peculiar ability," Chloee whispered. "Almost everyone who has laid their eyes on her has commited suicide. So, if you don't want to die, don't even try to find Shannon in the academy. This is for your own good, do you understand?"

William could only nod his head because Chloee was starting to get agitated. This was the first time that he had seen her act this way. Although he was confident in his strength, he wasn't omnipotent.  

The way Chloee was acting made him realize that there was more to Shannon than met the eye.. For now, he just nodded his head in order to calm the little familiar, who was looking back at him with an anxious expression written on her face.  







Chapter 711


Chapter 712

Hellan Kingdom…

"Young Master, what's wrong?" Isaac asked as he looked at Est with concern.

Est shook his head as he picked up the book that had fallen on the floor. "Nothing. I just thought I heard William's voice."

Elizabeth, Est's mother, smiled as she looked at her daughter with a knowing glance. This was not the first time that her daughter's thoughts had wandered when she was alone and had nothing to do.

She knew that Est had wanted to travel with William to the Kraetor Empire, but King Noah had prevented her from doing so. After Prince Lionel had been executed, and Prince Rufus exiled from the kingdom, only Prince Ernest was left.

King Noah had decided to raise him as the next ruler, and Est became his study partner. Since she was unable to accompany William to the Central Continent, Est tasked Ian to take her place and keep the Half-Elf safe.

Although she knew that William had a legion of Beasts to protect him, she was still worried about his safety.  

"Young Master, My Lady, we should be leaving for Lont soon," Isaac reminded Est and Elizabeth.  

They had been invited to celebrate Eve's seventh birthday. The nobles of the Kingdom were doing their best to form a good relationship with the Ainsworth Family, but James was aloof and ignored their advances.

Only a select few, like Est, had managed to keep close ties with William's family, and this was largely due to the Half-Elf's influence.

"Is everything prepared?" Elizabeth asked.  

Isaac nodded. "Yes, My Lady. Sir Herman and Lady Nana have just finished preparing the carriage. We can leave anytime."

"Let's go," Elizabeth replied. "Arriving early is also a good thing."

This was not the first time that Elizabeth had visited Lont. Due to William's invitation, she would go there at least once a month to breathe some fresh air, and play with the adorable Eve, who was growing into a fine young lady.

Elizabeth's health gradually became better thanks to her short vacations to the countryside. Usually, the trip from the Capital to Lont would take four days, but after the war, James had built a teleportation gate in the center of his three territories, which were managed by his son, Mordred.

Since then, the trade in the countryside had increased and several merchants had made the place more lively.

Once they passed through the teleportation gate, it would only take half an hour to reach Lont when using a flying carriage. This was why Elizabeth could enjoy her short vacations in Lont, and not worry about the exhausting travel from the capital to the countryside.

When they arrived, they saw several familiar faces as well.

William's two knights, Dave and Conrad, were already there and having a lively conversation with Matthew, who had recently become a father to a beautiful baby girl.  

Leah was in the kitchen helping Helen with the celebration dishes that they were going to serve for Eve's birthday party.

"Grandma!" A lively voice greeted Elizabeth as soon as she strolled towards the garden.  

Suddenly, a seven-year old girl with long red hair ran towards her with a big smile on her face.

"Eve!" Elizabeth hugged the treasure of the Ainsworth family and kissed both of her cheeks. "Did you behave like a good girl while I was away?"

"Un!"

"Good girl."

Ariadne, Eve's mentor, walked towards the two, followed by seven ducks and a white goose, who served as Eve's protectors.

Just like always, no one could remember what she looked like. Only Eve was able to see through her ability, and not forget her appearance.

"Good day to you, Lady Elizabeth," Ariadne greeted.

Est's mother looked up at the approaching oracle, and nodded her head in acknowledgement.

"Miss Ariadne, I pray that you have been well since our last meeting."

"Well enough to be able to catch that mischievous girl whenever she plays truant and does not attend my classes."

Elizabeth giggled because she had already expected this answer. Eve was a free spirit and she would always do things depending on her mood. She had been raised with love and care, and although she was not really a spoiled child, everyone was willing to pamper her since she was loved by all.

"Everyone, lunch is ready," Helen said as she stepped into the garden to fetch Elizabeth, Eve, and Ariadne. "Eve, come with me for a bit. I made a dress for this occasion."

"Un!" Eve bid Elizabeth and Ariadne goodbye as she followed Helen back to the house.  

Her dress was dirty because she had been out in the fields, playing with the ducks. If not for the fact that today was her birthday, she might have gone on an adventure, bringing the ducks and goose with her.

Elizabeth sighed after Eve entered the house.  

"Are you really going to take Eve to the Central Continent half a year from now?" Elizabeth asked Ariadne who was standing beside her.

The Oracle of the Herd nodded her head. "She has learned almost everything that she can learn here in Lont. We need to go on a pilgrimage to the Central Continent, so she can officially receive the blessing in the Main Temple of the Gods.

"All the Oracles that have come before her have done the same. It is only a matter of time before her powers are fully awakened."

"But, isn't it still too early?" Elizabeth asked. "She had just turned seven. Can't that pilgrimage wait until she's a bit older?"

Ariadne shook her head. "The prophecy of the Elves is reaching maturity, and soon, the Dark Prince will reveal himself. Eve needs to receive the blessing of her Patron God, so she will be protected from the threat that will cover the entire world in darkness. If she misses this chance, it may never come again. So, although she is still young, it is imperative that we go to the Central Continent."

Ariadne's tone was firm. She had seen things in her vision that she couldn't share with anyone. The reason she would wait half a year before journeying to the Central Continent was because King Minos would be sending his sons, Icarus and Daedalus, to accompany them on their journey.

The two Beasts were about to have a breakthrough in their strength and, according to King Minos, it would take them half a year to consolidate their powers.

Although the white goose was strong, it was only at the peak of the Millennial Rank. Only a few could match it in the Southern Continent, but its strength would only be average in the Central Continent.

In the place where the major powers of the world congregated, there were many crouching tigers and hidden dragons that lurked within its vast landscape.

Only the power of Myriad Beasts would ensure Eve's safety, so Ariadne was willing to wait for the two minotaurs to upgrade their strength, so they could serve as Eve's bodyguards.  

"I will miss her terribly," Elizabeth sighed for the second time. "Lont will never be the same without her."

Ariadne shared Elizabeth's opinion, but she was someone who could see the bigger picture. Eve's fate wasn't tied to the Southern Continent because this stage was too small for her.  

Ariadne knew that the fleeting peace that they were experiencing right now would soon come to an end, and a battle of unprecedented proportions was about to begin.







Chapter 713

After a week of travel, three flying carriages arrived at the island of Antilia.

Lilith had a carriage all for herself, while Kenneth and Pearl shared another.

As for William, he shared his flying carriage with his lovers, alongside his sixth Master Chloe. Zhu and Sha, who had stayed inside the Thousand Beast Domain, were being given VIP treatment by Charmaine, and the rest of the Elves in William's Villa.

The two Demons had been very curious about the Dungeon of Atlantis, so they decided to explore it together.  

Chloee had told William everything she knew about the administrator of the island, Jophiel. As for the Entrance Exams, Chloee didn't know much about them because all of them were random.  

"Although he doesn't get along with the majority of the Professors in the academy, he is still the ideal person to manage the entrance exam because he is the fairest of all," Chloee said. "He will not fail anyone as long as he sees their potential. This is also why he is called the Gatekeeper of Hestia Academy. It is not bad to form a good relationship with him."

William nodded his head in understanding. "Don't worry, Sixth Master, this exam is a walk in the park for me."

"That's the spirit!" Chloee placed her hands on her waist and eyed William with appreciation.  

Elliot and Conan were relaxing on the couch. They, too, thought that the exam would not pose any problems for them. After all that they had been through in the Dungeon of Atlantis, the two familiars had already perfected their teamwork with William. They were more than ready to face any kind of difficulty that the examiner would throw at them.

"For some reason, this exam takes me back to when I first enrolled at Hellan Royal Academy," William said softly as he patted Chiffon's head. "It has been many years since then, and to this day, I still haven't experienced the happy academy life I envisioned."

"Kekeke, indeed, you still haven't experienced a fulfilling academy life," Conan agreed. "So many things have happened, and your youth passed by so quickly."

The corner of William's lips twitched as he eyed the devil familiar who was eating some butter cookies. His words implied that William was no longer young, but in reality he was only eighteen years old. The years he had lived on Earth didn't count!

"Well, we should do our best to enjoy this opportunity," Elliot said as he lazily leaned on the cushy pillow like a king. "After all, this is the last academy arc of this series."

Before William could ask Elliot what he meant that this was going to be their last academy arc, a knock was heard on the door of the carriage.

"Will, the administrator is starting to gather the examinees. We should head over as well."

Kenneth's voice was not too loud, but it was more than enough for William to hear his voice. After telling Kenneth that he would be there shortly, the Half-Elf talked to Zhu and Sha via telepathy, and told them that it was now time to leave the Thousand Beast Domain.

Five minutes later, William, Zhu, Sha, and Kenneth, walked towards the open area where the introduction would be held.  

Only the examinees were allowed to enter the area, so Princess Sidonie, Ian, Chiffon, and Chloee could only wish him luck on the exam. The little fairy also told William that they would be waiting on the final island, where those who passed the exam would appear.

Soon, a middle-aged man with short blonde hair and blue eyes stepped on a raised platform to address everyone that had come to take the Hestia Academy Entrance Exam.

"Good day to all of you. My name is Jophiel, and I will be your supervisor in the upcoming exam," Jophiel announced. "There are more than two thousand of you gathered here today, but only a few will be able to enter the academy grounds.  

"Those who want to back out now, can still back out. After you sign the death waiver, there is no turning back. You only have one life. Do not throw it away just because you've dreamed about entering Hestia Academy."

Jophiel scanned the surroundings, but all he saw were determined faces. The people that had gathered at Antilia Island knew that there was a chance of death during the trials.  

Although the Academy had stepped up to prevent any casualties, there were still many young men and women who had died taking the exam, which had raised Jophiel's notoriety among the populace of the Central Continent.  

"It's your funeral," Jophiel stated. However, he didn't try to dissuade them again. All he did was ask everyone to sign the Death Waiver before the start of the exam.

"Conan, you don't have to sign that Death Waiver," Elliot said as he scratched his head. "As long as we don't use 100% of our power, we won't die even if we are killed."

"Kekeke, you don't understand Elliot," Conan replied as he signed a Death Waiver. "Although we can't die, that doesn't mean that we can't follow the standard operating procedure of mortals. Isn't it more fun this way? Um? The words of this dotted line are suspicious… it said that all items that we possess would be confiscated by the academy on the condition that we die during the trial."

"Really?" Elliot read the spot where Conan was pointing at and chuckled. "Doesn't this mean that we can also confiscate the items of those who died?"

"Oh… when you put it that way, it is indeed possible."

"Great. Let's keep a lookout on the people who are going to die. Let's split the items fifty-fifty."

"Kekeke. Sounds like a plan. Let's do it!"

Conan flapped its wings and waved the waver in his hand. He then raised his voice so that he would be heard by everyone who were currently signing their Death Waivers.

"Everyone. Do not worry. I, Conan, hereby swear that I will take responsibility for your possessions when you die," Conan declared. "I won't allow the academy to profit from your deaths. So, please, rest in peace!"

Elliot smacked his forehead when he heard his twin's declaration. "My Goodness, you shouldn't tell this to them face to face. Can't we just quietly steal– I mean, safeguard their possessions once they kick the bucket? Um… you sir over there, I just saw how you will die. Do you mind if I accompany you later during the trial?"

Everyone drew in deep breaths as they stared hatefully at the two Familiars who were already eyeing their possessions even when they were still alive. The man that Elliot had called out earlier, immediately tore his Death Waiver and left the premises.

For some reason, he felt that the Angelic Familiar's cryptic announcement had unnerved him, so he decided to try again next year!

William, Kenneth, Zhu, and Sha, walked away and pretended that they didn't know the two suicidal familiars who had earned the ire of everyone. Although William was confident in his strength, he didn't want to antagonize thousands of people.

"Miss beautiful, it would be best if you don't take the exam," Elliot said as he flew over a pretty lady who seemed to be in her late teens. "The thought of a monster eating you whole breaks my heart."

"Will I really die?" the pretty girl asked with an anxious expression on his face.

Elliot nodded. "Yes, but if you want to survive, I am selling lucky charms. They can help you survive this calamity. They are very cheap, just one gold and a kiss on the lips, and your chances of dying will decrease drastically. Take note that the only refund I will give back is the kiss, the gold coin is non refundable."

Elliot's sweet talking and suaveness was quite effective and the pretty lady bought one lucky charm and gave him a gold coin, and a kiss on the lips.

After getting the lucky charm, the lady went away with a sense of security. Some of the participants felt that the familiar was just scamming them, but the thought of dying was something that they couldn't push away in their mind.

A gold coin and a kiss was cheap compared to their lives, so more and more people were starting to get tempted by Elliot's proposal.

"Give me one Lucky Charm," a teenage boy who had freckles on his face approached Elliot.

Elliot looked at him with a serious expression and shook his head. "I only sell my lucky charm to girls. All of you guys can just roll over and die for all I care. Ah! Miss beautiful with the pink dress, can I interest you in some lucky charms?"

Elliot flew in the direction of the girl wearing a pink dress and left the boy with an awkward look on his face.  

The young men who saw this scene cursed Elliot in their hearts, and vowed to target him during the exam.  

The angelic familiar didn't give a hoot about what they thought. He was not easy to kill, and even if they succeeded in doing so, William could summon him again after twenty four hours.

"… Your familiar sure is something," Kenneth said with a complicated expression. "According to Lady Celeste, Familiars were born with traits belonging to their master. So, you have this kind of side to you that I didn't know about."

"You might have misheard her," William replied with a face filled with righteousness. "Do I look like a womanizing skirt chaser to you? I am like Conan. Straightforward and honest. I don't have a hobby of picking up girls and asking for a kiss. Isn't that right, Conan?"

"Yes. William isn't like that," Conan patted his chest like a trustworthy person. "He just kisses women in his dreams, and makes love to them every night. He had been doing it for yea– mpph!"

William hurriedly grabbed the whistle blower and covered the devil's mouth tight. Conan kept on struggling in his grip, but William held him in a vice-grip, preventing him from spilling his secrets.

Kenneth looked at him weirdly, but didn't comment more about the matter. He just closed his eyes and waited for Jophiel to start the entrance exam. What William did with his lovers was of his business.  

Half an hour later, all the waivers had been gathered. Jophiel gave William a long, hard, stare after he received the Half-Elf's waiver and seeing the red-headed teenager's name on it. A minute later, he turned around and made an announcement.

"Everyone, follow me. We are going to the exam's location," Jophiel declared. No one could see his face, but a glint of something ominous passed his eyes for a brief moment. 'Looks like this year's exam is going to be interesting.. I look forward to your performance, William Von Ainsworth.'







Chapter 714

The forest floor seemed to be trembling as thousands of people ran at the same time.  

Jophiel, the lead examiner, ran in a carefree manner followed by the aspiring students of Hestia Academy. In the beginning, there were several people who wanted to show off their prowess and ran ahead of him.

Jophiel didn't mind because he had already told everyone their destination. He said that those who were able to reach the northern tip of the island, would be able to pass the first stage of the exam.

The only condition was that they had to run towards it. Anyone who flew, used spells, artifacts, or rode beasts would automatically be disqualified.  

Those who ran ahead of Jophiel, and the rest of the examinees, felt very smug. They were confident in their physical prowess, and wanted to leave a good impression on the lead examiner. Unfortunately, they underestimated this simple marathon, and were soon panting for breath when they reached the quarter mark of their journey.

Their running course was 1,181 miles long. Every quartermark of their journey, their body weight would increase by a hundred percent (only the original 100% will increase and not the increment).  

This in itself was not a big deal, but there were wild beasts that would occasionally attack the runners using ranged attacks, especially if they were running solo. Although these beasts were not that powerful, the constant harassment made the already difficult run more difficult.

In the end, these runners waited for the main group to arrive and ran alongside them. There was safety in numbers and they had learned it the hard way.

William and his group were not normal individuals. They were all quite strong, so they paced themselves properly. They just followed behind Jophiel and kept the examiner in their sights.

When the main group reached the half-way mark, the lead examiner increased his pace, which surprised the majority of the runners who were following behind him.  

There were several repeaters in the group, so they already knew that this was bound to happen. They had even given this course a name and they called it the "Beginner Killing Course".

Most of the first timers would drop at this stage, and all of them would start training for a few months, before going back to Antilia Island to take the examination again.

These veterans ran at the rear of the group and allowed the "first timers" to run ahead of them.

In cycling, there is a trick called "Drafting". The lead cyclist would be the one pushing against the wind pressure and create a pocket of air behind him. The cyclist following him would suffer less air resistance, and match the lead cyclist speed using less effort.

If you use this technique, you will save a lot of energy. This was why a team of cyclists took turns in taking the lead position, so that others could rest behind them, allowing the group to have enough stamina to send their ace to reach the finish line in one mad sprint for victory.

"I guess that time we spent running in hell is finally paying off," Zhu said as he controlled his breathing.  

Sha nodded his head as he saw another examinee fall behind the group. More and more people were falling behind, and some of them couldn't even run anymore due to exhaustion.

They had been running for four hours, and they estimated that it would take them at least ten to fifteen more hours to reach their destination.  

"Are you okay?" William asked Kenneth who was starting to lag behind. He could tell that something was wrong with the Elf because there were instances when he would suddenly falter as he ran beside him.

"I'm fine," Kenneth replied as he rubbed his temple. He was doing his best to stay awake, but the drowsiness he felt was getting stronger with every hour that passed.

William frowned and he asked Zhu and Sha to look after Kenneth for a while as he sped up to the lead to talk to Jophiel. There was a question he was meaning to ask, and he wondered if the lead examiner would allow such a thing.

"Sir, excuse me," William said as he ran side by side with Jophiel. "There are several restrictions placed on this trial. However, there is no rule that states that you can't carry a person to the finish line."

Jophiel glanced at William and nodded his head. "There is indeed no rule that forbids anyone from carrying someone to the finish line."

"So, is it allowed?"

"It is allowed. However, very few do it. The weight increase will still affect the person that is being carried. Meaning, the burden of the one carrying that person would also increase drastically as we near the finish line."

"Thank you for answering my question," William gave Jophiel a brief nod before going back to his group.

Jophiel gave William a side-long glance before once again looking in front of him. He had witnessed many people do the same thing in the past. Among them, those that succeeded didn't surpass the number of fingers on his left hand.

Whether William would be able to accomplish that feat, he would only know once the Half-Elf crossed the finish line.

"I'll carry you," William said. "Don't worry. I'm confident that I can carry you all the way."

After a brief internal struggle, Kenneth accepted William's offer. He was really at his limit, and the power of his Divinity couldn't be denied. The Half-Elf carried Kenneth in a princess carry, and marveled on how light he was.  

Half a minute later, Kenneth closed his eyes to sleep. Those who held the power of Sloth weren't really built for long marathons. The silver-haired Elf had already gone above and beyond his capability. He was even surprised that he managed to last this long in an event that required constant physical activity.

The hours passed, and only a few hundred were still following behind Jophiel. The sun had already set, and the surroundings were quite dark. If not for the fact that Elliot used his powers to create several balls of light to illuminate the way, some of the survivors might have already tripped on the ground due to how dark it was.

William had no problem seeing in the dark because he was a Half-Elf, and was blessed with Dark Vision.  

William estimated that they were almost at the last quarter of their journey. However, something unexpected happened.  

Just as they made a turn in the path, Jophiel suddenly disappeared. He literally vanished in front of everyone, and even William didn't know how the Lead Examiner accomplished such a thing, right under his nose.

Suddenly, a loud howling sound was heard in the distance. William assumed that it came from a wolf, because the howl was quite distinct. As if to answer the call, hundreds of howls erupted out of nowhere, and it made the survivors frown.

All of them were quite proficient in fighting, so they weren't afraid of a battle against wolves. However, their confidence collapsed when they heard an earth shaking howl that held considerable power behind it.

Only William, Elliot, Conan, Zhu, and Sha were not fazed by this powerful presence who seemed to be the Alpha of the wolf pack.  

Optimus had already identified the source of the howl, and had shown the information to William in his status page.

When the Half-Elf saw the name of the Millennial Beast, a smile appeared on his face, as if he was meeting an old friend.

It was other than a Thunder Horned Wolf. A Millennial Beast that was at its peak stage, and the same beast that William had killed back in Lont, alongside Ella when the Wolf Tide descended upon the Hellan Kingdom.

For the examinees, this was a creature that was out of their league.  

Jophiel looked with indifference at the thousands of Dire Wolves that were charging towards the examinees' direction.

This was not included in the Trial, but the Wolf Pack suddenly appeared out of nowhere. If William wasn't in the group, Jophiel would have faced this wolf army alone to protect everyone.

However, since William was already there, he decided to just watch as the battle unfolded. He wanted to know the abilities of the person that had gained so much fame after his achievement in the Tower of Babylon.

This was also in alignment with the order of the Headmaster of Hestia Academy. As the person that was in charge of the entrance exams, Jophiel was given full authorization to gauge William's current strength.

Just like everyone else, he was very curious about William's combat ability. If he managed to pass this trial with flying colors, the academy would definitely welcome him with open arms. They were always in the lookout for promising individuals that would help safeguard the world of Hestia, in its entirety.







Chapter 715

Screams erupted in the forest as the examinees found themselves face to face with thousands of Dire Wolves, and their leader, the Thunder Horned Wolf.  

None of the teenagers were weak. Even though they were completely outnumbered, they had the ability to overcome the ferocious Dire Wolves that were eyeing them with greed. The only problem was that of them were strong enough to fight against a Millennial Beast at its peak stage.

If it was only a Centennial Beast, they could probably beat it. But, a Millennial Beast was too much for these examinees, and the mere sight of it unnerved them.

"You can put me down now," Kenneth said as he opened his eyes.

He awoke because he felt something that could potentially threaten his life. After looking at the Beast Army in front of him, Kenneth knew that William was enough to easily defeat all of the Direwolves, including their leader, even if he fought alone.

"Okay." William nodded his head.

Just as soon as Kenneth's feet touched the ground, the Thunder Horned Wolf roared and the thousands of Dire Wolves attacked en masse.

William didn't care too much about the Dire Wolves because he believed that the examinees were strong enough to handle them. However, he still gave an order to Elliot and Conan to keep the teenagers from getting killed by the Wolf Army.

"Do you need help?" Zhu asked.

William shook his head. "I am more than enough to play with this thing."

"Okay. We'll just look after the others," Zhu commented. Just like William, he wasn't worried about a mere Millennial Beast. He was not aware that the Thunder Horned Wolf's last resort was strong enough to wipe out an entire capital of a kingdom when push came to shove.

The Thunder Horned Wolf's final attack, Storm Annihilation, was as powerful as a full-powered attack by a Myriad Beast.

Among all the Millennial Beasts, only this particular wolf was capable of doing that. Only those with complete confidence in their abilities would actively provoke this sinister beast, who was notorious for mass destruction.

William flew towards the Thunder Horned Wolf to prevent it from joining the fray and hurting everyone.

The two forces clashed and the battlefield became extremely chaotic.

Howls, grunts, shouts, roars, and screams reverberated in the air as the examinees fought with everything they had.  

"Ahh!" The pretty girl who bought Elliot's charm was hit by an Air Blast from an Alpha Wolf, and her body slammed to a tree.  

She had been seriously injured. Her face became instantly pale when she saw the two-meter wolf charging in her direction. The examinees who were fighting near her were too busy, fending off other Dire Wolves, so no one was able to give her any support.

Just as the wolf lunged at the girl to bite her head off, a lightning bolt hit its face, and sent it flying a few meters back.

"Miss Beautiful, worry not, for I, Elliot, am here to save you," Elliot said as he floated between the wolf and the pretty girl.

Lightning sparked around his body and a powerful wave of energy erupted from his fingertip.

"Chain Lightning!"

A lightning bolt that was as thick as an electric pole, obliterated the Alpha Wolf, turning its body into a piece of charcoal. However, it didn't end there. Just as the name suggested, the lightning passed through the other wolves that were near its location.

The pretty girl's mouth hung open as she looked at the unbelievable scene in front of her. She never expected the little familiar, whom she bought her lucky charm from, to easily kill the Alpha Wolf that almost ended her life.  

"All those who bought lucky charms from me are under my protection," Elliot said as he flicked his hair in arrogance. "Girls, stand behind me. I'll deal with these small fries. As long as I, Elliot, am around, I will not let them touch even a strand of your precious hairs."

Elliot fired a barrage of lightning bolts at the Dire Wolves that had panicked after one of their leaders had died.  

The Alpha Wolf was a Rank C Beast, and the other Dire Wolves were Rank D.  

For Elliot and Conan who had faced stronger opponents in the Dungeon of Atlantis, this battle was a walk in the park and carried no suspense.

"Shield Bash!" Conan summoned a shield and slammed it into a Dire Wolf who had escaped Elliot's powerful attacks. Just as he was about to look for another target, he heard a call of help coming from a teenage boy who was being assaulted by six Dire Wolves.  

"Help!" the teenage boy screamed in desperation as the wolves tried to attack him in every direction. He could handle two wolves at a time, but six wolves was something way beyond his abilities.

Just as he was about to be attacked from his blindspot, a round shield flew in the air and smashed the head of the wolf who used a sneak attack on the boy. It then flew towards the other wolves, hitting them all in the head, and giving them serious concussions.  

"Shield Boomerang!" Conan summoned more shields and hurled them in different directions. Although he specialized in defense, the Devil Familiar had learned two offensive skills after William had reached the max level of the Familiamancer Class.  

Although its damage was not as powerful as Elliot's lightning bolts, Conan's attack skills were strong enough to deal with weaker beasts that were Rank C and below.  

Zhu casually swiped his nine-toothed rake at the Dire Wolves that had targeted him, and ended their lives in a heartbeat.

Sha, on the other hand, was already holding a gourd in his hand. Sand flowed from it and became deadly weapons that ended the life of all the Dire Wolves that were unlucky enough to be within twenty meters around him.

Jophiel nodded his head in appreciation because he wasn't expecting William's group to be very strong. As one of the Adamantium Ranked Warriors in the academy, he could tell that the Dire Wolves posed no threat to them whatsoever.

Kenneth stood still and held a short sword in his hand. He didn't actively participate in the battle, and only attacked the wolves that had chosen to attack him. As the runner up of the Tournament of Champions, mere Dire Wolves were not enough to phase him.  

If William wasn't busy dealing with the Millennial Wolf, he would definitely say that Kenneth was currently in "Energy Saving Mode".

The moment Sha, and Zhu, joined Elliot and Conan in protecting the examinees, the Dire Wolves ferocious charge was put to a complete stop.

If they didn't die from Elliot's lightning bolts, they would find themselves coming face to face with a shield that would knock them unconscious.

If they survived those two attacks, they would have their bodies torn apart by Zhu's nine-toothed rake.

If ever they were truly lucky, and survived this three layered attack that protected the students, they would find themselves encased in sand and have their bodies squeezed until they burst apart.  

The examinees looked at their four saviors with respect and admiration. They believed that if Elliot, Conan, Zhu, and Sha, were not present, all of them would have died in the first stage of the Entrance Exam.

The five-meter wolf crashed on the ground with a bloody nose, after receiving a powerful kick from William.  

William had equipped his Zen Master Job Class, and pummeled the Thunder Horned Wolf's face with punches and kicks that made it realize that the red-headed boy was way stronger than it expected.

After being beaten black and blue without having the ability to fight back, the Leader of the Wolf Pack gave a loud howl before running away in defeat.

The remaining Dire Wolves also turned tail and ran after their leader. They thought that they were dealing with easy prey, so the Thunder Horned Wolf ordered the attack. They didn't expect that they were about to kick a steel plate, and would suffer terribly from it.

"That's it?" William blinked in disbelief as he watched the Thunder Horned Wolf and its lackeys run for their lives.

The Half-Elf scratched his head in disappointment.. He was waiting for the Big Boss to launch the Storm of Annihilation so that he could deliver the coup de grace on its bum, and make it regret it was ever born.







Chapter 716

The Thunder Horned Wolf was still in the prime of its life and didn't have the intention of using its ultimate move. Even if it survived its suicidal attack, it would be greatly weakened and would become the prey of the other strong Beasts on the Island of Antilia.  

It would not allow itself to become the prey of others, so it decided to retreat instead of continuing a losing battle against the Half-Elf, whose evil smile made it clench its chrysanthemum subconsciously.

After the battle ended, everyone tended to their injuries.  

Elliot was holding a rejuvenating balm in his hand, and busied himself in administering first aid to the ladies. Instead of asking for gold coins, he only asked for kisses, which made the boys draw deep breaths in jealousy.

A few minutes later, Jophiel re-appeared and clapped his hands to give applause to the survivors. There had been no casualties, due to everyone's efforts and this was enough to gain his approval.

"With the power vested upon me by the academy, I hereby declare that all of you who stayed to fight, passed the first stage of the exam," Jophiel said. He then used a magic spell to magnify the power of voice and shouted to those that had chosen to escape and save their own lives during the battle.

"Those who rqn away will be disqualified from taking the exam. The academy has no need for people who would abandon others in the face of danger. Teaching them would just be a waste of time and resources."

When the deserters heard this, they immediately regretted their decision. They then returned to the group and argued with Jophiel that they had no obligation to fight a losing battle. Also, they pointed out that they didn't have strong ties with the others who were also participating in the exam.

Since they were strangers, they had no reason to endanger their lives for the sake of others.

"All of your reasons are justified," Jophiel replied to the group of deserters. "But, since I am the Chief Examiner, my words are law. If I say you failed then you failed. Of course, if you feel that I am in the wrong, feel free to fight me. Those who win will no longer have to participate in the next set of exams, and will be directly enrolled in the academy."

Jophiel crossed his arms. "I am giving you deserters a one-way ticket into the academy. All you need to do is beat me. So, who wants to try first? No scratch that. All of you come to fight me at the same time. If I can't even win against a bunch of cowards, I will immediately resign from my position."

"You are abusing your authority! Don't think that we are afraid to fight you!" one of the deserters said in anger.

"That's right! If you want to fight then let's fight! We're not afraid of you!"

"Who's scared of who? Just don't whine that we bullied you, Mr. Examiner."

"Everyone let us all fight together! We are being treated unfairly. Let us prove that we are not cowards!"

More than seventy people encircled Jophiel and summoned their weapons. They believed that with their numbers, they would be able to defeat a single individual. Jophiel was not a Saint. Although he was strong, the group of deserters believed that they had a chance of winning against him.

Jophiel just smiled and made the "Come and get me" gesture to the aggrieved examinees. William's earlier battle made his blood boil, and this was the perfect opportunity to vent out his pent up adrenaline.  

The Examiner had long accepted that he couldn't do anything about the rich and influential people from using the backdoor by buying their way into the academy. This was why he had high standards for people that were trying to enroll normally.

What he hated the most were cowards, so he would not bat an eye when it came to disqualifying those whom he deemed unworthy to enter the academy gates.

Fifteen minutes later, all the deserters were lying on the ground and groaning in pain.  

"Send the rescue team," Jophiel said through a communication crystal. "The first stage is over. Out of almost three thousand examinees, only one-hundred-twenty-three remain."

"Understood," a woman's voice replied. "Where will you take those who passed the first test?"

Jophiel didn't reply right away and seemed to be making a big decision on the spot. A minute later, he opened his mouth and told his superior about his decision.

"I intend to divide them into two groups," Jophiel reported. "The power levels of the one named William and his group, far exceed those of his peers. It would be unfair to bring them onto the same stage, so I decided to ask my subordinate to watch over the first group, while I personally monitor William's group."

The tapping sound of a finger hitting a table could be heard on the other end of the communication crystal. Clearly, Jophiel's superior was weighing the pros and cons of this sudden change of plans.

"Very well, I approve of your decision," the woman said. "Report to me if anything out of the ordinary happens. Celeste is already aware that William is taking the entrance exam. She is now heading towards your location. At most, it will take her a day or two to arrive."

"Understood. Thank you for the clearance."

"You're welcome. I look forward to your next report."

Jophiel closed the connection and wrote something in the small notebook in his hand.

"Excels in hand to hand combat," Jophiel said softly as he wrote in his notebook. "Able to easily fight against a Thunder Horned Wolf without using any magic power. Based on the technique he used, he is either a brawler, a monk or, a martial artist that had designed his own fighting style.  

"He has two familiars. One specializes in pure offense, and wields the power of lighting. The other familiar, on the other hand, specializes in defense, but is also able to use offensive attacks using shields. Although the offensive damage of these attacks isn't lethal, it is strong enough to deal medium damage to Rank C Beasts and below."

After writing his initial thoughts about William and his two familiars, Jophiel returned the small notebook inside his storage ring. He then crossed his arms to wait for the support team to arrive. It is part of their procedure to pick up the stragglers, and take those that had been disqualified back to their main camp, before proceeding to the next stage of the Entrance Exam.

The Entrance Exam only had two stages. The first one was the trial of endurance, and the next one is the trial of strength.  

William had already shown Jophiel that he was able to contend against Millennial Beasts, so he had prepared a special test just for him and his group.

The island next to the Antilia Island was home to a troublesome race that was starting to pose a serious threat to the local population.. Jophiel was planning to send William and his group to this location and order them to help the locals deal with the threat that was looming over their heads.







Chapter 717

A day after the First Trial had ended, William and the rest of the examinees were taken to a sea port for their next exam.  

"These two ships will take you to the examination grounds," Jophiel explained. "The Red Ship on my left will take you to the Normal Exam area. Once you pass this exam, you will gain the opportunity to become a student of Hestia Academy.

"The Black Ship on my right, is a ship that will take you the Special Exam. The difficulty of the exam in that area is very hard. Take note that there is no special reward for passing this trial. Just like the normal trial, those who will pass this exam will have the opportunity to become a student of the academy."

The examinees began to murmur among themselves. They didn't understand why there had to be two ships instead of one. Some of them had taken the test several times, and this was the first time that they saw the Black Ship in the sea port.

Naturally, Jophiel could understand their confusion, so he decided to stop beating around the bush and start his plan.

"You, the young man with red hair and a stupid expression on his face. Step forward," Jophiel said as he pointed in William's direction.  

William looked behind. He was very curious who the red-haired person was, and wanted to see the stupid expression on his face. After checking the hair color of everyone, William realized that there wasn't anyone with red-hair among them.

The corner of Kenneth's lips raised slightly as he eyed the confused Half-Elf who was still looking for the person that Jophiel was pointing at.

"No need to look behind you," Jophiel said after clearing his throat. "Your name is William, right? If yes, step forward."

William glanced at Jophiel in disbelief. "Are you referring to me?"

"Of course." Jophiel nodded. "Do you see any other person among your peers who has red hair and a stupid expression on his face? Clearly, I was talking to you."

William crossed his arms over his chest and refused to budge. He refused to acknowledge that he had a stupid expression on his face.  

"WIth all due respect, Sir. How can someone as handsome as me look stupid in your eyes?" William questioned. "I think it is about time that you visit an eye specialist. It is best to handle this kind of problem during its early stages then let it become worse over the passing of time. Also, I planned to take the Red Ship instead of the black one."

"Step forward or I will fail you. If you question my orders again, you will be banned from entering the academy and will not be allowed to step through its gates, even if you resort to paying the two million gold fee."

William snorted and reluctantly stepped forward. Although he was unwilling, he knew that having a falling out with Jophiel at this point in time was not a good thing.  

"You will take a separate test from the others," Jophiel declared. "Of course, if any of you want to join him, feel free to do so. Just know that the chances of you losing your life are higher compared to the normal exam."

Kenneth stepped forward and stood beside William. Zhu and Sha did the same.  

They were there to accompany William, so they would naturally stick with him as he took the special trial that Jophiel had prepared for him.

None of the other examinees stepped forward. They recognized William's group, and somehow understood what the Head Examiner was trying to do. Even though they didn't want to admit it, they understood that William and his companions were way above their league.  

The battle against the Thunder Horned Wolf and the Dire Wolves was the best proof of their outstanding battle prowess.

After waiting for a few minutes, Jophiel deemed that no one else was bold enough to join William's group. He then raised his hand and asked the remaining examinees to board the Red Ship, so that they could sail towards their destination.

After all the examinees had boarded the ship, he then looked at William's group with an indifferent expression.

"All of you are coming with me," Jophiel ordered. "Let's board the Black Ship."  

He didn't wait for anyone's reply and walked towards the ship. William sighed as he followed behind Jophiel.  

The Half-Elf had a feeling that this Special Exam of his would be a pain in the bum.

After the two ships departed, Celeste finally arrived on the island of Antilia. As a Professor, she had the privilege of monitoring the examinees who planned to enroll at the academy.

The beautiful Elf met Chloee, Princess Sidonie, Ian, and Chiffon on the final island. This was the place where those who passed the two exams would gather. There were other professors on the island as well.  

Their purpose was to look for promising individuals to join their faction. Princess Sidonie, Ian, and Chiffon had been scouted by these professors beforehand.  

The beautiful Princess of Freesia had warned Ian and Chiffon that they shouldn't outright reject the offers of the professors, so that they wouldn't take offense. The excuse that they had given to those who invited them into their factions was that they wanted to see what the academy had to offer before they made a decision.

The professors accepted this reason, and didn't try to push the issue. They only said that the girls could approach them once they had settled in the academy. Also, Chloee's presence was more than enough to intimidate these recruiters.

The little fairy was infamous for its notoriety inside the academy. Only those that hid under a rock, inside Hestia Academy, wouldn't know who Chloee was. You either liked her, or hated her. There was no middle ground when it came to the little fairy, who liked to speak to others by using her fists!

"It's good to see you again, Chiffon," Celeste said with a smile.

Chiffon briefly nodded her head, but didn't say anything else. The pink-haired girl had kept her distance from the beautiful Elf. Although she didn't dislike Celeste anymore, that didn't mean that she planned to have a close relationship with her.

While Chiffon kept Celeste at arm's length, her relationship with Chloee was good. The little Glutton and the little familiar often ate pancakes together for breakfast. Due to Chloee's straightforward personality, it was very easy for Chiffon to get along with her.

Princess Sidonie on the other hand, looked at Celeste with great interest. Both women were very beautiful. The Princess was the epitome of youthful beauty, while the Elf's beauty had a sense of maturity in it.  

She noticed that Celine and Celeste looked like they were in their early twenties, and were blessed with the good looks of the Elven Race.  

One represented Lust, the other Chastity.  

However, her Divinity reacted at the presence of her counterpart's Divinity and soon a subtle clash of power ensued between the two. One actively sought out otherworldly pleasures, the other kept her innocence intact.  

There had been many cases in history when the maidens of these two divinities would often clash against each other. This was a common occurrence when Lust and Chastity collided.  

Princess Sidonie and Celeste kept a tight leash on their Divinities, and prevented them from causing chaos in their surroundings. Although the Seven Deadly Sins and Seven Virtues were the opposite of each other, that didn't mean that they were enemies.

Conflicts may arise every now and then, but this was only natural among those who held such great powers. However, unlike the Seven Sins who sometimes went out of their way to antagonize each other, the Seven Virtues were always united.

They would never harm each other, and would even offer their support, if one of their members needed assistance. This was also why the Holy Order of Light was founded.  

This was the main difference among the Chosen Maidens that carried the power of Sins and Virtues.  

"I've heard many things about you, Celeste," Princess Sidonie said as she extended her hand for a handshake. "It's a pleasure to finally meet you in the flesh."

"Likewise. I have long wanted to meet you, Princess Sidone. It seems that your beauty matches the power of your Divinity," Celeste took Princess Sidonie's hand and shook it twice before letting go.

"Are you here for my husband?"

"Husband?"

Princess Sidonie smiled sweetly as she placed her hand behind her back. "Yes. William and I got married a few weeks ago. Feel free to write a letter to your sister and inform her about this matter."

"… I will do that," Celeste replied. She did her best to retain the calm expression on her face, while deep inside, she was cursing William for being a womanizer. As the virtue of Chastity, she was not a fan of a man who took more than one wife.

Celeste was still on the fence about William, but her sister had already given her maidenhood to the Half-Elf, to test whether he was the Prince of Darkness or not. So far, the results were negative, and because of this, Celine was willing to give William the benefit of the doubt.

The Maiden of Chastity just found it hard to stomach that the Half-Elf had married two of the Seven Sins, while her sister was in the Demonic Continent looking for her Master.

'Sister, the man you chose is scum,' Celeste sighed inside her heart. 'The way things are going, I wouldn't be surprised if he continued his streak and married more women. I better correct this attitude of his when he is in the academy. I will not allow my sister to be tied up with a womanizer!"

For the sake of her sister's happiness, she would do her best to teach William that being a skirt-chaser was a very deplorable profession.







Chapter 718

The Black Ship traveled for a full day before docking into a port.  

During the journey, William just slept because he hadn't gotten a good rest since he left the Kraetor Empire.  

After Malacai had parted ways with him, the Half-Elf busied himself in upgrading his Job Classes to their maximum level limit.

So far, the only Job Class that had met the full requirement of the Jack of All Trades was the Ice Sovereign. This was William's first Job Class that had reached its Max Level, and right now, he was focusing on the Elemental Lord's final class, which was the Elemental Archon.

Although his Einherjar Job Class was powerful, William wasn't too keen on using it unless he had to. He was afraid that after he had lost all of the memories of his life on Earth, the next memories he would lose would be his memories of Asgard.

When those, too, were gone, would he lose the memories that he currently had in this world?

William didn't even want to think of such a thing.

He wouldn't allow such a thing to happen.

As William walked behind Jophiel, he eyed the people that lived in the outpost. The adults seemed to be on edge, but when they saw Jophiel, they all greeted him with respect. The Half-Elf also noticed that there was also relief in their faces.

It was as if Jophiel's presence was enough to make them feel safe and secure.  

Chloee had told William many things about the Hestia Academy, and this information had greatly piqued William's curiosity.

According to his Sixth Master, Hestia Academy was no ordinary academy. It was a territory that encompassed vast swaths of lands and, when you combine all of these lands together, it was more than enough to found a kingdom.

For such an academy to flourish it only meant one thing. It had a very powerful backing.  

None of the Empires, Kingdoms, or other influential Factions, dared to set their eyes on the academy's territory. It was a neutral power that everyone wanted to be on good terms with.

This was why most of the Royal heirs, and high ranking nobles in the Central Continent, enrolled in the academy to form powerful connections with people in high places. Such connections would definitely prove to be helpful in the future when they graduated and succeeded their parents' positions.

Jophiel took them to the outpost town known as Stonescream Stronghold. This was the town that had been built on this island, which was under the government of the Academy of Hestia.

This outpost had less than ten-thousand people, and most of them were refugees who belonged to the various ethnicities of the Central Continent. With no place to go, these people traveled all the way to the Free City of Rhea, where most outcasts and refugees gathered.

"Sir Jophiel, our hunters had reported increased activity coming from the direction of the colony," the Commander of the outpost reported.  

Although he was the commander of Stonescream Stronghold, he was very polite and respectful when talking to Jophiel, which showed how important the Head Examiner was in Hestia Academy.  

"Did they attack any of the hunters?" Jophiel inquired. "Did they try to come near the outpost?"  

The Commander nodded his head and his face became very serious. "Our Hunters have experienced harassment. Although no one on our side received any lethal injuries from these conflicts, they did suffer minor injuries.  

"There are also sightings of their scouts observing our outpost from the edges of the forest. Perhaps, they are observing our defenses, and looking for any kind of weakness that they may exploit."

Jophiel nodded his head in understanding. "Don't worry. These people behind me have come to help. Send all the information you have about our 'neighbors' to our quarters. We will discuss how to best solve the current problem, without resorting to full-blown hostilities."

"That is for the best," the Outpost Commander replied with a strained smile. "We are completely outnumbered, and war is the last thing we want to happen."

Jophiel asked some casual questions about the Outpost's current condition, before taking William and the rest to the quarters that were meant for the envoys of Hestia Academy.  

As soon as they arrived at their destination, Jophiel gave them a brief summary of the problem that was currently plaguing Stronescream Stronghold, inside a conference room.  

"Our Academy helps to relocate people that have nowhere to go," Jophiel explained. "This island is one of the locations where we planned to build a flourishing city that would cater to the refugees, outcasts, and other wandering nomads that have no place to settle. Unfortunately, this island has… unique inhabitants that makes our expansion very slow."

William crossed his arms over his chest, as he listened to Jophiel's explanation. Although the Head Examiner used the word expansion, the Half-Elf immediately understood the gist of the problem.

"Sir, are you planning to colonize this island?" William inquired after Jophiel finished his vague explanation.  

Jophiel eyed the red-headed teenager before shaking his head. "You got it wrong. There are no people on this island. When the explorer team of the academy visited these lands. They had confirmed that there were no humanoid creatures, in any form that inhabited this land. And this information held true until recently."

The Head Examiner placed a crystal in the middle of the table and a projection appeared in front of everyone.

"A foreign race had become stranded in this land, and their numbers have increased drastically as the years have passed," Jophiel stated as the projection showed the appearance of the problem that they had to face. "At first, these foreign guests posed no threat to the outpost. You could even say that we were not aware of their existence until something unexpected happened."

Jophiel tapped the crystal twice and a new image appeared in front of everyone.

"These creatures have a terrifying ability that allows them to evolve and, if not solved immediately, could pose a threat, not only to the people in the outpost, but to the entire world as well. We are afraid that if they were to find a means to leave this island then a calamity might befall upon the entire world.

"Gentlemen, the Academy considers this incident a Class S Mission. If you are able to find a way to help solve this problem, you will not only pass this exam, but you will also be greatly rewarded by the academy. Do any of you have any questions?"

William had a complicated look on his face as he looked at the creatures that were in the projection. He didn't know if he should laugh or cry at the Class S Mission that the academy had presented to him.

If it had been other people who were sent to the island, he believed that they would have a problem dealing with the evolving creatures. But, for William, this wasn't a big deal. Since that was the case, he asked Jophiel the only question that he had in mind.

"What are they called?" William asked.

Jophiel cleared his throat before answering William's question.  

"They are called… Requiem Antz.. A race that is said to have come from one of the forbidden lands of the Central Continent, The Eternal Evergarden."







Chapter 719

William read the information about the Requiem Antz and scratched his head. He was currently inside his own room with Elliot and Conan, and reading the data that was given to them by the Commander of the outpost.

According to the data, the antz had slowly evolved over the years.  

After bringing back the bodies of small dead animals to their nest, their queen had given birth to Antz that possessed similar abilities to the creatures that it had consumed. Every generation of the Antz not only became bigger, but stronger as well.

According to the report, the Antz had managed to salvage the body of a Rank E Beast that had died of old age, near their nest. That was the trigger that had allowed the next generation of Antz to evolve into beasts that could destroy the ecosystem of the island.

Although Rank E Beasts were in the lowest Power Ranking, this power classification could be ignored if there were enough of them to overcome a strong enemy through numbers. According to the data that William received, a Rank E Beast would give the Requiem Antz Queen the ability to produce three Rank E Antz, with that beast's characteristics.

These three Rank E's hunted other Rank E's until their numbers increased. Then, when they numbered in the hundreds, they started hunting Rank D Beasts.

They evolved at an alarming rate, and of the Human Hunters dared to hunt alone. A month ago, the Hunters spotted a handful of Requiem Antz who had the strength of Rank B Beasts, hunting other Rank B Beasts in the island. They believed that there could be more that were hunting on the parts of the island that they hadn't explored yet.

This discovery prompted the Top Brass of the academy to start putting together an evacuation plan that would take the villagers off of the island. This was also why they had sent Jophiel, and a few other Adamantium Ranks to Stonescream Stronghold to prevent any kind of invasion from the race that was starting to flip the balance of power on the island.

"Kasogonaga will have a field day if you set him loose on the island," Elliot said as he read one of the documents that had been spread out on William's table.  

"Right now, the strongest fighting force they have are Rank B Beasts that could possibly number in the hundreds," Conan commented as he sat on William's shoulder. "Will this be enough to prompt our Rainbow-Colored Deity to make a move? Maybe Kasogonaga will think that it is far beneath it to dine on low-class creatures."

William rested his chin on the back of his clasped hands and stared into space.  

"Elliot, Conan, don't you think that this whole Requiem Antz business is fishy?" William asked.  

Elliot tilted his head in confusion. "Fishy? What do you mean fishy?"

Conan, who was seated on William's shoulder, chuckled as he realized what William was thinking.

"I see, there is this angle as well," Conan nodded in approval. "They really know how to take advantage of the situation."

Elliot looked at William and Conan with a frown. He didn't understand what was strange about the current situation.  

Seeing that his twin was still clueless about the situation, Conan decided to speak out, and explain the strangeness of the circumstances that surround the threat Requiem Antz.

"If the Academy really wanted to exterminate the Antz, they could easily do it by sending Adamantium Ranked Warriors, headed by a Saint or two," Conan said with a smirk. "Hestia Academy is a powerhouse in the Central Continent.  

"Do you really think that it will be hard for them to nip this threat in the bud? Since they didn't do it, it could only mean one thing. They have other plans regarding the further evolution of these Antz. Tsk tsk, their appetite is quite big."

William nodded his head in agreement. "Perhaps, the academy wanted to evacuate the people in the outpost in order to turn this island into a breeding ground for the Requiem Antz.

"Frankly, I would not be surprised if the academy started feeding them Millennial Beasts in order to produce Millennial Antz that could become their Super Soldiers, which would then serve as troops for the academy."

Conan snorted. "The only thing they needed to do is to make a soul contract with the Ant Queen, and make her brood obey their every command. With such a convenient pawn at their disposal, they could easily build a military power that wouldn't lose to the Empires in the Central Continent."

William sighed. His lover, Princess Sidonie had made a contract with the Myriad Ant Queen, and was in command of millions of ants. The Myriad Queen had the ability to give birth to Millennial Ants, but she couldn't do it willy-nilly. At most, the Queen could give birth to one Millennial Ant a month, but that was already a fearsome ability.

If the Requiem Antz Queen could give birth to dozens of Millennial Antz in a week, wouldn't that simply become overkill?  

Elliot finally realized the crux of the matter and frowned. He then rubbed his chin as he pondered the reason why Jophiel had sent William to the Outpost.

"So, this S Class Mission is fake?" Elliot asked after organizing his thoughts. He couldn't come up with a proper explanation to what Jophiel was thinking.

William and Conan exchanged a glance before shaking their heads.

"This S Class Mission is real," William sneered. "They just think that an ordinary examinee will not be able to handle this situation. I think Jophiel just wanted us to hunt some of these Rank B Antz in order to cull their numbers. This will be enough for us to pass the exam."

Conan laughed because he already understood what William was thinking. The Devil Familiar felt sorry for the Hestia Academy because they were not aware of his Master's capabilities. Sending him to the Island was something that they never should have done.

Elliot's eyes widened in surprise when he also realized what William and Conan had in mind. If his hunch was correct then this whole incident would bring them an unexpected opportunity!

"My Goodness! Don't tell me!" Elliot's body shuddered in excitement. "You're planning to do THAT?!"

William gave Elliot an angelic smile. A smile that looked so innocent on the surface, but was as black as James' heart underneath.

"Let's go," William said as he stood up to leave the room in a good mood.. "It's time to take a look at these Antz and see what they are capable of."







Chapter 720

"The evacuation will start in two days' time," a middle-aged man whose hair was all white said as he looked at Jophiel's projection. "We have already sent the ships and they will be arriving at the designated time. I expect that you will be able to flawlessly handle this matter, Jophiel."

"You can count on me, Headmaster," Jophiel replied. "It will be done as you envisioned."

The Headmaster of Hestia Academy nodded his head. "How is that boy, William? According to your report, you, him, and his companions arrived on Antilia island four hours ago. Did you already mention the S Class Mission to him?"

Jophiel nodded. "I think that he will start moving when morning comes. For now, he and his companions are resting in their quarters."

"Pass him after he had eliminated a few of the Antz," the Headmaster ordered. "He has already proven himself worthy after clearing the 51st Floor of the Tower of Babylon. What we are doing is simply formalities."

"As you command, Headmaster," Jophiel bowed.

"Report to me if anything happens. Make sure to keep an eye out on the boy. We don't want him to accidentally die on the island."

"Him dying on this piece of land would be a great loss for humanity. Worry not, I will ensure that he arrives at the academy safely."

—–

While Jophiel and the Headmaster of the Academy were chatting with each other, William, and his companions had snuck out of the Outpost and infiltrated the forest, headed towards the nest of the Requiem Antz.

"I've heard about these Antz before," Kenneth said as he ran beside William. "The Elders had captured a queen from the Everlasting Evergarden and decided to raise it in one of their territories. However, they had underestimated the Antz capacity to evolve, and a catastrophe of unprecedented proportions broke out in their clan's ancestral grounds.

"Their plan was to make the Antz Queen a Beast Companion of one of the Elders, but she refused and resisted any kind of spiritual binding. After suffering hardships, the Queen retaliated and ordered her army to raze everything in their path.

"Tens of thousands of Centennial and Millennial Antz started to attack the Elven Clans. It was similar to a Beast Tide, but each Antz was a powerhouse with the weakest at the level of a Centennial Rank. It was simply too much for anyone to resist.

"Fortunately, the Guardians and Lord Sepheron Intervened. The Antz had all been wiped out, and the King decreed that such experiments shouldn't be done ever again. I'm sure that the same thing will happen here if the Humans think that they can control the Antz who hail from one of the Forbidden Grounds of the Central Continent."

William was dumbfounded by Kenneth's explanation.  

Tens of thousands of Centennial and Millennial Antz was an obscene number. Without Pseudo-Demigods, and Demigods to guard against an invasion, these Antz could easily wipe out entire cities in the span of an hour or two.

"We should eliminate this threat as soon as possible," Kenneth urged. "They may be weak right now, with their strongest warriors at Rank B, but once they slay a higher tier beast, things will start to get ugly."

"Don't worry. I already have a plan in mind." William chuckled.  

William wasn't worried even if it was true that the Requiem Antz couldn't be tamed. Unlike the Elves, and the Humans, William was confident that he could negotiate with the Requiem Antz Queen, with the help of a certain rainbow-colored Anteater.  

With such a handy deterrent by his side, no Antz would dare to disobey his orders!

An hour later, the group finally arrived at the Antz Nest. They had masked their presence from the Antz by controlling their aura. However, it would be impossible to do that now because each entrance was guarded by Rank B Requiem Antz.

"What should we do now?" Zhu asked. "Should we just barge right in and make our presence known? If we do that, we might get swarmed by millions of Ants."

Sha nodded his head. "Although they are just small fries, if the commotion gets big enough, Jophiel will surely be alerted. There's no doubt that he will head in our direction at full speed and investigate. That will complicate the plan you have in mind, Will."

William nodded in agreement. He had already formulated several approaches to this problem and of them was feasible, in the end he decided to use his Trump Card and get it over with.

"Kasogonaga, I choose you!" William said and he summoned the rainbow-colored Anteater from the Thousand Beast Domain.

"Oh? Are we already in the nest?" Kasogonaga looked around in curiosity.

William had informed it beforehand about his plan, and the anteater readily agreed. In fact, Kasogonaga informed William that it had even raised a Requiem Ant Queen in the past.  

When William asked what happened to the Antz Queen, Kasogonaga only smirked as if saying "Don't ask questions you already know".

The moment the Requiem Antz Guards saw Kasogonaga, all of them ran towards the entrance of their nest like little crabs on the beach. Kasogonaga walked towards the entrance with an evil smile on its face.

Clearly, it was looking forward to the harvest that it was about to reap.

Unfortunately, William was there to stop it from its gluttonous appetite.

"You're forgetting our purpose for coming here," William said as he grabbed the drooling Anteater, who was very keen on entering the nest.

"Relax, I got this!" Kasogonaga replied as it patted its chest. "Do you think I will be tempted by these low-ranked Antz? I will raise the Ant Queen and feed it Centennial Beasts then Millennial Beasts then Myriad Beasts then… hehehehe…"

More drool escaped its mouth which made William shake his head helplessly. He carried the Anteater inside the nest like a repellant charm for insects who might try to ambush them underneath the earth.

What the Half-Elf didn't know was that the Superior Antz had already run for the Queen's location, in fear of the Anteater who was their natural enemy.

Using the System to scan the underground domain, William headed straight to the Queen's room in order to see whether she was open to negotiation or not. The only Ant Queen that he had seen was the Myriad Ant Queen that had become Princess Sidonie's Beast Companion.  

Kasogonaga had told him along the way that Requiem Antz were very primitive creatures. Only when the Queen had evolved into a Millennial Beast, would she start to have human-like features.

After upgrading his Shepherd Job Class, William gained the ability to communicate with any beasts, including Ancient and Mythical Beasts.  

"Is it true that you can't tame the Requiem Antz Queen?" William asked the Anteater he was carrying in his arms.

"The answer is Yesn't," Kasogonaga replied. "They can be tamed, but very few are capable of doing that. Fear is one of the most effective means to make someone submit to you. However, these Antz have a very strong tolerance to fear, so not everyone can make them bow their heads in submission."

William smiled. "That is where you come in, right?"

"You are indeed smart." Kasogonaga raised its head in arrogance. "Without me, you have zero chance in making them follow your orders. You should be grateful that you have me on your side."

"Yes. I am truly blessed to have such an amazing companion by my side."

"Um, can I have one of the Queen's legs? I promise I won't eat more… maybe."

William completely ignored the gluttonous Anteater's request.. He had even silently ordered Elliot and Conan to stop Kasogonaga at all costs, if it tried to eat the Antz Queen whom he was planning to add to his King's Legion.







Chapter 721

Panicked shrieks erupted underground as William made his way towards the Queen's room.

No Antz dared to block their way in fear that they would become the Anteater's midnight snack.

Kasogonaga looked at the running critters with bloodshot eyes. Its paw would subconsciously raise from time to time in a gesture that was akin to saying "Don't run. We are your friends!"

Soon, William arrived at their destination and all the Rank B Antz gathered around their Queen. They were two-meters tall, and their features didn't make them look like Antz. They were like mutated creatures with six legs, and their appearance was largely affected by the Beast Genes that they were born with.

Some had wolf heads, boar heads, monkey heads, and other creatures that were native in the forest.  

Regardless of what they looked like, all of their legs were shaking in fear at the presence of the rainbow-colored Anteater whose drool was starting to fall down like a waterfall.

"Finally, I see you," Kasogonaga stared fixedly at the spot where the Antz made a protective defensive perimeter. It unconsciously wiped the saliva that was pooling on the side of its mouth as an infatuated expression appeared on its adorable face. "My… Precious!"

"Kreeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

The Antz Queen screeched in fear as her instincts told her that she was facing her natural predator. The Warrior Antz stood in front of her in an attempt to block William and his group, but it was to no avail.  

William stepped forward, and the sea of Antz parted to make a path for him and his group. He also activated his appraisal skill to get additional information of the unique race that had the ability to evolve by eating the flesh of other creatures.

—–

< Requiem Antz Queen >

– Queen of the Colony

– Threat Level: B (Low)

– Cannot be added to the herd.

– Requiem Antz are a unique race that flourished in the Eternal Evergarden. They are originally an inch tall, and three inches long. These Antz are called the first generation Antz. In time, they ceased to exist and were replaced by stronger variants that the Queen had given birth to a few years later.

– Among the beasts that have the ability to evolve, the Requiem Antz was considered to be one of the most terrifying Antz Species in existence.

– The unique feature of this Antz Species is that no matter what form they take, the Antz will still have six legs. This is the most notable feature of the Requiem Antz.  

– There was a point in time, during the Era of the Gods, where the Requiem Antz Queen had reached the rank of a Pseudo-Demigod. She had birthed hundreds of Millennial Antz during the War and threatened all lives in the world of Hestia.

– According to the rumors, this Queen Antz was personally raised by the Deity of the Sky in order to provide it with a constant supply of food. Whether this rumor was true or not, one thing was certain.

Before the Era of the Gods ended, this powerful Myriad Army disappeared from the face of the world, never to be seen again.

—–

The Requiem Antz Queen backed away until she reached the corner of the room. She screeched in fear and cried out for mercy from the Anteater that kept on calling her "My Precious."

"Don't worry, I will properly raise you… hehehe," Kasogonaga tried to coax the terrified Queen Antz as she desperately called for her soldiers to protect her.  

However, the soldier Antz stood rooted in their place like trees that were shaking their bodies as if they were having an epileptic seizure.

"Can you understand me?" William asked the Queen Antz directly with a smile.

The Antz Queen replied to William's question, and her reply made the Half-Elf secretly give Kasogonaga a thumbs up in his heart.

"Skreee! Skreeeee!" ( Don't eat! Don't taste good! )

"Don't worry. I won't let him eat you. I just want to ask you a few things."

"Skreee? Skreee?" ( Don't Eat? What Ask? )

William asked the Queen if she planned to invade the Human Outpost, and the latter admitted that she had indeed planned an invasion. William asked several more questions, and the Queen answered them honestly, in fear that if she lied, the Anteater in William's arms would jump at her and eat her without fail.

The Half-Elf rubbed his chin. He was quite impressed by the Queen's dedication to evolve her race to a higher specie. Right now, the Antz Queen was a B Rank Creature. Several years ago, this was a creature that would pose a great threat to William.

Now, he could easily end her life whenever he wanted to. But, that was not his purpose for coming to the Antz Nest. Just like the Elves, he understood the potential of the Requiem Antz.  

This was why he wanted to integrate them to his King's Legion because their upgrade was very easy to accommodate. The Dungeon of Atlantis was filled with high-level creatures that could serve as the Requiem Antz Queen's food.  

On the floor that William frequently explored, Centennial and Millennial Beasts were everywhere. If he could feed the flesh of these Beasts to the Queen, he would have a powerful army that numbered in the millions.

It was not only Kasogonaga who was starting to drool, William was drooling as well as he looked at the Queen whose mouth was starting to froth.

"MY precious…"

"Yes. She is our precious…"

The Queen Ant looked at the two drooling devils in despair. She had been feeling very happy as of late because the evolution of her kind was going at a very rapid pace. However, right now, she felt that her ambition was about to end.

She could only surrender her fate to the whims of the two creatures, whose presence made the entire nest, that had the potential to move unhindered in the world, tremble in fear.

"I will give you two choices," William said as he wiped the drool on his lips. "Swear your loyalty to me, and you will be spared.. Or, refuse and become this Anteater's food. So, My Precious, which one will you choose?"







Chapter 722

The night on Antilia Island was usually filled with the sound of nightlife creatures. However, on this particular night, it was eerily quiet.

Jophiel frowned while sitting on his balcony. He was sharpening his sword, and preparing for the possible conflicts that would arise before the ships from the academy arrived on the island. Right now, the Antz didn't pose any immediate threats because their strength was still below the power of the people in the outpost.  

After a high-level meeting in the academy, the Headmaster had finally decided to evacuate all the people in the outpost, and relocate them to a new island that had been prepared for their arrival. All he needed to do was to ensure that no unforeseen events would happen, and the outpost remained safe from a possible Antz invasion.

Jophiel assumed that William and the rest were already asleep in their rooms, because he could not see any lights coming through their windows. He didn't find it strange because they had just arrived on the island, and the information about the Class S Mission had been delivered late in the afternoon.

The Head Examiner believed that William would not be stupid enough to venture inside the forest in the middle of the night to try to finish the mission that was given to him, in order to pass the exam.

'I'll accompany them on stroll around the island tomorrow,' Jophiel thought. 'Seriously, what can that boy do in a short amount of time?'

—–

"All of you are doing great. That's how you do it," William praised the Antz that were entering the portal to the Thousand Beast Domain in an orderly manner.  

The bodies of the Antz were shivering, not from the cold, but from the hungry-filled gaze that was being shot in their direction by a certain rainbow-colored Anteater. In order to prevent any mishaps, William held Kasogonaga in a vice-grip and was ready to stop it from having a late-night snack.

Due to the Queen Antz imperial order, all the Antz in the island returned to the nest. The Queen had chosen to submit to William, and the latter immediately gave her the order to start a migration to his Thousand Beast Domain.

Three hours later, Millions of Requiem Antz had safely entered the Thousand Beast Domain. In order to accommodate the new members of his legion, William spent a million God Points in order to increase the size of his domain, and allow the Antz to build their Ant Nest.

He made sure that the territory of the Antz were far away from the local beasts that had long treated the domain as their own. Although they were now all on the same side, William believed that it would still take some time before he could educate the Antz and curb their mindset of treating any race, aside from their own, as enemies and food.

"Do you want me to give you a name?" William asked the Antz Queen that had successfully relocated to her new home.

The Queen eyed William as if pondering this question seriously. She had never thought of acquiring a name in the past, because she had no need for one.  

While the Queen was pondering whether or not she should accept William's proposal, the Anteater nestled in William's arms decided to voice out its opinion.

"I named the Queen I raised in the past as Queenie," Kasogonaga commented. "How about we name her Queenie II? Then we will name the Queen after her, Queenie III."

The Antz Queen then started to wail after hearing Kasogonaga's words. The Anteater had already decided to raise another Queen after her, which made her despair.  

Clearly, Kasogonaga only intended to fatten her up before going in for the kill.

"Don't believe this Anteater," William said as he lightly tapped Kasogonaga's head. "He is just joking!"

"But, I'm not?"

"Zip it!"

The Queen cried bitterly as William and Kasogonaga had a verbal agreement in front of her. Out of consideration for his new ally, William decided to leave the nest after giving the Queen some strict orders.

The first order was that they were not allowed to hunt any of the Beasts that were inside the Thousand Beast Domain. The Antz had just arrived, so the other creatures inside the Thousand Beast Domain was still food in their eyes.  

The Second Order was that they would not attack, or provoke, any of William's Herd or Legion inside the Dungeon of Atlantis.

After giving those two orders, William left to create a gateway, half a kilometer away from the nest, which was connected to the Dungeon of Atlantis. He already told the Queen that she could send her warriors to scout the area, and hunt the creatures that were appropriate for their current rank.

When everything was settled, William returned to his room using Soleil and summoned Zhu, Sha, and Kenneth.  

He had already made Zhu and Sha part of his King's Legion because this was what they wanted.

Kenneth, on the other hand, promised to not tell anyone of William's secret. He was even thankful that William was able to trust him enough, to show one of his Trump Cards that only a selected few were aware of.

When William asked the silver-haired Elf if he wanted to become a temporary member of his King's Legion, Kenneth agreed. This allowed William to summon him just like Zhu and Sha, and the rest of his King's Legion.  

"Return to your rooms," William said with a smirk. "I'm sure that when morning comes, Jophiel will definitely lose his composure."

Zhu, Sha, and Kenneth nodded their heads in agreement. They were also looking forward to how the Head Examiner would react, after he found out that the Class S Threat on the island was nowhere to be found.

—–

A few hours later…

"Did all of you get a good night's sleep?" Jophiel asked in an amicable manner as he greeted everyone in the dining area. "The island doesn't have much to offer, but I hope that your accommodations were comfortable enough."

William smiled as he sat on the chair beside Jophiel. "I slept well last night. Thank you for the hospitality, Sir Jophiel."

Zhu, Sha, and Kenneth, also said similar statements as they, too, sat to have breakfast.

"Are you ready to tackle the issue at hand?" Jophiel asked. "Don't worry. I will be your tour guide today and ensure your safety. Not that you need it, knowing how capable you are, William."

William didn't answer and simply nodded his head. He then started to eat in order to hide the smirk that was threatening to spread on his face.  

Jophiel didn't see anything out of place and ate in peace. There would be plenty of time to ask William about his experiences in the Tower of Babylon, after they toured around the island.

An hour later, their group finally set out.

Aside from Jophiel, there were six more men that accompanied William and his group. All of them were Adamantium Ranked fighters, which were strong enough to fight against most of the threats present in the island.

As the group ventured deeper into the forest, a sense of uneasiness spread across Jophiel's face. The forest was quite lively, and the roars and cries of beasts could be heard everywhere. However, the target of their patrol was nowhere to be found.

The Hunters that Jophiel had brought with him were also looking around in confusion. They were already in the middle area of the forest, but not a single Requiem Antz could be seen.  

Only the regular Flora and Fauna was around, which made them feel that something wasn't right.

William, and his group, on the other hand, acted like tourists on a Field Trip. They looked at the Beasts that were present in the forest with great curiosity. Some of them were quite foreign to the Half-Elf.  

He was even tempted to bring a few of them to his domain, so that they could breed and reproduce.

After walking for several hours, Jophiel finally realized that something was terribly wrong and raised his hand in a stopping gesture.

"Wait," Jophiel ordered. "I will scout ahead first, and see if there are any dangerous creatures in front of us. All of you stay here and wait for my return."

William nodded. "Understood."  

Jophiel's subordinates also nodded their heads. They had been briefed beforehand to keep their eyes on William and his entourage.  

The Half-Elf and his companions were VIP guests, so they were their top priority.

William watched Jophiel's back disappear in the distance. A smug smile appeared on his face when he noticed that the Head Examiner was headed straight to the location of the Requiem Antz nest.  

'Sorry, Sir Jophiel and thank you,' William mused. 'Because of you, I have acquired a replacement for the Undead Legion that left with Malacai. Don't worry. I promise that I will properly raise them in your place.'

When Malacai took the Undying Lands with him, William's army had dwindled considerably. Although he had acquired over a million Goblins from the Floor of Genesis, the number of Beasts under his command was almost two million.  

In the past, William might have been very happy with what he currently had.

However, after taking part in the battle of the Southern Continent, he realized that numbers also played an important role in wars.

The appearance of the Requiem Antz not only brought him quantity, they made up for quality as well.. As soon as they succeeded in their "Queen Raising Plan", William would soon have a million strong army, whose weakest member was that of the Centennial Rank.







Chapter 723

Jophiel's frown deepened as he neared the Requiem Antz Nest.  

This was the headquarters of the Antz Colony, and he was expecting to see thousands of them scurrying around their territory hunting for food.

The only thing he saw were the footprints left by the Antz on the ground. Jophiel was also an experienced Hunter, so he was able to tell that the tracks were just several hours old. This made him sigh in relief because this meant that the Antz were still around, at least, according to his assumption.

'The tracks all lead towards their nest,' Jophiel thought. 'Did something happen to the Queen?'

Jophiel shook his head and dispelled the idea. Right now, the Requiem Antz were in a stable path of development. Even if something happened to the Queen, another Queen would take its place, so there was nothing to worry about.  

'I should take a look at their nest first,' Jophiel mused. 'There is no way that Millions of Antz could possibly disappear overnight.'

This was what Jophiel told himself in order to calm his senses. He wasted no time and followed the trail that the Antz had left behind. The Head Examiner was certain that once he arrived at the Antz Colony, all of his worries would disappear completely.  

However, after he arrived at the entrance of the nest, his worries once again resurfaced. The closely guarded entrance of the Colony was deserted.  

There were no guard Antz.  

No worker Antz.  

There was nothing!

Jophiel gritted his teeth as he decided to enter the entrance of the Colony. He activated his powerful senses to seek any form of life, as he traversed the underground maze.

'How can this be?!' Jophiel was alarmed after discovering that he couldn't' detect any signs of life. It was as if the entire Antz Colony had disappeared into thin air!

'This is impossible!' Jophiel frantically sped up his descent in order to look for the Queen's Room. Although they had no information about where it was located, his exceptional Hunting Skills allowed him to follow the Worker Antz trails, which would eventually lead him to the Antz Nursery.

This was where the Queen spent most of her time, birthing the eggs for the Colony.  

Half an hour later, he finally arrived at his location. Freshly opened eggs could be seen everywhere, which meant that the Queen had still been active a few hours ago.  

The only problem was that all the trails led to the Queen's area, but of them could be seen going out.

What did this mean? It meant that all the Antz went to see their Queen, and were never seen again.

'Could this be a rare case of cannibalism?' Jophiel frowned. He held this idea for half a minute before rejecting it completely. 'No. Cannibalism cannot explain this turn of events. Even if this was true, the Queen can't possibly eat Millions of Antz in a span of a few hours. This is simply unheard of. Something must have happened here, but what?!'

After a brief internal struggle, Jophiel took out his communication crystal and immediately informed the Headmaster of Hestia Academy about his discovery and theories as to what might have happened. The Requiem Antz was a dangerous species. If they had suddenly disappeared, it could only mean one thing.

They went someplace else!

The Headmaster was alarmed when he heard Jophiel's report. He immediately ordered the Head Examiner to take all the hunters and scour the entire island. They must find the Antz no matter what because they posed a serious threat to the world if left to their own devices.

One of the Hunters, who was tasked to watch over William's group, received an emergency order from Jophiel. He had tasked them to escort the Half-Elf and his group back to the outpost, before returning to the forest to meet up with him.  

The Hunter found this order strange, but he still decided to carry it out since Jophiel was his superior.

"The Head Examiner told us to escort you back to the outpost," The Hunter said to William. "I hope that you and the rest will cooperate with us and not cause us unneeded trouble."

William nodded his head, but still decided to ask a question.

"Did something happen?" William asked. He knew from the call that Jophiel had discovered that the Requiem Antz had disappeared, but he still decided to play his part and act like he was unaware of what was happening in the forest.

"Nothing of importance," the Hunter replied. "Please cooperate with us. Let's go back."

William nodded and decided to not make a scene. He had already done his part, so making things difficult for the Hunters would only make them have a bad impression of him.

The Half-Elf knew that the Head Examiner would suspect him, but he was confident that the disappearance of the Antz would not be traced back to him. After all, how could a single person hide over a Million Antz inside his pocket?

They were also living creatures, so it was impossible to store them inside storage rings.

After arriving back at the outpost, William and the others obediently returned to their quarters. Two of the Hunters remained to watch over them, while the rest headed out to the forest to meet with Jophiel.

—–

William sipped his tea in a leisurely manner as he calmly waited for Jophiel's investigation to end.  

Zhu, Sha, and Kenneth, joined him for an afternoon snack, but of them discussed anything related to the Requiem Antz.

William had already discreetly informed them that they might be being monitored, so they just chatted about random things that had no importance whatsoever.

Meanwhile inside the Forest…

"This is absurd!" one of the Hunters exclaimed. "They were still here when I returned to the outpost yesterday. Everything was normal and they showed no sign of a migration or anything!"

"Calm down. Maybe they are still somewhere on the island," another hunter commented. "Requiem Antz don't grow wings. Even if they did, we would have heard the rustling of wings last night, since there are millions of them."

The Hunters calmed down a bit after this discussion. It was a known fact that the Requiem Antz couldn't evolve into flying creatures. Unlike normal Ant Species that grew wings in order to mate and start their own colonies, Requiem Antz were land dwellers.  

There could only exist one Queen at a time in a colony and, until she died, no Queen would emerge from her brood.

Jophiel half-listened to their discussion because he was reading the information that the academy had gathered about the Requiem Antz.  

He had read the document twice, but matched the circumstances that they had right now. In the end, he decided to scout the island and search for any signs of the Antz. He was still hoping that the Antz had just migrated somewhere else on the island.

"Let's split into three groups," Jophiel ordered. "Marlo, your group will go to the West. Carl, your group will go to the East. I will head to the North. If any of you find the Antz, notify me at once. Even a single member of the colony is fine. Do I make myself clear?"

""Yes Sir!""

The Head Examiner and the Hunters looked for the Antz until morning, but their search brought no results.  

After receiving the least news from Jophiel, the Headmaster of the Academy finally decided to go to Antilia Island personally to investigate.. This matter was of great importance to the academy, and he would do his best to get into the bottom of things, even if he had to turn the island upside down.  







Chapter 724

William and his group had already been on the island for three days.

Jophiel had no time to look for him because he had been busy dealing with the disappearance of the Requiem Antz.  

They had already searched the entire island, but their efforts bore no fruit. In the end, they all decided to wait for the Headmaster of the Academy to arrive. They had already done their best, and there was no use sending more people out on a wild goose chase.

Finally, the Headmaster of Hestia Academy arrived, riding a Red Dragon that was over ten meters long.  

His white, short, hair hung awkwardly over a furrowed, solemn face. His gentle hazel eyes were set seductively within their sockets.

Although he was old, his skin was still fair, and handsomely complimented his eyes and cheekbones.

This was Byron Massingale, the Headmaster of Hestia Academy.  

William's eyes widened in shock when his gaze landed on the man that sat at the helm of the most prestigious academy of the world. William had seen many powerful men before, but Byron was different.

The Headmaster was practically brimming with power. It was so strong that it made the air fluctuate as he walked towards Jophiel's and William's direction.

William was very tempted to use his God Points to appraise the Headmaster's stats. However, he immediately changed his mind after Optimus informed him that it would cost him a million God Points just to check the Headmaster's information.

< For some reason, that person seems to be protected by some kind of Law. This is another reason as to why it will take that many God Points to appraise his information. If I were to make a hypothesis, this person is in a contract with a God, and it is not an ordinary God, but a very powerful one. >

William's eyes narrowed. Even without the appraising skill, he could tell that the person in front of him wasn't a pure-blooded Human.  

'His power fluctuations are similar to Vlad,' William thought. 'Could this person possibly be a Demigod?'

The Half-Elf felt that his guess was on the mark, but without spending his God Points, he would not be able to confirm anything. After a brief internal struggle, William decided not to use his God Points.

He would rather use them to enhance his Thousand Beast Domain, and make the lives of the creatures under his command able to live more comfortable lives.

"So, you are William," Byron said. "I've heard many things about you."

William smiled, "And, I have not heard many things about you."

Byron chuckled and placed his hand on William's shoulder.

"Tell me, young man, are you the one who took the Requiem Antz away from this island?" Byron asked. His gaze locked on William's light-green eyes as if he was looking straight into the Half-Elf's soul.

William shook his head, "No. I haven't even seen them."

"Is that so?"

"Is that the reason why I'm stuck on this island? I've been inside the Outpost ever since I arrived on the island. If you don't believe me, you can ask Sir Jophiel."

Jophiel, who was standing beside William, nodded his head in acknowledgement.

"William did not step out of the outpost on the night the Antz disappeared from their nest," Jophiel stated. "He has been well behaved and obediently followed the protocols we set inside the Outpost since the incident."

William stayed silent and acted as an innocent bystander. He had known long ago that Demigods could tell if a person was lying. Because of this, he, and Optimus had already set up a countermeasure that would prevent anyone from seeing through William's poker face.

Byron stared at Jophiel for half a minute before shifting his gaze back to William.  

"How tall were the Antz?" Byron inquired. "Did you see their Queen?"

As Byron asked his questions, William felt himself falling into a daze. Some kind of energy was passing through the Headmaster's hand that was resting on the Half-Elf's shoulder, making him feel muddled.

—–

< Detecting Befuddlement Spell >

< Initiating countermeasures… >

< Countermeasures success! >

< Befuddlement resisted! >

—-

'This old bastard!' William cursed internally as his jumbled thoughts finally merged together.  

He unconsciously unleashed the Power of his Einherjar Job Class and pushed Byron away with a hateful gaze.

William's hair turned silver as Stormcaller and Soleil materialized in front of him. Although he didn't want to use the power of his Job Class because there was a chance of losing the memories of his past life, he would not allow anyone to have their way with him without his permission!

"Quite a hot-blooded young man. I'm just asking questions," Byron said with a calm expression on his face. "Why are you resorting to violence?"

William sneered, "You should already know the answer to that question, you Old F*cker!"

Jophiel and the Hunters looked at Wiliam with a dumbfounded expression. Byron was admired and respected by all the rulers and patriarchs on the Central Continent. They would do their best to form a good relationship with him and treat him politely.

This was the first time that they had seen someone who dared to curse the Headmaster to his face, and it made them feel like William was being suicidal.

Byron sighed as he summoned his magic staff. "You know, only Chloee can talk to me like you did in the academy. I'm only asking questions about the Requiem Antz. Why are you being defensive? Do you have something to hide?"

"Yes, I have something to hide," William replied. "I have many secrets, and some of them are enough to make an old bastard like you regret that you ever dared to use a befuddlement spell on me!"

Zhu's, Sha's, and Kenneth's expressions became serious. They knew that William was not someone who would openly become hostile with someone, unless the other party did something to him.

Now that they heard that Byron used a befuddlement spell on him, all of them summoned their weapons and stood beside William. They would definitely support him in his fight against the Headmaster of Hestia Academy who was bullying a child.

Even Jophiel who was standing on the side felt awkward. A befuddlement spell was something that made its target lose their train of thought and scattered their reasoning. This was a spell that breached a person's privacy, and was only used during interrogations.

Although the Requiem Antz issue was important to the academy, he also felt that Byron's action was out of line.

If word got out that Byron attempted to use a spell to interrogate one of the examinees who was taking the Entrance Exam, the reputation of their academy would take a hit.  

This in turn might have a negative effect on the future applicants who might become disillusioned by the Headmaster's way of doing things.

Some of the people that had come to see the Headmaster started whispering to each other. They were all refugees and outcasts that had sought the aid of the Academy in order to find a safe place to live.

They fled from their homeland because of abuse and suppression. The last thing they wanted to see was the Headmaster of the Academy doing this kind of thing to a teenager.

If he could do it to William, didn't that mean that Byron could do the same to them as well?

Seeing that things were getting out of hand, Jophiel decided to step in.. The last thing he wanted to see was people losing faith in the academy, where he had served for almost half of his lifetime.  







Chapter 725

"Sir, I can attest that the boy is innocent," Jophiel said as he stood between William and Byron. "He couldn't possibly be behind this incident, right, William?"

William snorted. He felt guilty because Jophiel was standing up for him because the Head Examiner thought that he was innocent, when in truth he was not.  

In order to hide his guilt, he decided to act tough and show his displeasure instead.  

"This is what I like about you, Jophiel." Byron nodded in appreciation. "You are not afraid to protect those whom you think are innocent, but in this case, you are standing on the wrong side, my friend. This boy isn't as guilt-free as you think he is. Isn't that right, William?"

"Don't act chummy with me," William replied with contempt. "Are we close? If you want to fight, let's fight!"

"I wonder where that confidence of yours is coming from."

"Well, you are very close to finding that out. However, are you prepared for the consequences?"

The Half-Elf and the Headmaster of the academy stared at each other, completely ignoring Jophiel who was standing between them.

The Head Examiner felt awkward because the two were treating him like air. He didn't know what to do, and the spectators felt sorry for him.

The Half-Elf looked at the Headmaster with fearless eyes. Byron might be strong, but William wasn't afraid of him.

He could summon Sun Wukong and let the Monkey King descend from the Celestial Realm and whack Byron to oblivion.  

There was only one person whom William feared fighting one-on-one in the World of Hestia, and that was his one and only Sixth Master, Chloee.  

After experiencing her might, the red-headed teenager was certain that even a Demigod would eat a tremendous loss.

No matter how strong Byron was, his threat would not amount to the threat Chloee could unleash with a full-powered Overwhelming Strike.

"Hah! What are you two fools doing?"  

A familiar voice called out from above, which made William, and Byron, shift their attention away from the other. There, they saw a little fairy who was looking at them with sparkling eyes.

"Are you two planning to fight?" Chloee asked with a big grin on her face. "Why didn't you call for me? I like fighting the most! Um, Old Man, you are fighting against my Disciple. Although two against one is against the rules, I will stand on my Disciples side. Come on. Let's fight!"

Chloee hovered between William and Byron with a very eager expression on her face. She couldn't wait to start the battle and start smashing things with her fist.

Byron coughed awkwardly after seeing the little familiar who was looking at him with undisguised expectations.

Just like William, Byron was quite afraid of Chloee because her strength was off the charts. There had been a time when he had received the violent girl's powerful punch, and it almost made him cross over into the afterlife.

If not for the life-saving artifact that he possessed, someone else would be managing Hestia Academy instead of him.

"This is just a misunderstanding, Chloee," Byron cleared his throat as he un-summoned his magic staff. "We are just chatting casually, right William?"

William ignored the Headmaster's words and shamelessly complained to his Sixth Master.

"Sixth Master, the Headmaster is bullying me," William said with a face filled with injustice. "I don't mind answering his questions, but he used a Befuddlement Spell on me. Sixth Master, your Disciple is being treated unjustly. Please, seek Justice on my behalf."

Chloee glared at Byron and raised her little fist in anger.

"You Old Coot, you dare to bully my Disciple?! Wait till I return to the academy, I will smash all of your collections!" Chloee shouted hatefully, while William fanned the flames from the side.  

"Chloee, this is a misunderstanding. Do you remember that super deluxe, ice cream that is sold in a limited number in the cafeteria? I will reserve two pieces for you everyday for a week if we can forget about this matter."

Byron wouldn't want to fight Chloee again in his lifetime because the pro-violent familiar was a cheat. Aside from her ability to break the laws of the world, her punch could literally blow up a mountain.  

Faced with these two combinations, Byron knew that his chances of surviving a battle with Chloee were non-existent.

Only William, who had the same law-breaking skill, could match her in a head-on confrontation.  

The little fairy wavered because she could only get one serving of the limited, super deluxe, ice cream every month. This was one of the most popular desserts in the academy, and only ten people could eat it everyday.

"I see, so this is just a misunderstanding," Chloee chuckled. "Since that is the case, there's no need to fight. Violence is not the answer. Can we all get along as friends and walk hand in hand for the greater good?"

The corner of William's lips twitched when he realized that his Sixth Master had been bribed by a mere ice cream. However, he didn't force the issue.  

Right now, he needed to be listed on the rolls of Hestia Academy to finish Aamon's last trial. The last thing he wanted to do was to have a falling out with the Headmaster, who was the head of the very academy that he was planning to enter.

Still, he made a mental note about Chloee's weakness. He didn't know how delicious the ice cream of the Academy's Cafeteria was, but he doubted that it could beat the desserts that he could buy in the God Shop.

In the future, he planned to let his Sixth Master taste the sweets in his arsenal. That way, he could bribe her to help him do things inside the academy that he would not be able to do as a student.

Byron glanced at William one last time before making a gesture for Jophiel to follow behind him. They still had things to talk about and do a final sweep on the island, to ensure that not a single Antz was left.  

Although Byron didn't detect any lies from William when he answered his question, his instinct told him that the Half-Elf was lying. That was also why he decided to use the Befuddlement Spell to get past William's defenses.

Unfortunately, the red-headed teenager was able to resist his spell and even decided to confront him openly. This made Byron more suspicious, so he deemed it would be best to fight the boy and ask him again after William was defeated.

Chloee's appearance put all of his plans into a complete halt. With this, he could no longer target the boy, unless he wanted to risk facing the little Familiar's wrath.  

For the time being, Byron decided to put this issue aside. With the Requiem Antz' disappearance from the island, there was no need to evacuate the people living there.

Two days later, the ship carrying William and his entourage sailed towards the Island where his lovers, and Celeste, were waiting for him.  

This was how William's entrance exam ended, having finally received Jophiel's, and the Headmaster's, approval to enter Hestia Academy.







Chapter 726

"Sixth Master, I was wondering, how did you arrive on Antilia Island?" William asked. He could already see the island where they would dock shortly, so he decided to ask this question while the others were busy doing their own business.

"How? I flew of course," Chloee answered matter of factly. "Don't you know? I mostly deliver stuff from the academy to Antilia Island. I can fly to it with my eyes closed! This is one of the easiest tasks there is to gain Merit Points in the academy."

The little fairy patted her chest with confidence.

William looked at her with a doubtful expression, but the fact still remained that the little fairy had appeared at a good time.  

"Anyway, you don't have to worry about these things," Chloee waved her hand as if what she did wasn't a big deal. "Since you've passed the exam, you are now an official student of the academy. Congratulations! As expected of my disciple, Yay! High Five!"

William subconsciously raised his hand and high-fived Chloee, only to regret it later. A loud clapping sound, followed by a pained cry reverberated on the ship.  

The Half-Elf had completely forgotten how strong Chloee was, and the latter was in an excited state of mind. Fortunately, of his bones were broken, but his hand and arm hurt like hell.

Using his Life Mage Job Class, William used a healing spell on his hand and arm.  

"Sixth Master, can't you do things in moderation?"

"Modedetion?"

William sighed in his heart. He had completely forgotten that the word moderation didn't apply to the little Fairy who was looking at him with an awkward look on her face.

"R-Relax. Isn't it just a little sprain?" Chloee patted William's shoulder softly.

This time, she only used a light tap because she was afraid that she would break William's bones if she did it too strongly.

"You know what they say. What doesn't kill you, will kill you another day!" Chloee imparted these words of wisdom before flying to the main mast of the ship. She had always liked being in high places, so she could feel the breeze brush past her small body.

More than anything else, Chloee liked freedom. Perhaps, this was a trait that Celeste had wanted to achieve, but was unable to do so.

This strong desire of freedom manifested in Chloee, which made the little Juggernaut open to traveling long distances when given the opportunity.

She didn't tell William that she went to Antilia Island because she was worried about him. This was the first time she had a Disciple, so she planned to take this role seriously. When she saw that William and Byron was about to start a fight, she readily joined the fray and even chose William's side.

"Being a Master isn't easy," Chloee muttered as she stared at the island that was getting closer and closer. "Maybe I can ask Claire for tips later. She's smarter than me when it comes to these things."

After finding a solution to her predicament, the little fairy sat on the mast and hummed a song. She believed that as long as Claire gave her the answers, she would be able to become a good Master and treat her disciple well in Hestia Academy.

—-

Half an hour later, the ship finally docked at the Port of Dream Isle.  

The First Founder of Hestia Academy gave this name to the island, because this was the place where the dreams of those who aspired to enroll at the academy would take shape.  

Only those that had passed their Entrance Exam would be able to set foot on this island, and for most, this was a dream come true.  

William saw Princess Sidonie, Ian, and Chiffon, waving at him from the shore. The Half-Elf grinned and flew from the ship to where they were waiting for him.  

"Eyah!"  

A shout filled with happiness reached William's ears, and he felt something land on his head. A few seconds later, he heard Chloee's giggle, as she sat on the Half-Elf's head, using him as a mount to reach the island.

William could only sigh in his heart as he flew towards his destination.

Celeste covered her lips when she saw the funny scene of her familiar waving at her from William's head. With a glance, the beautiful Elf could tell that Chloee was in a good mood.

She just hoped that the little familiar didn't break anything on Antilia Island, or else it would be deducted from her pay at the academy.

"I'm back," William said as he landed in front of his three wives. "Miss me?"

Instead of answering his question, the three ladies gave him a hug and kissed his cheeks.  

Seeing this public display of affection made Celeste frown because she suddenly remembered that she had branded the Half-Elf as a womanizer.

"Don't they look good together?" Claire, who was seated on her shoulder, asked casually. "It seems that he is well-loved by his women."

Celeste didn't say anything, but she had reaffirmed her goal to educate William on the importance of loyalty to a relationship. While doing so, she would also tell him about her sister's strong points.  

The beautiful Elf would ensure to showcase all of Celine's good qualities, so that William wouldn't forget about her.

"Congratulations, William," Celeste said as he walked towards the Half-Elf who was having an intimate moment with the three beauties around him.  

"Thank you, Professor," William replied. "When are we going to leave for the academy?"

"You're quite excited, aren't you?"

"Well, it is my last academy arc after all."

"Y-Your what?"

William chuckled when he saw the confused look on Celeste's face. This was one of the differences between Celeste and her sister. Unlike Celeste that got flustered easily, Celine was more confident in what she did.

Even if William teased his Master, Celine, the latter would just ignore his nonsense, and beat the crap out of him when they were training. Seeing Celeste's reaction, while having his Master's face, made William feel weird.

'Maybe I can try making Master act flustered as well when we meet,' William mused. 'I'm sure that she would look incredibly cute, just like Celeste.'

"Tell me, what kind of Exam did Sir Jophiel make you take?" Celeste asked in order to hide her earlier blunder. Even though she was a professor, she wasn't aware of the details when it came to the types of challenges that the examinees took during the Entrance Exam.

"It had something to do with Antz," William replied and briefly explained what happened to Celeste.  

Princess Sidonie, Ian, and Chiffon listened from the side and exchanged glances at each other. Before going to the Dream Isle, William had already notified Ashe, through their connection, about the things that he did in Antilia Island.

He told her that he should notify Princess Sidonie about it, because he was curious about how the Ant Queens could interact with one another. Also, he wanted to know if Princess Sidonie's Beast Companion was aware of the Requiem Antz existence.

The Half-Elf was wondering if either of the Queens would act hostile when they met each other with their subordinates behind them. Although some Ant Colonies would immediately resort to war upon contact, there were others Ant species who merged their forces together to create a super Ant colony.

Princess Sidonie had received the Answer from her Beast Companion, and the answer was that it was possible to form a cooperation between the two Queens, on the condition that the Requiem Antz Queen would also form a contract with a person.

Only when the two Queens were bound would a non-aggression treaty be possible.

This news made William quite happy. However, one problem appeared. He didn't have any candidates that could form a contract with the Antz Queen that he and Kasogonaga were planning to raise together.

In the end, William decided to think about this problem more after he had entered the academy and started his formal education.

"I see." Celeste nodded. She was aware of the existence of the Requiem Antz, but she didn't think too much about it.

Those who had passed the exam earlier, were getting a bit impatient because they had already been waiting on Dream Isle for days. The staff members that were assigned to look after them had stated that they would remain on the island until the Head Examiner, Jophiel, had arrived.

Fortunately, the Head Examiner accompanied William to Dream Isle as well. Although there were many mishaps involved, it was now time to go to the academy.

William thought that they would be traveling to the academy by ship, but Jophiel surprised him and the rest of the examinees, when he took everyone to a secluded grove where a Teleportation Gate was located.

"This teleportation gate is a one way teleportation gate," Jophiel explained. "This will send you to the capital city of Orion, where Hestia Academy is located. Once again, Congratulations on passing the exam. I pray that all of you will become outstanding students, and contribute to the well-being of society."

The Head Examiner then looked at Celeste and gave her a brief nod. "Professor, I will let you guide the students to the academy. I'm sure that they are dying to get there. They've already waited long enough."

Celine smiled and nodded her head. "Understood."

The beautiful Elf then walked towards the base of the teleportation gate and faced the examinees who had dwindled down to twenty-three people, including William.

"Passing the entrance exam is only the beginning," Celeste declared with a serious expression as she scanned the crowd, whose eyes were filled with determination.  

The Teleportation Gate behind the beautiful Elf came to life and a dazzling portal appeared at its center.

"Come," Celeste said in a challenging tone.. "The start of your new journey begins today."







Chapter 727

Back on Antilia Island…

Byron stood at the center of the nursery area where the Requiem Antz Queen used to lay her eggs. He had decided to get into the bottom of things, and use his powers to unearth what had truly happened a few hours before the Requiem Antz disappeared from the island.  

The Headmaster of the academy chanted a litany of words as the staff in his hands glowed with power. The air fluctuated as runic words embedded themselves at the walls of the cavern.  

After finishing his incantation, he tapped the ground with his staff and several images appeared around him.

He used Time Magic and recreated the scenes that had transpired inside the nest several hours ago.

"I knew it." Byron snorted when he saw the Half-Elf and his companions talking to the Queen of the Colony.  

He watched the scene as they unfolded, and although the recreated scenes couldn't produce any sounds, he was still able to read the Half-Elf's lips and get a gist of what was happening.

A frown appeared on Byron's face when he realized that the Queen, and the other Antz were deathly afraid of the Beast that was nestled in William's arms.  

"A Pangolin?" Byron muttered as he observed the creature up close. He had seen several of these Scaly Anteaters, but he had never seen one with scales that had the colors of the rainbow.

Byron's frown deepened when he saw William open a portal and ordered the Queen to send her subordinates inside it.

The Headmaster of the Academy watched for a little while longer, before he waved his hand to dispel the power of the spell.  

"I knew it," Byron shook his head helplessly. "He's just like his grandfather. Both of them are bandits pretending to be saints."

Byron closed his eyes and pondered. He was thinking of a way to resolve this issue as peacefully as possible.

"Jophiel shouldn't have brought him to the island." Byron sighed. "I was also stupid for agreeing to his decision. We invited a fox inside our chicken coop."

The lighting on the cave disappeared, and Byron was engulfed in darkness. He decided to return to the academy, and discuss the matters with his Patron. Perhaps, the Goddess of the World would give him some advice on how to deal with the presumptuous Half-Elf, who was giving him a bad headache.

—–

"So, this is Hestia Academy," William eyed the gigantic castle in the distance.  

William had seen many amazing things in the world, just like the Fortress of Avalon, but Hestia Academy even trumped the last bastion of humanity.

Built on top of a floating island, it was a floating fortress that was several miles long. Perhaps, the most imposing landmark of the castle was the Giant Sword that was embedded at its center. Even from afar, one could see its mighty visage.

From afar, the sword looked like it was made of white marble. However, after asking Celeste about it, the beautiful Elf only smiled and said that even she, who had been in the academy for many years, didn't know what kind of material was used to build the sword.

The only thing she knew was that, before the academy was even built, the giant sword had always been there, standing tall and proud for hundreds, perhaps even thousands, of years.

"Isn't it beautiful!" Chloee floated in front of William and puffed her chest proudly. She was acting like she was the one that made the sword, which made William shake his head helplessly.

Celeste made a gesture for everyone to follow behind her.  

They had just arrived at the capital city of Orion, and it would still take half an hour to arrive at the academy gates using a special flying ship that was exclusively used by the professors and students of the academy.

"Professor Celeste, welcome back to the academy," a pretty lady wearing light-armor greeted Celeste with a smile. "Are these the lucky ones who passed the Entrance Exams that were held a few days ago?"

Celeste nodded her head and smiled. "Please, send us all to the academy."

"Understood." the pretty lady saluted and activated the crystal on her hand.

Immediately, a silver ship materialized out of thin air. It reminded William of those viking ships that he had seen in documentaries back on Earth.

"All aboard," Celeste ordered as she took the lead and boarded the ship that was floating a meter above the ground.  

All the examinees followed behind Celeste with their eyes filled with excitement. The deck of the flying ship was quite spacious, and it could easily accommodate over a hundred people.  

After everyone had boarded safely, Celeste waved her hand and the ship rose in the air. It flew straight towards the academy, and William felt a bit regretful that he didn't have a camera to take a commemorative photo of this magnificent view.

Several minutes later, the ship landed near the gate of the academy. Several students were looking at the ship with eager faces. However, after William took a good look at them, the students weren't looking at the academy's newest students, but at the beautiful Elf, who had a resigned expression on her face.

"Welcome back, Professor Celeste," a dashing young man shouted.

It was the spark that made the rest of the students cheer and call out to Celeste. Clearly, she was quite popular in the academy and her fans were not limited to boys. Even girls were looking at her with infatuated gazes.

Princess Sidonie smiled and stepped forward. She was feeling very competitive with Celeste because their Divinities were the complete opposite of each other. She wanted to show the beautiful Elf that she could easily turn her admirers into "her" admirers in the span of heartbeat.

However, before she could even enact her plan, she felt two strong arms wrap around her waist and hold her in place.

"Darling, what's wrong?" Princess Sidonie asked.

"I should be the one asking you that question, Morgana," William replied as he pulled the seductive girl to his chest. "What are you planning to do?"

"Just going to say hi to the students?"

"Uh-huh. Then why are you brimming with fighting spirit?"

Morgana smiled as she leaned her body on William's chest. "Why not? You already know that first impressions last. Don't tell me you are feeling jealous?"

"Yes, I am feeling jealous, so behave yourself. The only one that needs to look at you is me."

"… Fine."

Morgana could feel her heart melting because William had whispered these loving words in her ear. She had completely forgotten her plan to compete with Celeste for the affection of the students in the academy.

The seductress even felt ashamed of her pettiness. She was already married to William, so there was no need to compete with anyone. After thinking things through, Morgana decided to no longer antagonize Celeste.

After all, the beautiful Elf was destined to be forever alone because of her Divinity!

"Alright, show's over, now scram!" Chloee flew towards the students and raised her fist. "Anyone who is still here when I count to ten will receive a spanking. One… two… three."

The students scattered and ran away like wild ducks that had heard gunfire. All of them admired Celeste, so they were also very familiar with Chloee.

Aside from being called the Juggernaut, the students also called her the all-brawn-and-no-brains fairy. None wanted to be on the receiving end of her slaps, spanks, and punches.  

The little familiar crossed her arms over her chest and snorted. Several students were infatuated with Celeste, and her role was to be the bodyguard that scared them away. Claire also stepped into this role when Chloee was doing expedition missions for the academy, but Claire wasn't as intimidating as her twin, so most of the students ignored her presence.

Just as William entered the academy gates, he heard a ringing sound in his ears. It was not a notification from the System, but the sound of a hand-held bell that seemed to be ringing right next to him.

William looked around, and even asked Optimus if it could hear the sound of bells ringing. But, the System said that it couldn't detect any sound that matches William's description.

The Half-Elf also asked his lovers, but all of them said that they were not hearing the sound of ringing bells.

Half a minute later, the ringing sound ended and everything returned back to normal.  

William thought that he was just tired, and started to hear things, so he decided to put the weird incident at the back of his mind. He just followed behind Celeste towards the main hall where all of them would be briefed about the rules of the academy.

—–

On top of the hilt of the sword that was embedded at the center of the academy, a lady with otherworldly beauty stood. She was wearing white celestial clothes that fluttered in the breeze, and a handbell could be seen in her right hand.

She gazed at William with a calm expression on her face for two-full minutes before vanishing into particles of light.

—-

Located to the East, at the farthest corner of the academy, stood a shrine. No students were allowed to enter, and even the professors, with the exception of Celeste, and two others, were banned from entering its premises.

A sigh filled with helplessness echoed from the depths of the shrine.  

It carried a sadness that would make anyone who heard it feel as if their hearts were about to break.

——







Chapter 728

It had been two days since William's group had arrived at the academy. They had no complaints in the accommodations that had been given to them. In fact, they were given the best rooms in the boy's and girl's dormitories for some unknown reason.  

Usually, these high-quality rooms were only given to the Head Prefects of the different school years, but the higher-ups of the academy decided to bestow these privileges to William and his entourage, without batting an eye.

However, the Half-Elf had one important concern, and he voiced it when Celeste invited them to an afternoon tea in her residence.

"Professor, there must be something wrong with these arrangements. How come are we not all in the same class?" William asked Celeste who was elegantly sipping the tea made by Claire.

The beautiful Elf lowered her cup and glanced at William with a smile.  

"This is the decision of the higher-ups. There is nothing I can do about it even if you complain to me," Celeste replied.

"Who decides these things?"

"The Headmaster, of course."

William facepalmed because he finally understood why this was happening to him. Byron and him parted on bad terms, and this might be the Headmaster's payback to the Half-Elf's reaction when he was questioned back in Antilia Island.

Instead of becoming Freshmen, everyone in William's group became Third Year Students in the academy.  

Princess Sidonie, Ian, and Chiffon, were placed in Class A.

Zhu and Sha were placed in Class B, while William, Kenneth, and Lilith were placed in Class C.

William thought that he and his lovers would be in the same class, but it seems that the arrangement had been carefully planned by Byron, to prevent William's group from standing out.

In order to vent out his frustration, William drank his tea and ate the cookies that were being hand fed to him by Chiffon.

Princess Sidonie, Ian, Zhu, and Sha were also not happy with the arrangements either because they wanted to be in the same class with William. Also, Princess Sidonie and Ian knew that Lilith was gunning for their lover, so they wanted to be in the same room in order to protect him.  

Lilith had no complaints about being in the same class as William. In fact, for her, this was the most ideal scenario because she could observe the Half-Elf during class. Looking at William's lovers, the Amazon Princess decided to fan the flames in order to make the situation more chaotic.

"I don't think there's anything wrong with the arrangements," Lilith said. "We came here to Hestia Academy to study. Since that is the case, we should just enjoy our academy life to the fullest."

Princess Sidonie glared at the shameless Amazon who had openly asked for William to give her his babies. Although she, and Morgana, did the same thing in the past, she hated Lilith because she was not doing it out of love, or lust, but out of necessity.

The Princess and her twin, Morgana, didn't want others to treat their husband as a tool.  

Especially a baby making tool!

"Why don't we swap places?" Princess Sidonie offered as she smiled sweetly at Lilith. "I'm sure the higher classes will give more attention to their students. Since you are here to study, going to Class A will be more beneficial for you."

"No thanks," Lilith replied in a heartbeat. "I'm fine with Class C. I'm not some kind of privileged Princess who constantly whines if she doesn't get her way."

The two Princesses glared at each other in disdain. Both of them were members of the Seven Deadly Sins. However, they didn't get along with each other, similar to oil and water.

"Will, don't cheat on us while you're in a different class, okay?" Chiffon said as he looked up at William with eyes filled with trust.

"Of course not," William replied as he patted the pink-haired girl's forehead. "How can I possibly cheat when I have such a beautiful and caring wife like you. No matter how beautiful the girls in my class are, they couldn't possibly match your beauty."

Chiffon's smile widened as she was pulled into William's embrace. After experiencing the trials in the tower and getting married to William, the little glutton was slowly, yet surely, gaining confidence in herself.

She was starting to open up to people and socialize with others. B1, B2, Sharur, and Bacon, also played their part in making Chiffon speak more, and let her feelings be known to the world.

Even Celeste, who was unhappy about William having many wives, had nothing to say when she looked at the Half-Elf, and pink-haired girl, who were hugging each other.  

However, she would surely be displeased if the one that took the little girl's place was Princess Sidonie, whose very presence made her Divinity pulse from time to time.

—–

The next day…

"Please, introduce yourselves to everyone," a middle-aged man wearing glasses said as he made a gesture for William, Kenneth, and Lilith, to come to the podium.  

The class became excited because all three of them were good looking.  

The girls looked at William and Kenneth with starry eyes because both of them were very handsome.

Lilith, on the other hand, may not be exceptionally beautiful, but she was radiating a youthful beauty that made the men look at her with earnest gazes. The Amazon Princess was already used to being stared at by men, so she wasn't the least bothered by them as she made her introductions.

"Lilith Lynn. nice to meet all of you," Lilith said. "Just call me Lilith."

The men clapped their hands together, and some of them even whistled to show their support to their new classmate.

"Kenneth Xin Ashleigh," Kenneth introduced himself after the applause came to an end. "Feel free to call me Kenneth."

Another round of applause was heard. But, this time, the girls also joined and made the delicate looking Elf feel welcomed.

William then came forward and scanned the faces of his new classmates before introducing himself.

"William Von Ainsworth," William stated. "It's a pleasure to be in this class."

The classroom came to a standstill when William introduced himself. Soon, heavy breathing could be heard from some of the students as they stared at William in disbelief.

"Are you That William?" One of the girls asked in disbelief. "The one who conquered the 51st Floor of Babylon and whose name was announced world-wide?"

Everyone in the room was dying to ask the same question. Fortunately, someone did ask, so they focused their attention on the Half-Elf who had a calm expression on his face.

"Yes," William answered.  

A pin drop silence ensued that lasted for exactly ten seconds, before the classroom erupted into chaos.  

They were all wondering what the conqueror of the 51st Floor looked like, and they couldn't believe that the same person was in their class, and looking at them with a smug expression on his face.

"Class, behave yourselves," the middle-aged professor stepped in to calm the boys and girls who were starting to cause a ruckus. Most of them wanted to walk towards William and touch him to see if he was real or not.

The middle-aged man was also the homeroom teacher of Class C, so it was quite easy for him to calm the students who were looking at William like he was their idol.  







Chapter 729

William's face started to twitch as he found himself sitting between Kenneth and Lilith.

When his homeroom teacher, Professor Garen, asked him to choose a place to sit, the Half-Elf immediately chose the rightmost corner of the room.

Unlike the classes at the Hellan Kingdom and Silverwind Academy that had a separate desk for each student, the sitting arrangement in Hestia Academy followed the Herringbone Arrangement, where all the seats were facing the podium at the center of the class.  

Each section was meant for three people, so William had no choice, but to share his spot with others.

Since the three of them enrolled at the same time, they could only be grouped together.

William was fine sitting beside Kenneth, but Lilith gave him the chills. Although the Amazon wasn't even looking at him and paying attention to the class lecture, the Half-Elf felt that his little brother was in danger, so he decided to swap places with Kenneth to remedy the situation.

A flash of displeasure momentarily passed through the depths of Lilith's eyes, but no one was able to notice these changes.

Kenneth didn't mind changing places with William because his only purpose was to keep a close eye on him. Of course, he also knew why the Half-Elf wanted to swap places with him, but he didn't care.  

Part of him even wanted to protect his Ex-Roommate from the Amazon who intended to drag him back to her Empire.

Professor Garen's lesson was about History.  

This was the subject that had made countless students fall asleep in their seats when he was still back on Earth. However, the professor's approach in teaching his class was quite interesting, that even William, who had angered his History teacher in the past, was listening sincerely to the lecture.

"They said that during the Era of the Gods, all the races were fighting for supremacy," Gareth said with an impassioned voice. "Humans, Elves, Beastkins, Dwarves, Demons, Fairies, Giants, Dragons, Gnomes, Half-lings, and several other races waged war against each other. During this era, Humanity as a whole was the weakest race in the world.

"The battle was fierce because the Gods themselves had sent their avatars, to fight alongside the race that worshiped them. Alliances were formed and alliances were broken. However, the most notable event of all was that only one God sided with the Humans, and that was other than Hestia. The Goddess that created the world."

Garen paused as he allowed the students to digest the words he had said before continuing. The class was composed of different races, so this was a touchy subject for most professors, but Garen wasn't an ordinary professor.

He was a true academic that pursued truth, so even if he was dealing with a touchy subject, he was unfazed as he continued his lecture.

"When Humanity was on its last legs, and total annihilation was only days away from happening, several heroes stepped up to turn the tide of battle," Garen said. "The amazing thing was that these heroes who stepped up to defend Humanity were not Humans. One of them was the Deity of the Sky, Kasogonaga. They said that this Deity would descend from the sky bringing powerful storm winds, heavy rain, thunder, and lightning. Those who saw its mighty visage would tremble in fear."

Suddenly, a chuckle was heard inside the room, and all the students turned to look at William who was a second late in covering his mouth.

"I'm glad that you find my lecture very amusing, Mr. Ainsworth," Garen commented with a smile. "Can you please tell the entire class what is so funny?"

William knew he was the one in the wrong, so he stood up and bowed his head in apology.

"I'm sorry, Professor," William replied. "I was just surprised that a powerful Deity fought alongside Humans during the Era of the Gods."

"You still haven't answered my question, Mr. Ainsworth. I'm dying to know what you found funny in my lecture."

"Um…"

William was thinking very hard to come up with an excuse to answer Garen's question. The reason why he laughed was because of the Professor's passionate speech glorifying the rainbow-colored Anteater, who was currently doing its best to drag the corpses of Centennial Beasts to the Requiem Antz Colony, in order to raise their Antz Queen.

He just couldn't stop himself from chuckling as he envisioned Kasogonaga, fighting in a war against Demigods, and Gods, while shouting "I'm Rolling!" in its adorable voice.

Everyone was looking at William with pitiful gazes because Garen was notorious for punishing any student who made fun of his class.

After thinking of many scenarios in his head, William decided to use the safest method in order to get out of his predicament.

"When I was still in the Southern Continent, I had the opportunity to meet the Sky Deity," William explained. "Kasogonaga had been trapped inside a block of ice, frozen in time, and I was the one who set him free."

The students, as well as Garen, looked at William with the "Nice try" expression on their faces.  

Met the Sky Deity?

Freed him from a block of ice?

Hah! Do you really think we are gullible kids that you can trick with your sorry excuse for a story?

Pitui!

William felt helpless because he couldn't possibly summon Kasogonaga just to prove his point. So, he just stood there and allowed his classmates to snigger, and look at him in a teasing manner.

"That is a very good tale, Mr. Ainsworth." Professor Garen smiled. "If what you said is true then Humanity owes you a great favor for freeing one of our saviors."

William scratched his cheeks in embarrassment.

"Um, instead of thanking me using words, I prefer to be compensated with gold coins, precious gems, and artifacts," William said after clearing his throat. "Don't worry, I'm not too picky. Even though I saved one of the heroes of Humanity, I am not asking for much. Anything of value will do!"

Professor Garen's face twitched after hearing William's reply. He was being sarcastic earlier about thanking William for his claim of freeing the Sky Deity.

I was just joking and you were actually shameless enough to ask for compensation?

You said you were not picky but all the things you listed were all things of value.

You sure have guts!

No one knew who it was, but a chuckle was heard inside the classroom. It was the spark that ignited the flames, and the other students weren't able to stop themselves from following suit.

The men chuckled, and some even openly laughed. The girls on the other hand covered their lips and giggled.

Even Lilith's body was shaking as she did her best to stop the bubbling laughter inside her chest from escaping her lips.

In the end, Garen shook his head and decided to let William off the hook just this once. He understood that the latter had just arrived at the academy and was still adapting to his surroundings.

"Mr. Ainsworth, I'll let this incident pass this time," Garen said in a resigned manner, "but next time, you'd better come up with a better story. Although meeting the Deity of the Sky and freeing him was an interesting tale, the great historians of Hestia would frown upon such claims without solid evidence. I hope that you will not make the same mistake again in the future, Mr. Ainsworth."

William nodded his head and sat down. He applauded himself for having dealt with the situation in an amicable manner, leaving no hard feelings for him and Professor Garen.

There was only one person in the class that didn't laugh, and that was other than Kenneth. Deep inside, the silver-haired elf was shocked because of William's earlier tale.

He didn't know that the rainbow-colored Anteater whom he had seen nearly a week ago, was the same Sky Deity that Professor Garen was lecturing about.

'Just how many secrets do you have that I am not aware of?' Kenneth thought as he glanced at the red-headed teenager with a complicated expression.  

William, who felt Kenneth's gaze, glanced back at him with a smile.

"Is there something wrong with my handsome face?" William inquired.

Kenneth rolled his eyes at the shameless Half-Elf, and once again shifted his attention to the professor's lecture.  

He was not in a hurry to know more of William's secrets. They had just mended their friendship not long ago, and he didn't want to cause any misunderstandings between them.

Lilith, who was seated beside Kenneth, frowned.  

Her divinity was that of Greed, and this allowed her to sense any kind of power, treasure, or anything of importance to a person. It also gave her the power to "snatch them" if certain conditions were met.

The Amazon Princess could sense a very powerful artifact that fluctuated from time to time within Kenneth's body. But, for some reason, her Divinity couldn't find out what it was, which perplexed her.

'Well, everyone has their secrets,' Lilith pushed Kenneth's matter to the side because she didn't want to have any direct conflicts with one of her sisters, with the exception of Princess Sidonie.

There were no more mishaps, and Professor Garen was able to end his lesson's smoothly. Right after the professor left, several of the students in the class rose from their seats and went to greet William, Kenneth, and Lilith.

The three didn't shy away from their classmates and interacted with them in a friendly manner.  

William vowed that this time, he would enjoy his academy life and make lasting memories in Hestia Academy.

However, somewhere on the horizon, far away from the eyes of mortal men, enlightened creatures, and Demigods, an important event was about to take place.

An event that would make the skies of the world tremble, as a battle of great importance would be fought, in the heavens.







Chapter 730

Creation and Destruction go hand in hand.

When a life is born, another ends.

Such was the cycle of life, and even Gods were not exempt from this rule.

It was the Law that bound everyone in the Multiverse.

Within the void, a place where space and time worked together in harmony, lay the passage of worlds.

Just like how the ancient Humans on earth used land bridges to cross the continents, this was a primitive method to traverse the cosmos and arrive at a predetermined location, according to the rules that were set in place.

Right now, a raiding group, that numbered three thousand strong, traversed these ancient pathways, headed to a world that was bound for destruction.

The number of worlds that had life in the Multiverse were countless, and these raiding groups only numbered in the tens of thousands. Even so, one thing was certain. When one of these groups reached their destination, a great battle would ensue.

Once they had determined that there was a strong resistance in that world, they would send a signal to their main force, and the latter would immediately send an army that numbered in the millions.

An Army with one sole goal and that was to end the existence of all life on that planet.

The three-thousand strong raiding party finally saw their destination beyond the countless worlds within the void.

It was a beautiful blue world. A world that was filled with life, and yet, the laws of the Multiverse had deemed that it was time to snuff it out, to give way to the birth of another world.

Among those three thousand harbingers of destruction, three of them had the rank of Demigods.

A hundred of them were Pseudo-Demigods.

The remainder were all Millennial Rank at their peak. Just a step away from stepping into the Myriad Realm.  

Seeing that blue planet on the horizon, the Giants of Jotunheim and Muspelheim increased their pace. They were looking at their destination with excitement and anticipation, because they were races that were bred for war.

They were the army that had been given the task to destroy the worlds that were connected to a certain red portal in the cycle of reincarnation.  

Right now, that Army of Destruction was headed to Hestia. If they continued their journey at their current pace, they would arrive at their destination within a week's time.  

The countdown for the world's destruction had begun, and no more than five individuals were aware of the upcoming disaster that was going to befall the world that they were living in.

——

Inside the Thousand Beast Domain…

"Ruby! I'm here!"  

A rainbow-colored Anteater ran through the tunnels of the Antz Colony in haste. All the Antz that were going along the same path as Kasogonaga moved to the side in fear of offending the Anteater who, on several occasions, almost ate the Antz that it had come across on the tunnels.

Fortunately, Kasogonaga would only visit the nest after it had its fill of eating Beast Cores. However, that didn't change the fact that there was still a possibility of being eaten. In order to eliminate such risks, all the Antz would stick to the walls as close as possible, and give the rainbow-colored calamity a wide berth whenever it passed through their domain.

The Requiem Antz Queen almost choked as she ate her food when she heard the adorable, yet nightmare inducing, voice.  

Half a minute later, Kasogonaga appeared in the Queen's Cavern in a good mood.

"Here! I brought you some Class A Beasts!" Kasogonaga happily emptied all the contents of its storage bracelet, which it had received from William.

Over a hundred dead beasts were piled up like a hill in front of the Antz Queen and the latter could only shiver at the scene.  

Ruby found it hard to be happy, knowing that it was being fattened up for the slaughter. If not for the fact that Wiliam had promised to prevent Kasogonaga from eating her, the Queen might have lost all hope and committed suicide.

Due to Kasogonaga's diligent effort to feed her everyday, the Queen's body started to have a crimson luster. This was also why William decided to give her the name, Ruby.

"Eat as much as you can, so you can grow big and strong," Kasogonaga said as it rested its little paw on Ruby's foot. "That way, I can hehehe…"

Kasogonaga was finding it hard to stop the drool from pooling at the corner of its lips as it stared at the Crimson Requiem Antz Queen, who was starting to shudder in fright.  

The worker Antz that were tending the Queen were all Class A creatures. They ignored the Anteater that was making their Queen cry, and set about their work. Their job was to carefully dissect the creatures that Kasogonaga had brought to their nest, and prepare them for the Queen's consumption.

Naturally, they were also given a share of their own to eat, which had hastened their own evolutions.

As an expert in raising Ant Queens, Kasogonaga was very patient with Ruby. It knew that it could not rush things, by force feeding Ruby monsters that were above her class. Since her Rank was only Class A, she should eat Class A Beasts until she evolved into a Centennial Beast.

Only after she had become a Centennial Beast, would Kasogonaga start feeding her Centennial Beasts as well.  

According to its estimate, it would take two weeks before Ruby reached the limit of her Rank, and undergo evolution. The Crimson Requiem Antz Queen would then wrap herself in a cocoon and hibernate.  

The shortest evolution time could last a month, and the longest was half a year. Kasogonaga didn't know how long Ruby would take to finish her evolution, but it was not worried. With so many high-level creatures inside the Dungeon of Atlantis, it was only a matter of time before Ruby stepped into the Millennial and Myriad Ranks under Kasogonaga's guidance.

"I'm going back to the Dungeon," Kasogonaga patted Ruby's legs in a friendly manner. "Don't miss me too much, okay?"

Ruby's body once again shuddered after Kasogonaga's parting words. If possible, it didn't want to see the rainbow-colored Anteater for the rest of her life. Sadly, there was nowhere that she could run.  

She only hoped that William would keep his promise to keep her safe from the gluttonous Anteater's, and honor the contract that they both had signed for a subordinate and Master relationship.

——-

William sighed in happiness as he rested his head on Princess Sidonie's leg. He was currently in the garden with the beautiful princess, and the latter had agreed to give him her lap as a pillow.  

It had been three days since William had become an official student of Hestia Academy, and one could say that he was living the ideal academy life.  

He enjoyed the classes very much, and had become friends with his classmates. Aside from the fact that he wasn't in the same room as his lovers, everything was smooth sailing and he didn't have any complaints.

Of course, he still hadn't forgotten one of his goals for entering the academy, and that was to accomplish the goal that Aamon had given him. The only problem was that the girl named Shannon, was under house arrest in a shrine that was heavily guarded by the academy.

William had subtly attempted to bypass the area, but a powerful barrier prevented him from going further.  

According to Celeste, William would only be able to enter the Shrine if he got the approval from the Headmaster of the Academy, Byron.

"Sidonie, do you have any solutions to my problem?" William asked. "I don't really want to see the Headmaster. That guy is bad news."

Princess Sidonie smiled as she gently brushed William's hair, and rubbed his chest with her smooth, and delicate hands.  

"Have you tried to ask Celeste?" Princess Sidonie replied. "If it's her, the possibility of getting the clearance is high."

William sighed. "She's being uncooperative. It seems that the Headmaster has told her not to assist me in any way."

Princess Sidonie was about to say something when they heard a familiar voice asking for help.

"Save me!" Conan shouted as he flew towards William's direction.

Right behind him was a little fairy with short green hair with curls at the end, and gray eyes that were as calm as a lake. The fairy was other than Celeste's familiar, Claire. Ever since William had appeared in the academy, the little fairy would often drag Conan away for an "examination".

Elliot, on the other hand, would wander around the academy in search of Chloee, and other beautiful girls that caught his fancy. Compared to the Angelic Familiar, William's little Devil was like a protagonist that was running away from a Yandere.

Conan immediately dove inside William's uniform with the intention of using the Half-Elf as a sanctuary, to prevent himself from being harassed by the moody little fairy that liked to touch him all over.

"Claire, can you give Conan a break?" William inquired as he eyed Celeste's indifferent looking fairy who was looking at the bulge in William's uniform.  

"Break? I give him plenty of breaks," Claire answered. "I just want to see how he is different from us. This is important research when it comes to Familiars. As you may already know, Elliot and Conan are the only two other Familiars under the Familiamancer Profession.

"Also, I am aware of your difficulties in trying to enter the shrine. If you give me Conan, I promise that you will be given permission to enter it, in two to three days' time."

William grabbed the hiding Devil Familiar inside his uniform and presented him to Claire.

"Please, take him with you," William said earnestly. "Just remember our deal."

Claire held Conan's arm in a vice grip before nodding her head to William. "I will keep my promise. Expect to get clearance before this week is over. Come, Conan. We still haven't finished your Physical Examination."

"William, you traitor!" Conan shouted in tears as he was dragged away by Claire. "No! I don't want to go! I refuse to take part in your examination! William! Save meeeeeeeeeee!"

"I'll make it up to you later, Conan. I'm sorry," William replied as he said a silent prayer in his heart.  

Although he felt bad about Conan being dragged away by Claire, he knew that the little fairy had no intention of hurting Conan. He believed that the little fairy was just really curious about Conan since he was one of the first Familiars that had been born aside from her and her twin sister, Chloee.

'Claire couldn't possibly be in love with Conan, right?' William mused. 'Nah. It's impossible. Unlike Elliot, Conan was the innocent type. How can someone like that be appealing to girls?'

William chuckled internally before closing his eyes to take a nap. Now that Claire had promised him that she would secure a meeting with Shannon, the Half-Elf's heart was finally put at ease.. He only hoped that when he finally met her, the problem she currently had was something that he could easily solve.







Chapter 731

Malacai walked inside the Temple of the Gods that was located at the heart of the Ares Empire.  

Behind him, several guards, and priestesses, lay on the ground, asleep. The Dracolich didn't harm them in any way, and merely put all of them to sleep.

When he reached the depths of the shrine, he waved his hand and the water around the statue of the Goddess rose to the air, and took on a crimson hue.  

Soon, the statue glowed, and a sigh escaped its lips.

"Malacai, old friend, to what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?" Astarte, the Goddess of the Amazon Race, asked with a smile.

"Pleasure? I didn't visit you for pleasure," Malacai answered as he approached the Goddess who was looking at him with a playful gaze. "I came here to ask you if your warriors are prepared for what is about to happen."

Astarte chuckled as she walked in circles around Malacai. "For thousands of years, my warriors' strength has grown stronger with every generation. They've adhered to the laws that I have given them, with the exception of a few who chose to fall in love, instead of mating with the strongest of men.

"Still, the children that were born out of love were still Amazons. Their bodies were forged by the strength of their ancestors. So, if you are asking me if they are prepared for war then the answer is yes. Now, old friend, it is my turn to ask you a question…

"Are you prepared for what is about to come?"

Astarte lightly caressed the side of Malacai's bony face with the back of her hand. The Dracolich didn't pull away and allowed her to have her way.  

"Do you even need to ask?" Malacai answered with a snort.  

Astarte smiled, but this time, the smile contained a sadness that only Malacai and her understood.  

Malacai gazed one last time at Astarte's beautiful face, before turning around to leave the temple.

"When the time comes, I will come for you again," Malacai said without looking back.  

Astarte watched his retreating back, with the same sad smile plastered on her face. Only when she could no longer see him, did she open her lips and spoke, ever so softly…

"Malacai, you see things others can't.

Hear things others don't

Shed tears when others won't

And Fight when others don't."

The Goddess sighed one more time before she walked back to her original place.

"After thousands of years, you will once again stand on the frontlines of the battlefield," Astarte said firmly as the crimson waters parted for her to cross over. "You've lived a very hard, and painful life, old friend."

Soon, the waters fell down on the pool and returned to its original color.  

Astarte's statue stood tall and proud.  

Waiting for the day when the Ancient Guardian of the World would come to visit her, one last time.

—–

Two ravens cawed in the sky before landing on a branch of a tree. They looked at the old man who was peacefully taking a nap on the branch opposite theirs. The two ravens glanced at each other before once more cawing, in order to wake up the old coot who was still enjoying his afternoon siesta.  

James opened his eyes and gazed at the two ravens who were looking back at him with fed up expressions on their faces. The old man yawned and scratched his head before winking at the two ravens that had been away for several days.  

"Do the two of you have any news for me?" James asked.

The two ravens cawed once again and flapped their wings to fly towards him. Both of them landed on James' shoulder and closed their eyes. James, too, closed his eyes, as he felt the familiar connection between his two companions.

Images started to appear inside his head as the two ravens shared their memories with him.

After seeing all of their memories, James sighed and nodded his head in understanding.  

"Continue to monitor them and keep me updated," James ordered as he jumped off the tree. "I'm going back to the Tower of Babylon."

The two ravens nodded their heads before flying towards the sky. James watched them go until they had disappeared from the horizon.  

He didn't have much time left, and he needed to arrive at the Tower as soon as possible. Vlad and him had parted ways because the Demigod said that he needed to meet some of his old acquaintances.

James didn't mind because both of their goals were the same. Since that was the case, it was best for them to travel separately, in order to accomplish their individual tasks with ease.

The old bandit placed his fingers over his lips and whistled. He whistled many times, and each note was different.

After two minutes, James stopped and stood at ease.  

Suddenly, a neigh sounded behind him. James smiled as he watched an eight-legged horse gallop in his direction from the sky.

The horse's coat was white as snow, and its eyes were as black as coal. Clearly, this was not the same horse that he had ridden long ago, but James still felt the undeniable connection between him and the magnificent steed.

It didn't take long before the eight-legged horse landed a few meters away from him. It neighed and approached James with an eagerness that had been rooted in its bloodline.  

James lovingly stroked its head and caressed its neck.  

"You must be his great, great, great, great, grandson," James said softly as he played with the horse's ears. "Will you accompany me in this lifetime?"

The horse neighed and nodded its head in acknowledgement.  

"Then, I should give you a proper name," James stated as he eyed the horse, but the latter shook its head and neighed in disapproval.

James' eyes widened for a brief moment before it was replaced with an understanding gaze.  

"So, you wish for that as well." James patted the horse's head with a smile. "Very well, I will honor your wish."

The horse neighed softly and rested its head on James shoulder. The old man wrapped his arms around the horse and rubbed its neck, just like he did long ago.

"Sleipnir, your name will be Sleipnir," James whispered in the horse's ears.

The horse's ears twitched, and uttered a satisfied neigh before nudging James head with the side of its cheeks.

It then took a few steps back and made a gesture with its head.

James chuckled and nodded. He then mounted the back of the horse. Even without a saddle, he sat comfortably on its back. Sleipnir was confident that no matter how fast it ran, the rider on its back would not fall off.

Since that was the case, he pawed the ground with its hooves before dashing forward.

Soon the eight-legged horse galloped into the sky, headed towards the Tower of Babylon.

As the wind brushed past James face, a few bittersweet memories resurfaced inside his head. They were the memories of a time long forgotten, memories of the path he had trodden.

"Make it in time, Sleipnir," James ordered. "For Asgard, and the Nine Realms!"







Chapter 732

"Vlad, it has been a long time since you last visited me, what kind of bad news brought you here?"  

A giant creature with a lion's head and a body protected by a turtle-like carapace looked down on Vlad with surprise etched on its monstrous face.  

The giant creature had six feet, with bear-like claws and a scaly tail like that of a serpent's.  

Its name was Tarasque.

It was recognized by all as the strongest land dwelling Demigod in the World of Hestia.  

"You make it sound like I only visit you when I bring bad news," Vlad replied in a helpless tone.

"So, you're saying that I'm wrong?"

"… No. You are right. I do bring bad news, but it annoys me that you thought of me that way."

Tarasque chuckled as it laid on the ground. Since the Demigods lived long lives, they didn't usually seek each other out unless something of great importance was transpiring in the world.  

Of course, not all Demigods got along. Some of them hated each other, and would often get into fights whenever their paths crossed. Each had their own territory, so it was quite easy to locate them.  

Vlad decided to visit the strongest in their circle first, before going to the nearest Demigod in the area.

Vlad and Tarasque stared at each other. Although Vlad had many things to say, he instinctively felt that the twenty-meter-tall Demigod was already aware of the things that were happening to the world.

Still, Vlad knew that if he didn't break the ice, nothing would happen and their staring game would continue.

"I came here to talk about Malacai," Vlad said after organizing his thoughts. "He has regained his freedom."

Tarasque nodded its head.  

"All the Chimaeras are duty-bound to study the ancient glyphs inside the Strathmore Forest," Tarasque commented. "Just like your ancestors before you, everyone has been paying close attention to any information that relates to Malacai. Now that he is free, it can only mean one thing, and one thing only…"

Vlad clenched his first. Tarasque had been around since the Era of the Gods, so it knew more about the history of the world. During the war, this powerful Demigod chose the side of the Dwarves.

He had taught them how to build their kingdoms under the Earth, and forge powerful armor and weapons in order to protect their race and civilization.  

Because of this, the Dwarves were one of the races that had survived that warring era, and had flourished since then.  

"War…," Vlad stated. "A war that no one had seen before."

"Not just an ordinary war, Vlad, but a war that will surpass the Era of the Gods. A war where the entire world is at stake."

"Then we…"

"No." Tarasque firmly shook his head. "The stage has been set, but we are not part of the performing actors who will play the initial act. Our part will come near the end. Yes… near the end, when the pillars that hold the very foundation of this world will be shaken."

Tarasque said solemnly as he looked at the clear blue sky.

"Even now, I can feel that a great danger is approaching us, and yet… i cannot see past the skies of this world," Tarasque commented. "Right now, our homeland is like a sand castle on the beach, hoping that the waves won't reach us. But, sooner or later, the tides will rise. The waves will come, and when they do, they will wash away everything that has been built since time immemorial."

The strongest Demigod of Hestia sighed.

"I will be honest with you, Vlad," Tarasque said with a serious expression on its face. "I am scared. Very scared."

Vlad could feel the hairs at the back of his neck stand on end after hearing Tarasque's helpless voice. He knew that a great war was about to begin, but he didn't know what kind of war was about to transpire.  

If even the strongest among them was feeling faint just thinking about the inevitable battle that was about to come then what could he do?

What could anyone do?

As if noticing the changes that were happening in Vlad's expression, Tarasque shook his head to dispel the worries inside his head.

"Rest assured, when the skies of this world fall down upon our heads, I will be there to catch it," Tarasque said. "But, I will not be able to hold it up alone."

The strongest Demigod of Hestia stood up from the ground and gazed at Vlad with a determined expression.

"Go, Vlad," Tarasque ordered. "Inform the others. When the sky turns red, and the fires of destruction descend upon the world, the final battle of this world will be fought."

Vlad unconsciously gulped because Tarasque's words were like a prophecy. Even though he had no evidence, his instincts were telling him with certainty that the words of the Monstrous Beast in front of him would come to pass.

"How long do we have?" Vlad inquired. He wanted to know how much time he had left to prepare for what was about to come.

Tarasque didn't answer right away as it once again stared at the sky.

"I don't know," Tarasque replied. "Perhaps, only Malacai knows."

Tarasque started to walk away, and Vlad simply stood there looking at the Behemoth that had promised to be there when the sky was about to fall. The Demigod's back that once looked strong and invincible, was now hunched as if carrying a heavy burden.

'What kind of war could possibly surpass the war that happened during the Era of the Gods?' Vlad thought long and hard, but he couldn't think of an answer to his question.

He had not been born during that dark and tumultuous time of the world, so he had no idea how big the scale of the upcoming war was going to be.  

If even the combined strength of the Demigods of the world couldn't stop what was coming then was there any hope for them at all?

Vlad didn't have the answer to these questions. Although he was one of the few that stood at the peak of the world, he was not omnipotent.  

'There's no use of thinking about this now,' Vlad gritted his teeth as he transformed into his true form. He still had a few places to visit, and pass along the words that Tarasque had told him. No matter what happened in the future, one thing was certain.

The Demigods could no longer be aloof and stay away from the affairs of the mortal realm.  

—–

High above the Kyrintor Mountains…

Takam looked at the starry skies with his arms crossed over his chest. His eyes glowed with power as a magic circle formed under his feet.

He was gathering the power of the Kyrintor Mountains to perform a Tenth Circle Spell.

That night, all the members of the tribes knelt down as they transferred the power of their faith to their Sovereign.  

The entirety of the Southern Continent was unaware that something beyond their understanding was happening in the distant mountains, located on the Northern tip of the Hellan Kingdom.

In this dark, and quiet night, when the moon was nowhere in sight…

The vanguards of Humanity were making preparations to fight.







Chapter 733

Chapter 733 - What Makes You Think That I Will Cooperate With You?

 

"These are dark and difficult times," the old hag, who was also Celine's Master, sighed as she gazed at the sky.

As one of the Demigods of the World, her sensitivity to sense something that could threaten her existence was very high. 

Among her peers, the only one that could threaten her was Tarasque, but she knew that the Pacifist Demigod would not openly attack anyone unless they attacked it first.

"Master? Is there something wrong?" Celine, who had just returned after foraging in the forest asked as she placed the basket filled with herbs on the table.

"Yes," The old hag said as she sat on her favorite chair, "but you don't have to worry about this, Celine. At least, not yet."

Celine stared at her Master in confusion. Her Master was one of the most powerful beings in the world of Hestia, and it was very rare for her to see the old woman feeling depressed. 

This old woman was notorious for her witchcraft, and no one in the Demon Continent would dare to annoy her. Although many treated her as an evil being, Celine treated her with love and care. 

Aside from her sister, Celeste, Celine treated the old hag as her mother. Even though they weren't related by blood, the old witch and Celine treated each other as family.

The name of Celine's Master was Baba Yaga. A very powerful demon that had terrorized the world, more than a thousand years ago. Now, she lived in seclusion and enjoyed a peaceful life in the depths of the forest. Away from the affairs of the world, and away from the politics of the realm.

'This unsettling feeling… Just where is this coming from?,' Baba Yaga thought as she held a crystal ball in her hand. 'All I know is that it is coming from somewhere beyond my reach.'

The ball in her hand glowed, but the only thing the witch saw was a blaze that threatened to consume everything. No matter how hard she scried, she couldn't find the source of these flames that made her heart tremble.

"Celine, stay here for the time being," Baba Yaga ordered. "Don't leave the Demon Continent for the next few days."

Celine nodded her head. She didn't have any plans at the moment, aside from spending time with her Master until the prophecy came to pass. 

"Don't worry, Master," Celine replied. "I'll stay with you for the time being."

A smile appeared on Baba Yaga's wrinkly face. "Good." 

As Celine's Master, she didn't want her Disciple to come to any harm, especially when it was something that she couldn't foresee no matter how hard she tried.

—---

"Where are we going, Elliot?" Chloee asked.

"Don't worry, we won't go very far. Just the outskirts of the City of Orion," Elliot replied. "Where just going to meet a few friends."

Chloee frowned, but she still decided to follow Elliot. She noticed that although the Angelic Familiar was smiling, his body language was telling her that he was feeling anxious. 

The two familiars left the academy and headed to the City of Orion. Elliot said that he would be meeting his friends, and asked Chloee to accompany him. The little fairy thought that since Elliot had just arrived in the academy, he needed someone to act as a tour guide to the city. 

Since she wasn't doing anything important, she decided to accompany him and take him to the best places to eat in the City of Orion.

However, after arriving at the city, Elliot flew towards the west. Chloee found this strange, but she didn't say anything and continued to follow the Angelic Familiar whose smile had already disappeared from his face.

"Are we going to the Wild Squirrel Forest?" Chloee asked after seeing that they were headed into the direction of the forest, outside the outskirts of the forest. "Elliot, do you plan to catch a squirrel?"

Elliot allowed a chuckle to escape his lips before answering Chloee's question. "I'd rather hunt squirrels than face the things that we are about to face."

The Angelic Familiar didn't say anything else and continued to fly. Half an hour later, they arrived at a clearing inside the depths of the forest.

There, a robed figure stood at the center. A blue bird was perched on the person's shoulder. The moment the bird saw Elliot, it immediately uttered a shriek and glared hatefully at the two approaching familiars.

"Did the two of you wait long?" Elliot asked as he hovered in front of the robed figure.

"Just two days," the robed figure replied in an irritated manner. "First you ask me to come here as soon as possible, but the moment I arrive, you ask me to wait until you come to find me. Tell me, did you ask me to come just to humiliate me?"

Elliot wagged his finger at the robed figure while clicking his tongue.

"I'm not that bored," Elliot replied. "Since I ask you to come, naturally it is something of importance. But before that, remove your hood. Talking to you like this is getting awkward, don't you agree?"

The robed figure snorted, but still removed the hood from their head.

A familiar pretty face appeared in front of the two familiars. It was none other than William's ex-fiance, Rebecca.

Chloee glanced at Elliot and was about to ask for an explanation when the Angelic Familiar raised his hand to stop her from talking. 

"Listen, right now, we don't have much time," Elliot said as he looked at the two girls, and the blue bird that was perched on Rebecca's shoulder.

The bird was none other than Meredith whose rank had dropped to the Centennial Rank after its battle with William. Even now, the Blue Bird hated the Half-Elf with a vengeance. If not for Rebecca's urging, it wouldn't have accompanied her on her journey to the City of Orion, where the Hestia Academy was located.

"We need to create a high-level magic circle that will amplify your magic power, Rebecca," Elliot said. "We must do this within two days. Have you brought the items I asked you to bring?"

Rebecca nodded, "I brought them all. But, what kind of high-level magic circle are you planning to make? I don't know much about them."

"Don't worry, Meredith will teach you how it is done."

"And what makes you think that I will cooperate with you?" The Blue Bird spoke in contempt as it eyed Elliot as if he was its mortal enemy.

Aside from the Angelic Familiar's hair color, hair style, and bearing, Elliot's face was an exact copy of William, which made Meredith's blood boil.

The Blue Bird had regretted the fact that it hadn't been able to kill the Half-Elf when it had chosen to self-destruct in order to end William's life. To this day, it held its grudge deep inside its heart, and it would do anything if it meant being able to end the life of the hateful Half-Elf who had killed her through disgust.

"Don't you feel it?" Elliot asked Meredith whose magical power was slowly increasing. "Or are you pretending not to feel it? Your rank may have degraded, but you were once a Demigod. Surely, your instinct was as still sharp as it was back then, no?"

He wasn't afraid of the Blue Bird because its rank was only that of a Centennial Beast. This was one of the reasons why he had asked Chloee to accompany him in order to deter the spiteful Phoenix, who was out for vengeance.

"So, what of it?" Meredith replied. Its voice was laced with hate, but Elliot's words had caught it off guard. "Are you saying that you know where this feeling is coming from?"

Elliot nodded. "Like I said, we don't have much time. You can feel it too, right? With every hour that passes, that powerful pressure is coming closer and closer. If you don't cooperate with us, that malevolent feeling you are experiencing will come to find you."

Meredith narrowed its eyes. It was still half in doubt of Elliot's words, but there was no denying that the Familiar had aptly described what she was feeling. Its instinct was screaming at it that something beyond the scope of its powers was coming beyond the horizon.

For the time being, it decided to push aside its grudge and find out the reason for its anxiety.

"What do you want me to do?" Meredith asked.

Elliot sighed internally because the first hurdle had been overcome. As long as he was able to get Meredith's cooperation, the next stage of his plan would proceed smoothly.

"I want you to make a high-tier magic circle that will bend space," Elliot explained. "We will use the items that Rebecca has brought to empower it."

Meredith frowned before shaking its head. "It will not be enough. I saw the items she brought, and it will not be enough for whatever you planned to do."

"You don't have to worry about this," Elliot casually waved his hand. "The only thing you need to do is to create the magic circle, and reinforce it with the items that Rebecca had brought. I will handle the rest."

Meredith snorted due to the Familiar's disregard for its opinion. However, it was still curious about what Elliot was planning to do, so it decided to cooperate for the time being.

"Remember, you must finish the magic circle within two days," Elliot said with a serious expression. "I don't care if you hate me and William, but for your sake, you better not try something funny. I swear that if the magic circle isn't complete within two days, I will personally bury you in night soil."

Meredith shuddered as the traumatic memories once again flashed inside its head. The Ice Phoenix looked at Elliot's face and felt its heart tremble. The incident that happened in the Savadeen Mountains had left a deep scar in its heart.

If that were to happen another time, the Ice Phoenix, who had guarded its domain for hundreds of years, would never be able to lift its head high ever again.


Chapter 734

A day passed after Elliot and Chloee had left the academy.

Elliot had already told William that he was planning to tour the city with Chloee, so the Half-Elf didn't think much about it.

The Angelic Familiar was almost always wandering around the academy, and William had already gotten used to it.

As for Conan, the pitiful Devil would do its best to run away from Claire. However, for some uncanny reason, the little moody fairy was always able to find Conan's hiding place. It was as if she had placed some kind of tracker to him, making him unable to escape her grasp.

Because of this, the Little Devil had returned inside William's body and refused to come out. This was the only way that he could think of that would allow him to escape the Physical Examination that Claire had been performing on him these past few days.

In the end, Claire had no choice but to set aside her plans for an extensive examination and accompany William to the shrine located on the East side of the academy. The moody little fairy had somehow gotten the Headmaster's approval, which surprised the Half-Elf.

Because of this, his impression of Claire rose. However, that impression hit rock bottom when he found out the real reason why Byron agreed to let William see Shannon.

Claire simply said that if Byron didn't agree to allow William to go to the shrine, she would ask her sister to break Byron's prized collections. Because of this threat, Byron reluctantly agreed to accommodate Claire's request and gave his approval.  

After hearing that Byron had compromised, Celeste decided to accompany William to see Shannon. It was not only her that chose to accompany the red-headed teenager. Princess Sidonie, Chiffon, Kenneth, and Lilith chose to accompany him as well.

Ian also wanted to go, but Celeste told her that Shannon's power might overwhelm her spiritual resistance, and force her to commit suicide. Even William wasn't an exception, but Celeste believed that as long as she and the rest of the sins were around, they could prevent the worst case scenario from happening to the Half-Elf.

As the group walked towards the shrine, Celeste decided to ask the question that had been on her mind since William opened up the subject of how he became aware of Shannon's existence.

"Who told you about Shannon?" Celeste asked. "As far as I know, less than ten people in the world know where she is currently staying. I know all of those people, so it is impossible for you to get any information from them. How did you find out about her existence?"

William pondered on how to best answer this question, but every excuse that appeared in his mind was not feasible. In the end, he decided to use the safest method to answer Celeste's inquiry.

"A God told me about her," William replied. "That God also told me that I needed to solve her problem. By doing so, I will be rewarded with riches that would make me a happy man."

Celeste eyed William with a doubtful expression, but she also couldn't rule out the Half-Elf's words. Since the people that knew about Shannon's plight were trustworthy people, only those outside of their circle could have told William where she could be found.

"Listen. I know you have a strong willpower, but the person you will face is beyond comprehension," Celeste warned. "If I deem that you are unable to hold on to your reasoning, I will immediately evict you from the shrine. Do I make myself clear?"

William nodded. He had heard about Shannon's notoriety, and because of this, the shrine had become a restricted area and was heavily guarded.  

Several layers of protection had also been added in place creating multiple barriers that prevented others from going in, and coming out of, the shrine.

The Guards allowed William's group to pass because they had already been informed of their coming. Celeste was also one of the handful of people that could enter the place, so seeing her with William put the guards at ease.

"This layer of security is even tighter than the one that guarded the treasury of our kingdom," Princess Sidonie said after they had passed the last checkpoint, leading to the shrine.

"Over a hundred people have died coming here," Celeste commented. "Some of them were high-ranking nobles of the Empires of the Central Continent. Unfortunately, their curiosity had gotten the better of them and their lives ended before they could even do great things to benefit the world."

Celeste then gave William a side-long glance before shifting her attention back to the entrance of the Shrine.

"I just hope that you don't end up like them, William," Celeste said. "You are one of the pillars of the young generation. If you die here, it will be a great loss for Humanity."

Celeste didn't add that if William died, her sister, Celine, would also be very sad. The beautiful Elf swore that she would do her best to prevent William from taking his own life the moment he saw the person that had been staying in the shrine since she was five years old.

"Remember, if he does something funny, all of you will restrain him as soon as possible," Celeste said to the members of the Deadly Sins that had come with William. "Knock him unconscious if you have to. Just don't let him end his life."

Princess Sidonie, Chiffon, Kenneth, and Lilith nodded their heads. Their faces became serious as Celeste opened the door that led to the innermost area of the shrine.

The sound of a chime reverberated in the surroundings as the door was opened. The bells were placed there to alert Shannon that someone had entered the Shrine.

William's gaze froze when he saw the person that was sitting in the center of the room.  

She held a paintbrush in her left hand and her eyes were focused on the canvas.  

William felt something grip his heart, as his thoughts started to grow hazy. Even so, he focused his willpower on his sight, as he took in the visage of the girl whose sadness was etched on her beautiful face.

"I see that you have brought me some guest, Professor Celeste," a soul stirring voice escaped the young lady's lips. She then turned her head to appraise the guests that had come to visit her.  

"My heart tells me that the three of you are my sisters," the young lady said and a trace of surprise could be detected in her soul stirring voice.  

After a while, her gaze landed on William, and a smile of ridicule appeared on her beautiful face.

"Tell me, stranger. What kind of crime did you commit for these girls to bring you here to die?" the young lady asked. Her sad gaze, and voice, carried a power that made William's legs weaken, and almost made the Half-Elf collapse on the ground.

Fortunately, the others were paying close attention to him. Princess Sidonie and Chiffon hurriedly supported his body, so that he could remain standing.

This act made the young lady that was seated on the chair arch an eyebrow in surprise. With a glance, she could tell that the red-headed teenager was someone that her "sisters" cared for. This piqued her interest, and she once again gazed at the man whose breathing was starting to get heavy.

"I…," William tried to force a word to clear his thoughts that were starting to scatter.

This feeling was far stronger than the Befuddlement Spell that Byron had cast on him when he was being interrogated back in Antilia Island.  

That was the last word that William uttered before he felt a pain at the back of his head.  

As his eyes slowly closed, and his senses started to abandon him, the sigh of the beautiful girl, who made his soul tremble, reached his ears.

It was such a sad sigh, filled with loneliness and helplessness. That was the last thing that William heard before he fainted in his lovers' embrace.

"Sisters, come visit me when you have time," the young lady commented as she looked at William who was being supported by Princess Sidonie and Chiffon. "If you care about his well being, it will be best if you keep him away from this place."

The young lady then lifted her brush and started to draw on the blank canvas. "I will wait for all of you to tell me stories of the outside world.. A world that is far away from my reach."







Chapter 735

When William opened his eyes, he found himself back inside his room in the dormitory room.  

The windows were open, and yet, the room was dark. The Half-Elf tried to recall what happened before he lost consciousness. Slowly, but surely, the images gradually resurfaced in his memories, giving him a clearer picture of what Shannon looked like.  

Inside the room, there was a young lady sitting on a chair and holding a brush in her left hand. She had long white hair, and her eyes were purple in color. The thing that stood out the most about her appearance were the ears that were on top of her head.  

Shannon's ears didn't resemble those of any humanoid species. They looked like fluffy Beastkin ears that he had seen in some comics and T.V shows back on Earth.  

William couldn't recall if they were cat ears, or fox ears because her smooth, and soul-stirring voice, made him unable to form any coherent thoughts.  

All he could tell was that the girl was similar to him. A Half-breed of shorts.  

Half human, half Beastkin.

The Half-Elf rubbed the back of his head. It was there where someone had hit him, but the pain was long dissipated. Clearly, he had already been healed from his injury and only remained unconscious due to the power of Shannon's strong divinity.

While he was deep in his thoughts, the door of his room opened. Ian came in pushing a trolley of food that she had taken from the dining hall of the Dormitory.

"It's good to see you are awake," Ian said as she walked towards him with a smile.

William frowned as he gazed back at his lover. "How many days did I sleep?"

"Only a few hours," Ian replied as she looked at him with a worried look on her face. "Do you feel hurt anywhere?"

William shook his head. "I'm fine. I don't feel pain anywhere."

He wasn't lying. William had already asked Optimus to run a diagnostic scan to check his condition, and the results showed him that he was perfectly fine.  

"Good. I was surprised when you were carried back to the dormitory by Kenneth. I didn't expect you to return in that manner."

"I also didn't expect that I would be brought to that state. It seems that I need to change my strategy when interacting with Shannon."

William sighed. Just a mere glance, and a few words from Shannon was enough to make him unable to hold on to his rationality, and it unnerved him.

Ian transformed into her mermaid form and cupped his face. She then planted a kiss on his forehead before patting his head.  

William closed his eyes and allowed himself to be embraced by the lady who had given half of her heart to him.  

"You don't need to rush things," Ashe said as she pulled William closer until his head rested on her chest. "You can take it slow. Shannon is not going anywhere. Sidonie and Chiffon told me everything already."

"Mmm," William replied as he felt Ashe's softness and warmth.  

The two of them stayed like that for a few minutes before the beautiful mermaid reluctantly took a step back.

"Eat first," Ashe said as she walked towards the food trolley. "It is now eight in the evening and you've been sleeping for ten hours."

Ashe didn't wait for William's reply and arranged the food on the table in his room. The smell of delicious food reached his senses, and it was then when he realized that he was very hungry.  

After eating everything that Ashe had brought for him, William walked towards the balcony of his room. Ashe followed suit, and the two of them sat there while looking at the stars in the sky.

"Ashe, Aamon's last test is a little difficult," William said after a few minutes passed. "However, worry not. I will find a way and lift the curses placed on you, Est, and Isaac. I promise."

Ashe nodded her head. "I believe you."

The two stared at each other for a little while before they shared a short, yet love-filled, kiss on the lips. After the kiss ended, Ashe pulled back. Although she wanted to remain, she had an appointment with Princess Sidonie, and Chiffon.

William's three lovers decided to have a meeting about how to help William accomplish his last mission. They planned to keep this as a secret for the time being until they found a way to overcome Shannon's powerful divinity.

"I'll be going now," Ashe said as she caressed William's cheeks. "Just call for me if you need anything."

"Mmm." William nodded his head in understanding.  

Ashe undid her transformation before leaving the room. William watched her go with a sigh.  

The Half-Elf once again looked at the stars. It had been a while since he had done this after leaving the Tower of Babylon.

"The stars of Hestia are really different from the ones on Earth and Asgard," William said softly.  

He had been in Hestia for more than eighteen years of his life. Since the day he was born, he had encountered several hardships, and faced challenges that someone of his age shouldn't have had to face.

Ten minutes later, William returned to his bed to sleep. Even though he had already slept for many hours, he was still feeling exhausted. Perhaps it was the side effect of being in Shannon's presence, or perhaps it was due to the sneak attack he received back then.

"Tomorrow." William yawned as he closed his eyes. "I will try again tomorrow."

The Half-Elf hoped that when morning came, he would be able to find some clues about how to help Shannon solve her problem.  

—–

Inside the Shrine located on the East side of the Academy…

A brush danced across the canvas giving color to Shannon's creation.

Her eyes were focused on the canvas as the brush started to move in a blur. With each stroke, her masterpiece came closer to completion.  

The colors she used were purple, red, orange, and gold. These combinations of colors breathed life to the scene that she was currently painting.

In a world dyed in purple, red giants walked in an orderly manner. Their hands and feet were swathed with a tinge of orange and gold, showing the color of flames.  

Thousands of these red giants appeared on Shannon's canvas, and all of their expressions were fierce. After making the last stroke, Shannon paused.  

The painting was only halfway finished, because she couldn't paint more than this.

"Tomorrow. I will paint again tomorrow," Shannon said softly as she stared at her incomplete work. "Your Excellency, what do you think? Is it good?"

A lady wearing a celestial robe walked towards Shannon and peered at the painting. She then patted Shannon's head, as if telling her that she did a good job.

Shannon allowed herself to be pampered because it was only in these moments when her desolate heart would feel a tinge of fleeting happiness.  

"Rest, my dearest," the otherworldly beauty said as she kissed Shannon's cheeks. "Tomorrow, you will be having guests."

Shannon nodded her head as she allowed herself to be half-carried towards her bedroom. It had been a long day, and she was indeed tired.

She hoped that when morning came, her sisters would come to visit her.  

Although her existence had broken the rules of the world, it was something that couldn't be helped.

After all, she was someone that was not supposed to be born.







Chapter 736

"This should be the place that the Lady of the Lake told me about," William Pendragon stared at the Big Oak Tree in front of him.  

He closed his eyes and tried to recall everything that the Lady of the Lake had told him. William had a good memory, so it didn't take long before the memories of his meeting with the lady resurfaced inside his head.

—–

"Located in the East, deep within the Bridgefell Grove, lies an Old Oak Tree. It is the biggest and tallest tree in the forest, so you will identify it right away.  

"On the ninth hour, of the ninth day, of the ninth month, a portal between Midgard and Alfheim will appear at the base of the Old Oak Tree.

"You May enter Alfheim through this passage. However, know that this passage only opens once a year. If you want to return to Midgard, you have to return on the ninth hour, of the ninth day, of the ninth month, and cross the bridge between the worlds once again."

—–

William once again opened his eyes as the memory subsided.  

"I need to find Acedia and bring her to the Violet Ever Garden," William said softly. "There she will remain for the rest of her life."

The image of the sleeping Elf with golden hair flashed across his mind. In his memory, the young lady was sleeping on a bed of roses.

While William was still lost in his thoughts, a soft whistle was heard around him.  

Suddenly, the air's movement picked up and it made William's hair, and clothes flutter.  

Right before his eyes, a golden portal materialized out of thin air at the base of the Oak Tree. William hurriedly walked towards it because the Lady of the Lake didn't tell him how long the portal would last. It would be best to enter it as soon as possible to prevent any further delays.

If he missed the opportunity, he would have to wait for another year before he could repeat the quest that was given to him. For William, who was carrying a great burden on his shoulders, time was of the utmost importance. He couldn't allow himself to fail this quest and be delayed for another year.

As soon as he stepped into the portal, he found himself falling in what seemed to be an endless tunnel. He kept falling, and falling, and falling, until he lost count of how many minutes had passed since his descent had begun.

As the teenage boy thought that he would be falling for the rest of his life, his descent came to an abrupt end. William's feet had landed on solid ground, and due to the unexpected outcome, he lost balance and fell on his bum.

With a pained expression on his face, the silver-haired Pendragon looked at his surroundings. The place where he appeared looked very ancient, and the flow of magic was thick in the air. Although William wasn't sure if he had really arrived at Alfheim, this was the only explanation that he could think of at this moment.

After standing up and dusting the dirt from his clothes, William once again scanned his surroundings. The Old Oak Tree didn't look any different from the one he saw. However, the trees surrounding the clearing where it was at were different from the ones he had seen in Midgard.

As William was thinking about where to go, he noticed some kind of structure that was not far from the Oak Tree.  

Since he didn't know where to go, William decided to investigate the place first.  

'Is this some kind of ruin?' William thought as he entered the dilapidated stone structure that reminded him of a small coliseum.

The first thing he saw when he entered was a small altar. William's eyes widened in shock when he saw what seemed to be a person lying on top of it.  

The silver-haired teenager immediately walked towards the altar to check if his guess was right.

When he was only several meters away from the person who was lying on the altar, he noticed that he was stepping on something golden. Upon closer inspection, he realized that he was stepping on hair.

William knelt down and held a handful of it. The smooth, and silky golden hair felt good to the touch. His gaze then moved towards the person lying on the altar.

'Could it be?' William mused as he let go of the hair and stood up. He then walked towards the altar to confirm his suspicion.  

When he was only a meter away, he finally saw the identity of the lady that was lying on top of it.

A beautiful Elf who seemed to be in her late teens was sleeping peacefully on a bed of roses. She looked exactly like the projection that the Lady of the Lake had shown him a few months ago.

"Excuse me. Are you perhaps Acedia?" William asked.  

The sleeping lady didn't answer, so William once again asked his question.  

After asking for the third time, the young lady seemed unresponsive, so William decided to move closer and try to wake her up by force.

However, just as he was about to lightly shake her body, something grabbed his feet and hoisted him up in the air.

William panicked and tried to break free, but it was to no avail. He hung in the air, upside down, unable to free himself no matter what he did.

It was also at that moment when the sleeping beauty opened her eyes and gazed lazily at him.

"Who?" the golden haired beauty asked sleepily.

"M-My name is William," William replied. "I am not a suspicious person. I am on a quest to help someone named Acedia. Do you happen to know who she is?"

After careful consideration, William decided to play it safe by telling the young lady in front of him half-truths. Although he already knew that the lady with golden hair was Acedia, he understood that he shouldn't call her by name because it would mark him as a suspicious person.

By being vague that he wasn't aware of who she was, William would be able to diffuse the current situation.

Unfortunately, the golden-haired lady didn't care whether she knew of him or not. She simply closed her eyes and once again went back to sleep, leaving William dangling in the air, held only by the hair around his feet and ankles.

—–

William abruptly sat up from the bed as he woke up from his dream. The faint rays of the sun landed on his face through the window, making him realize that morning had come.

"What an unreasonable dream," William thought as he scratched his hair.  

The girl in his dream, Acedia, had not only captured him, but also treated him like a toy by shaking him like a pair of maracas, while being held by her hair.

It was akin to torture, and William had woken up when he had finally reached his limit.  

The Half-Elf shook his head as he walked towards the bowl of water on the table. He used it to wash his face, and drive the remnants of sleep that still stuck on his face.  

William was already used to having dreams about his past memories in Midgard, but instead of feeling happy, he felt worried instead.

"Who is that girl?" William thought as he scratched his head. "She doesn't look like Master, so I can cross her out for the time being."

Although William wished that the golden haired beauty that he saw was Celine, Their faces were quite different from each other. His other lovers, namely Ashe, and Chiffon, looked exactly like their counterparts in his previous dreams, but the Rapunzel in his dreams was someone he hadn't met before.

After wracking his head, William knew with certainty that he hadn't seen the girl before. The only thing that bothered him was that she looked oddly familiar. The Half-Elf couldn't explain it, but he was sure that he had met that lady before.

As he was starting to doubt his memory, a sudden knock on the door of his room brought him out of his daze.

"Who is it?" William asked. Only a handful of people would knock on his door so early in the morning, so he asked just in case that he was wrong in his assumption.

"It's me, Kenneth." the silver-haired elf replied. "Breakfast is now being served in the Dining Hall. Do you want to come and eat with me?"

William opened the door, and his ex-roommate's delicate looking face appeared in front of him.  

"Good morning, Will-huh?!"

Kenneth wasn't able to finish his words, because William had reached out to grab a few strands of his hair and gave it a light tug.

"It feels different," William muttered. He then started to rub Kenneth's head to feel if the latter's hair was similar to the hair in his dreams. "Completely different."

Kenneth stared at William with a dumbfounded expression as he grabbed the hand that patted and stroked his hair so early in the morning.

"Just, what do you think you are doing?" Kenneth asked while giving William a glare.

Although he and William were close, the Half-Elf had never been this touchy, and it made Kenneth feel uncomfortable.

Realizing that he had subconsciously made a mistake, William hastily pulled his hand back and apologized to Kenneth.

The feel of Kenneth's hair was different in his memories, so the Half-Elf was able to breathe a sigh of relief.  

"Fortunately it was a miss," William muttered absentmindedly.

"Miss? What miss?" Kenneth frowned. He had just forgiven William for touching his hair, but the red-headed teenager's sudden rambling piqued his curiosity.

"Nothing." William cleared his throat in embarrassment. The two then made their way towards the Dining Hall to have their breakfast.

Although the memories of his past lives were credible, William was still not certain if the golden-haired Rapunzel in his dream was also present within his current reality.







Chapter 737

It was the weekend so William and the rest didn't have any classes.  

After having a hearty breakfast to wash away the abuse he received in his dreams, William, accompanied by Ian and Kenneth, went to meet with Princess Sidonie and Chiffon.

Princess Sidonie and Chiffon shared a room together, so it wasn't hard to meet them. At least, that was how it was supposed to be normally, but there was one problem. The girl's dormitory was completely off limits to male students.

Although William didn't have any complaints about this rule, he could only shake his head helplessly because the same didn't apply to the girls. The female students of the academy could freely visit the boy's dormitories anytime they wanted.

The only limit was the nightly curfew, which prevented them from staying longer than seven in the evening.

Half an hour later, William, his lovers, and Kenneth, walked in the direction of the shrine.  

William walked hand in hand with Chiffon, while Princess Sidonie explained to him the plan that they had formulated to allow William the ability to resist the power of Shannon's divinity.  

"I was really surprised when I saw Shannon yesterday," Princess Sidonie said as she held onto William's arm. "There has been no precedent in the past, but I can't believe that someone like her exists."

Princess Sidonie wanted to explain more, but it seemed that a powerful restriction was preventing her from telling William about Shannon's true identity. In fact, it was not only her. Chiffon, Kenneth, Lilith, and Celeste weren't able to say anymore either.

There seemed to be an invisible law that prevented anyone from sharing the information they had about Shannon. Because of this, Princess Sidonie just told William the plan they had in mind.  

"Although I'm not a hundred percent sure that this plan will work, it has at least a seventy percent chance of success," Princess Sidonie said. "You need to merge with one of us when meeting with Shannon. The power of our Divinity will help you resist her Divinity to a certain extent."

William nodded in understanding. Unlike the Seven Deadly Sins and the Seven Virtues, the Half-Elf wasn't able to hold his wits around Shannon for even half a minute. This degree of suppression was something he had never felt before.

It was different from the overbearing suppression that came from a Demigod. It was simply a force that ignored the laws of the world, and made anyone who set their eyes on her feel that their world had lost all of its colors.

"Why didn't I think of this?" William felt like slapping his forehead for not thinking of this simple method to deal with Shannon's Divinity.  

Princess Sidonie giggled as she held unto her beloved. "Now, one question remains. Who will you merge with? Chiffon or I? Or… would you rather merge with Kenneth?"

Kenneth who was walking behind William frowned. He didn't understand what Princess Sidonie meant by merging. However, he was willing to extend his help to William if that would help the Half-Elf accomplish his goals.

William paused for a moment and turned back to look at the silver-haired Elf.

The details of his most recent dream, and remembering what Princess Sidonie and Ian had told him about Kenneth's battle in the tournament, came to mind as he observed the face that was familiar, yet not.  

William shook these thoughts out of his head and chalked it up to Sidonie teasing Kenneth because his hair had grown longer then. Turning his focus back to pondering which of his two wives he would pick to conduct his experiment, he happened to glance down at the adorable girl who was pulling on the side of his robe in order to catch his attention.  

Chiffon looked up at him with a tender gaze. The red-headed teenager's heart melted after seeing her expression. Because of this, he said that he would choose his pink-haired wife to merge with him when they faced Shannon a second time.

Princess Sidonie giggled, and Kenneth shook his head helplessly at the Half-Elf's behavior.  

—–

As William's group neared the Eastern Shrine, something else was happening in a place that was far beyond their reach.

The three thousand Harbingers of Destruction continued their march as the beautiful blue planet drew closer. They estimated that it would only take them a day or two to arrive at their destination.

Suddenly, one of the three Demigods that were marching in front of the army raised its hand, which made everyone come to a halt.

The thirty-meter tall Giant with long red hair, tied up in braids, looked at the distortion that was slowly materializing in front of their army. The distortion was at least a mile away from where they stood, but the Giant Demigod decided to stop their advance, and observe this phenomenon that he was seeing for the first time in its long lifetime.

Half a minute later, a floating island appeared in the void. In the middle of the island was a Giant Fortress whose presence made the Demigod frown.

The floating fortress was other than the last bastion of humanity, Avalon.  

The gates of the Fortress opened and seven individuals walked out of it. They then jumped down from the floating island.

With the exception of the Arcane Spectral Lich, Diabolical Hell Knight, Grim Nightmare Revenant—who had all summoned their bone dragons—the others landed on the Passage of the Worlds, facing the three-thousand strong Giant Army that was more than capable of annihilating several empires in the Central Continent.

Nuckelavee held the spear in its hand firmly as it stared at the enemies that were in front of it.

The Devil of the Sea was a Pseudo-Demigod, and could fight head on with Demigods, However, the three, thirty-meter tall Giants gave it some pressure.

Clearly, these were no ordinary Demigods. The three Giants were Peak Demigods who specialized in war and destruction. They were similar to Nuckleavee, only bigger and more powerful.

The Monstrous Skeleton Sovereign and Giant Slaying Draugr, was only as tall as the smaller giants, and even they felt that fighting head-on with three Demigods, a hundred Pseudo-Demigods, and thousands of Peak Millennial Giants was too high of a hurdle.

However, of them would be backing down from this fight. Behind them was their homeworld, and they would not allow these foreign threats to set their home world ablaze.

Malacai stepped forward and stood in front of his subordinates. He was as strong as the strongest Demigod among their enemy's ranks, and his face, which was made completely out of bones, showed no change of expression.

He summoned his staff, which he had lent to William during the battle in the Southern Continent and held it high.

The Fortress of Avalon lit up as the Elven Undead, manned their posts. They activated the Fortress' long distance weaponry in order to support their champions.  

Malacai slammed his staff on the ground as the embers on his eye sockets blazed brightly.

"You shall not Pass!" The Ancient Guardian of Hestia roared and the Passage of the World trembled.  

Out of sight from the billions of inhabitants of the world, these Unsung Heroes took a fighting stance, as they prepared to make their stand, to fight against the invaders who wished to destroy the world, and everything they held dear in their undead hearts.







Chapter 738

Tremohr, the strongest Demigod among the Giant Army, looked down at the undead who dared to block their path.  

His brothers, Araznir and Sirion, snorted as they gazed at Malacai with contempt.  

As the Harbingers of Destruction, they possessed the unique ability to understand the language of the world that had been assigned to them to destroy.

Tremohr raised his hand and gestured for the Giants to prepare to fight. Although he sensed that Malacai possessed strength equivalent to his, the Dracolich's companions posed no threat in his eyes.

"Kill!" Tremohr ordered. He then ran forward with his Giant War Axe held high, ready to strike and destroy anything that blocked his way.  

The other giants roared and charged forward, brandishing their weapons of destruction.

Malacai was unfazed and pointed his staff forward. "Fire!"

Avalon lit up and a powerful magical barrage descended upon the Giants who were rushing towards him in droves.

Due to the size of their targets, the Elven undead didn't even need to aim because they would hit their targets no matter what.  

The magical attacks came from powerful artifacts that had been stored inside Avalon for thousands of years. Some of these Artifacts were of the Legendary Ranks, so they posed significant threats, even to the Demigods who were leading the charge of the Giant Army.

This was why Malacai told William that he was not allowed to steal any of the treasures that were kept in Avalon, when the Half-Elf came to ask for his help.

The Giants' advance slowed down as the magical bombardment pelted their bodies. The ancient artifacts, that had survived the Era of the Gods, were not something that they could just shrug off completely.  

However, Malacai knew that even with Avalon's powerful bombardement, they were still at a disadvantage in this head-on confrontation. They were not fighting mindless beasts. They were fighting an army that had already taken part in destroying worlds.

As the Giants neared their location, the magical barrage intensified as well. The three Demigods, as well as the hundreds of Pseudo-Demigods were taking the brunt of the bombardment.

Injuries appeared on their bodies, and blood flowed like a river, but their advance never stopped. Sirion, one of the three Demigods, held a scepter in his hand and he enveloped the Giant Army in a magical barrier, which weakened the damage of the spells that were raining down on them.

The other Demigod, Araznir, blew a giant cone shell and the injuries that the Giants received slowly regenerated. Although it was not an instant regeneration, the damage that they had received was slowly recovering with each passing second.

'They're not an ordinary raiding party,' Malacai thought. He then chanted a spell and the tip of his staff glowed eerily.

"Shadow Shackles!" Malacai shouted. Knowing that he wouldn't be able to stop the giant's advance, he decided to cast a 9th Circle Spell that would bind the weaker giants, while he, and his subordinates dealt with the stronger ones.  

The ground under his feet was dyed black, and it spread out towards the Giant Army. several black chains sprang out from the ground and bound the giants' bodies.  

This was a powerful restraining spell cast by a Demigod, so the majority of the Giant Army came to a complete stop.

Only the three Demigods, as well as the Pseudo-Demigods were able to break free from their bindings and continued their charge.

Malacai knew that this was the best that he could do in this situation and motioned for his subordinates to prepare to fight in close combat.

Although hundred three opponents pitted against seven was still a staggering number, it was much better than seven against three thousand.

Avalon focused on firing its magical barrage at the Giants that had been bound by Malacai, to prevent friendly fire.

Nuckelavee laughed as it charged forward, brandishing its spear. It didn't need to communicate with Malacai because it already knew who its target would be. The Devil of the Sea charged at Araznir who was holding the Giant Cone Shell that was slowly regenerating the injuries of the giants.

As long as the Cone Shell was there, any damage they dealt would be useless!

Malacai flew towards Tremohr because the latter was the strongest among the Giants.  

  The Arcane Spectral Lich, Diabolical Hell Knight, and Grim Nightmare Revenant focused on Sirion, who held the scepter that mitigated the power of their magical attacks.  

The Monstrous Skeleton Sovereign and Giant Slaying Draugr was forced to face the hundreds of Pseudo-Demigods on the ground.

With a powerful cry, the Giant Slaying Draugr met the giants head on. He was able to send three of them flying with his weapon, but the rest ganged up on him and tore off his body parts.

The same could be said for the Monstrous Skeleton Sovereign. It was only able to cut off a Giant's head before its bones were smashed to bits.

The power difference between the two parties was too great that it was impossible to change the situation with just determination alone.

The staff on Malacai's hand glowed, and the two fallen Undead Giants that had been torn to shreds were restored to their original state. The two immediately worked together to sneak attack the giants that had trampled on their bodies and gave their enemies serious injuries.

"Foul tricks!" Tremohr roared as he brandished his weapon towards Malacai.

The Dracolich was forced to dodge the attack, and was unable to support the two Undead Giants who had once again been hacked to pieces. This time, the Giants learned from their mistake and threw their body parts in separate directions.

Even if they re-assembled themselves again, it would take a longer time to do so.

Seeing that their first line of defense had crumbled, the Undead that manned the Fortress of Avalon set their sights on the Pseudo-Demigods on the ground.

They fired a powerful barrage at their enemies, but the Giants endured these attacks.  

When the giants neared the floating island, they all jumped into the air.  

Their giant bodies landed on the floating island making it tremble.  

"Die!" One of the Giants approached the fortress and hacked its walls with a giant hammer. A soft hum reverberated in the air as the magical defenses of Avalon activated.

Avalon was the strongest fortress of mankind. It would take more than an attack from a Giant to break its walls. Even so, it was not invincible.  

As more Giants reached the fortress, their relentless attacks weakened the magical barrier that protected it. Several cracks started to appear on the barrier's surface, which meant that the damage was slowly, but surely, breaking through its defenses.

Malacai wanted to return to defend the Fortress, but Tremohr had effectively blocked all of his attempts to retreat.  

"The dead should just remain dead," Tremohr sneered in contempt. "Allow me to ensure that you will not rise a second time."

Tremohr swung his mighty axe while using an ability that froze Malacai in place. The Dracolich was forced to summon a black blade to block Tremohr's attack, and the two weapons clashed against each other, a powerful shockwave forced the two of them apart, as they stared hatefully at each other.

Suddenly, a loud cracking sound reached Malacai's ears and his already grim face turned grimmer.  

The magical barrier that protected Avalon was starting to break, and it was only a matter of time before it shattered into pieces.

At that exact moment, a powerful voice reverberated across the battlefield.

"I Dance Across the Frozen Heavens, All Hail!"

Out of nowhere, a powerful blizzard enveloped the entirety of the floating island. Hovering above Avalon, a young lady with light-blue hair danced and waved her hands, sending giant icicles into the Giants that were hacking at the walls of Avalon.  

The lady who had an otherworldly beauty continued to dance and a confident smile could be seen on her beautiful face

Light blue pillars of light descended on the ramparts of Avalon. When the light receded, several young men, and women, who seemed to be in their late teens, appeared with determined looks on their faces.

All of them were holding weapons in their hands and with her orders, they all spread out to attack the Giants who had started to back away from the walls of Avalon.  

"Go," Ella ordered. "Show them the power of the newly evolved Angorian War Sovereigns!"







Chapter 739

The giants felt that the power of the icicles could threaten their lives so they immediately retreated in haste.

It was at that moment when a young man with light blue hair charged at one of the retreating giants with a speed that overtook the latter in a span of a few seconds.

Due to his size, the giant didn't notice the approaching threat behind its back.  

The young man was holding a blade in each hand as he concentrated a great amount of magical power underneath his feet. When he felt that enough power had been gathered, he stomped on the ground and jumped towards the giant.

Knowing that this would not be enough to reach his target, the young man stepped on the air, creating an icy foothold that only lasted for a few seconds, before shattering.

Even so, that was enough to continue his advance forward.  

The Giant who had the Rank of a Pseudo Demigod finally felt something threatening approaching him from behind. He hastily turned around to attack whoever was planning to backstab him, but he didn't see anyone.

Levi, one of Wiliam's goats, had evolved into a demi-human with the help of Ella's blood. The goat, who had stood with William during his youth, had finally reached the peak of the Millennial Rank.  

A Millennial Beast fighting a Pseudo-Demigod was a laughable concept. Their powers were worlds apart. Levi could easily lose his life with just a single, full-powered, slap from the Giant in front of him. However, he was not afraid.

Among his brothers and sisters, he was the one that was least afraid of Giants, even if they were of the Pseudo-Demigod Level.

Levi's body spun in the air and the blades in his hand emitted a bloody hue. With a powerful strike, he slashed down at the nape of the neck of the giant, almost severing it in half.

The young man then landed on the head of the Giant and simply stood as straight as a sword. A few seconds later, the Giant collapsed on the ground, making the ground tremble.  

It was barely holding on to life, and only the regeneration ability that was constantly flooding its body was keeping its life intact.  

Levi didn't move from the Giant's head and simply stared at the other retreating giants.

"You're not going to finish it off?" a young man, who had similar hair color as Levi asked as he watched the nape of the Giant's neck slowly regenerate.

"I was waiting for you to finish him off," Levi replied as if it was the most normal thing to say.

The young man with curly light-blue hair smirked as he placed his foot on the giant's wounded neck.

Keith, the goat whose name was ridiculed by many in the past raised his hand with a sinister smile on his face.

A blue seed appeared in his hand, which he nonchalantly tossed into the Giant's wound that was continuing it's slow regeneration.

A few seconds later, the body of the giant started to shake uncontrollably. Levi and Keith had already retreated at a safe distance as they watched the fate of a Pseudo-Demigod who was at the last vestige of its life.

A green vine laced with thorns, and oozing with blood, slithered out of the Giant's mouth. A moment later, two more vines erupted from the Giant's eye sockets, destroying it completely.  

The giant's body twisted and several more vines erupted from the insides of its body, sending blood flying like a fountain. Soon, the Giant stopped moving. Only the vines who were happily sucking its blood continued to move, making the scene similar to what one would see in a horror movie.

"Fun time's over," a confident voice commented from behind the two young men.  

"Don't go overboard, okay?" a carefree voice said. "Remember, one mistake and we're goners."

Levi and Keith looked at the two new arrivals and nodded their heads. They were other than Chronos and Jed.

"Where are the others?" Levi asked as he flicked the blades in his hand, sending the blood that stuck to them to the ground.

"Just like you guys, killing off stragglers," Jed commented before whistling at the giant that Keith had killed. "Aslan and his team are fighting over there, I think."

Jed pointed in the distance where several spells were flying in the air. Two more newcomers joined their group. One young man, and a young woman. They were other than the other members of Chronos' team, Myr, and Io.

"Let's go," Chronos ordered. "The battle has just started."

The group of six ran towards where their companions were fighting in order to act as reinforcements.  

Ella, who was hovering above Avalon had already canceled the Blizzard that she had created. Her eyes glowed with power as she observed the battlefield.  

Malacai, who had noticed her arrival, gave her a brief nod before continuing his battle with Tremohr.  

Avalon's magical barrier would automatically regenerate, but it required some time to do so. Although he didn't know the identity of the people that had come to help him, one thing was certain.

All of them were on the same side.

The magical bombardment of Avalon had stopped because all of the magical artifacts required a cool down period in order to regain their magical power. Even though the Undead could still use them a few times, the Greater Undead that was giving orders to the Undead Defenders deemed it would be best to let the artifacts recharge, while they still had the leeway to do so.

Below the floating fortress, Nuckelavee's body flew over a hundred meters after it was hit by Araznir's War Mace.  

Its body was bleeding all over, but its fighting spirit was still burning brightly. Unfortunately, it would need a few minutes to fully regenerate its injuries, so it could continue to fight against the Demigod that had completely outclassed it in terms of battle prowess.

Araznir was no fool, so he decided to end Nuckelavee's life while the latter was down. The Devil of the Sea tried to forcefully raise its spear in order to block the oncoming attack, but it knew that it could only block the Demigod's attack one last time.

After that, it would be incapacitated, unable to defend itself for the next blow.  

The Giant roared as he sent his mace slamming towards Nuckelavee with all its might, with the intention of smashing its body apart.

Nuckleavee gritted its teeth as it prepared itself to the block the attack.

However, right before the giant mace met Nuckelavee's spear, the mace stopped mid-air.

Araznir turned his head to the side, as his body subconsciously moved against his will.

There, floating a few hundreds of meters away from him, was a young girl with short blonde hair, with curls at the end, and a pair of blue eyes that was looking at Araznir as if she had found a new toy to play with. Behind her back was a pair of fairy-like wings that were flapping excitedly.  

She had used Duel-Ex earlier in order to prevent the Demigod from delivering a crippling blow to Nuckelavee, forcing Araznir to exchange blows with her.

"Pick someone your own size," Chloee said as she wound up her arm to unleash the strongest blow she was capable of unleashing.

Even as a Demigod, Araznir could feel a dangerous feeling coming from the young lady who was nothing more than a bug in his eyes.  







Chapter 740

Elliot, who was hovering a good distance away from Chloee, couldn't stop his lips from twitching. If not for the current circumstances, he might have teased Chloee that she was a small bug compared to the giant, so telling Araznir to pick someone his own size was laughable.

But, he held his words back and scanned his surroundings.  

Right now, the Angelic Familiar had the form of a twelve-year old William. His blonde hair was standing up as lightning crackled all over his body. A blue bird was perched on his shoulder, and constantly scanning the battlefield, just like him.  

Both of them were looking for something, and it was something of the utmost importance.  

Elliot had brought Chloee, and Meredith to the Void, in order to prevent a certain incident from happening.  

Chloee's role was to help even out the playing field in the fight against Demigods, while Elliot and Meredith focused on finding their target. The Angelic Familiar's and the Blue Bird's strength was only at the Centennial Rank.  

Their role was very limited in this battlefield, where their opponents could easily crush their bodies with a single step. Elliot and Meredith understood this, but this was a gamble that they had to take.  

—–

As the war was being raged at the void, several individuals in the world of Hestia were starting to notice.

The Demigods, with the exception of Takam, raised their heads towards the sky. They could feel the powerful fluctuations that were radiating from a place they couldn't see.

Soon, rumbling sounds spread across the entire world. They were like peals of thunder, but only more powerful. Emperors, Kings, nobles, commoners, and Beasts, all raised their heads and looked up at the sky in confusion.

William's body uncontrollably shuddered as he, too, looked up at the sky. He was sensing a familiar feeling.  

A feeling that he had felt thousands of years ago, and it made his blood boil regardless of his will.  

At that exact moment, almost everyone in the world was staring at the sky. Those who sat at the peak of the mortal realm could see brief flashes of light beyond the heavens. It didn't take long for them to realize that some kind of battle was being waged in a place they couldn't see.  

As if by instinct, they felt something stir in their hearts. A feeling of wanting to lend their support to whoever was fighting for their sake.

This power of Faith was unconsciously released from their bodies and traveled towards the center of the world.  

This was where a certain tower, that reached high into the heavens, could be found.

Three old people—two men and one woman—stood at the top of the Tower. They were the true owners of the Tower of Babylon, and the tower was created to raise individuals who would be able to protect the world.

Unfortunately, Belial's actions had delayed the progress of Humanity. The Guardian had even taken the lives of talented individuals that should have ushered in a new era for mankind. Although Wiliam had already ended his menace, the lost time couldn't be regained in the span of a year or two.

Now, they could only put their faith in those who wanted to protect the world, and lend them the power of Faith, which was currently being gathered and concentrated at the Tower of Babylon.

—–

Tarasque sighed when it heard the rumbling sounds in the heavens. It understood that this was just a prelude to what was to come. Even so, it still hoped that the forces fighting for their side would win this first clash in the battle against the Harbingers of Destruction.  

The other Demigods of Hestia may not be as knowledgeable as Tarasque, but they were not stupid. They may quarrel and have conflicts against each other, but when faced with an outside threat, all of them would stand united as one.

The battle in the sky waged on, and no one knew about the current situation, except those who were present in the battlefield, and doing their best to defend their homeworld with all of their might.

——

Araznir easily crossed the distance and brandished his weapon angrily at the little girl who was giving him a dangerous feeling. For him, eliminating those that posed a threat to their army was of utmost importance.

The Giant brandished his mace, and placed all of his strength into it for one powerful strike that would obliterate any foe it hit.

Chloee smirked as she disappeared from where she stood. A few seconds later, she reappeared right in front of Araznir's chest, with her right fist glowing brightly.

"Overwhelming Strike!" Chloee shouted as her fist hit Araznir squarely on the chest.  

The Giant sneered because he was sure that the girl's attack wouldn't even faze him. Aside from his strong, and sturdy body, Araznir was also wearing an armor that boasts a very high defense.

The Giant was about to swat the little fairy on his chest when his whole body suddenly bent over like a cooked shrimp. A painful groan escaped his lips, before his body flew backwards for over a thousand meters due to Chloee's powerful punch.

Before they arrived at the Void. Elliot had used his lightning to deal some damage to Chloee in order to lower her health. He did this in order to trigger Chloee's passive Juggernaut skills that increased her strength by a hundred percent.

This punch could easily obliterate Drauum, but Araznir was a Demigod at its peak strength. Even though his body didn't shatter to pieces, Chloee's punch had broken his armor, and gave him a very serious injury.

Nuckelavee and Meredith, who watched the entire scene unfold, were dumbfounded by Chloee's great strength.

Even the two other Demigods, Tremohr and Sirion couldn't help but gape at their companion who was blown away by a single punch.

Malacai, and Ella glanced at Chloee and nodded their heads in appreciation. With such a powerful helper by their side, they would be able to cope better with the Giant Army who earlier had the upper hand.

Just like Malacai, Ella was curious on how the three newcomers had appeared in the void. This place was protected by Time and Space, and very few knew of the method of traversing this dimension.

The reason why Ella managed to appear in the Void was due to the power of Takam's artifact in the Kyrintor Mountains. The power of Faith that belonged to the tribes allowed him to open the fabric that connected the world of Hestia to the passage of the worlds.

Ella and the newly evolved Angorian War Sovereigns used this method to arrive at their destination, and help Malacai deal with the invaders who only sought the destruction of their world.

Chloee was someone who didn't follow etiquette during battles. After hitting her opponent, she flew towards the fallen giant with the intention of dealing as much damage as possible.  

"World Ending Strike!" Chloee roared as she did a roundhouse kick and smashed her foot on Araznir's family jewels.  

A soundless scream erupted from Araznir's lips as he curled up in pain. Due to the giant's current position, Chloee decided to pummel the giant's head with a barrage of punches and kicks, which almost dislocated the giant's jaw.

The little girl was about to activate another Overwhelming Strike when she felt a threat coming from her right side. Trusting her instincts, she hastily backed away, just in time to see a giant fiery whip that brushed past her body.  

Tremohr wouldn't allow Araznir to die, so he immediately came to his companion's rescue. Seeing that she wouldn't be able to continue her rampage, Chloee decided to do the next best thing, and smashed the Giant Cone Shell that lay beside Araznir.

She punched and kicked it until it was smashed to pieces.  

Immediately, the regeneration ability that the giants had obtained as a buff disappeared. It was a small compensation for the lost opportunity of ending one of the Demigod's life using her full powered attack that she could only use three times a day.

A series of battlecry spread across the void as the remainder of the Giants finally broke free from Malacai's spell.

After seeing what was happening to their leaders, the Giant Army ran with their weapons held firmly in their hands.  

The Giant that ran in the lead of the formation was one of the captains assigned in the army. With his orders, the giants crossed the distance with great strides in order to counter-attack the hateful creatures who were delaying their righteous mission.

Suddenly, a whistling sound reverberated in the surroundings and the Giant Captan screamed in pain.  

A silver spear had struck its eye, blinding it completely.

Tremohr glanced at the direction where the spear had come from with an annoyed expression on his savage face. There had been so many pests appearing left and right, and it was starting to get on its nerves.

However, when he saw the person who had thrown the spear that had struck his subordinate, the anger on his face disappeared and was replaced by shock.

"Y-You!" Tremohr pointed at the newcover in disbelief. "Why are you here?!"

Malacai, Ella, Chloee, and the others glanced in the direction where the giant was pointing at.

It was then when they saw an old man, seated on top of an eight-legged horse.  

Ella immediately recognized who the old bandit was, and the corner of her lips rose by a good margin.  

"Took you long enough," Ella said. If one were to listen closely, they would be able to find a trace of complaint in her voice.

The old man gave an awkward chuckle, but he didn't reply to Ella's words. Instead, his eyes locked on the bodies of the Giants in the distance.

The Giants, with the exception of the Demigods, unconsciously took a step back when they saw the face of the old man that was excluding a powerful presence.

Although the face was different, they knew for certain that the old man before them was the person who was hailed as one of the Strongest War Gods in existence.

The heavily injured Demigod Araznir, as well as his companion Sirion, hurriedly regrouped with Tremohr, because they felt a threat that far surpassed the combined forces of the people that they were fighting with just now.

"Are you scared?" James asked in a teasing tone. "Good. Because there is a good reason for you to be scared."

The old bandit of Lont narrowed his eyes as a powerful killing intent exploded from his body.  

"According to the stars, now is a good day for Giants to die," James said with a smile. "Don't worry. I'll send all of you to hell, free of charge. No need to thank me."

Although he was cracking a joke, of the Giants laughed.. They only held onto the weapons in their hands firmly, as if their very lives depended on it.  







Chapter 741

Morgan stood on a platform holding a ceremonial sword in his hand.  

His father, James, had tasked him to embed the sword in the pedestal in order to activate the Bifrost Bridge, which would connect the Floor of Asgard to the Passage of the Worlds.

James didn't ask Morgan to accompany him because he had a more important task for his son. Morgan's role was to transfer the power of Faith from the Tower of Babylon towards James, and maintain the connection of the Bifrost Bridge.

Morgan trusted his father very much, so he didn't ask any questions and simply did as he was told. Although he was curious about what was happening, he was certain that once his father came back from who-knows-where, all the questions he had at the moment would be answered.

The Power of Faith that had gathered at the highest peak of the Tower of Babylon had transformed into a golden orb of light, similar to a small sun.

Three beings stood around it and slowly channeled the power towards the 51st Floor. This battle was very important to them, so they didn't hold back in supporting the Heroes that were facing the vanguards of Destruction that had arrived on their doorstep.

The platform where Morgan stood glowed a golden color as the power of Faith was absorbed by the sword in his hand. A few moments later, hundreds of beams of light shot out from the Tower of Babylon, and traveled to all corners of the world of Hestia.  

For a brief moment, the entire world was bathed in a golden light, before returning to its normal state.

—–

Back in the Void…

"Impossible! You're already dead!" Tremohr shouted. He refused to believe that the adversary they had feared in the past was once again standing in front of them. Although the face wasn't familiar to them, the spiritual power that he could feel from the old man couldn't be wrong.  

James didn't answer right away and merely urged his mighty steed to move forward.

"You're right. I've died once already," James answered, "but I am back, and I am back with a vengeance. This time around, there will be no prophecies to save you from me."

"So what if you're back?" Sirion sneered. "Asgard had already been burned to the ground and your world destroyed for eternity. Right now, you're just a homeless dog with no owner. Oh, how the mighty All Father has fallen!"

James brushed away the strands of hairs that were covering his face. After that, he raised his head ever so slightly, before answering the Giant's taunting.

"Asgard is not a place. Never was," James answered firmly. "It's a people. For as long as the fires of Asgard burn in their hearts, it will continue to exist."

James raised the silver spear Gungnir in the air and it glowed like a beacon warding off darkness. "Asgard is where our people stand… and now, allow me to introduce you to my people."

Hundreds of beams of light landed on top of the Bifrost Bridge, behind James.  

"Hah… you're such a slave driver, commander," Owen said with an exaggerated sigh as he walked towards James. "I was just about to make love to my beautiful wife and you chose this time to summon us? If you summoned me a minute later, I might have appeared in my birthday suit."

"It must be hard being a henpecked husband," Dwayne chuckled as he stood beside Owen. He eyed the Giant Army and cracked his knuckles. Obviously, he was preparing himself to punch them to oblivion.

Ezio, Helen, Barbatos, Mr. Bond, Gordon, John, Shawn, and the other warriors of Lont stood proudly around their commander.  

Throughout his early days, James had traveled the world of Hestia, searching for the Asgardians who had also reincarnated in this world. Some of them lived in the remote corners of Hestia, and although they chose not to follow James back to Lont, their loyalty remained true to him.

This was why, when James had called for them, they answered the call and were brought to the void by the power of Faith.

The Giants glanced at the newcomers and snorted. Although their opponents had increased by a few hundreds, their strength didn't pose a threat to them. Only James, Malacai, Ella, and Chloee were strong enough to threaten the Demigods and the Pseudo Demigods in the Army of Destruction.

When James saw the contemptuous expressions of the Giants, he laughed at them in his heart.  

"I'm called Father of Men, The Ancient Gautr, and All Father. I am Blaze-Eyed. I am also called Eagle Head, and Shield-Shaker," James declared with arrogance. "I am The Wanderer, and I am the Chooser of the Slain. I am Gray-Beard, Masked One, and The Evil Doer. I have as many names as there are winds, as many titles as there are ways to die.

"By my power and authority, I hereby grant you the right to unseal all of your powers! Brave Heroes of Valhalla, I once again call upon you to make your stand! Break away from the shackles that bind you and unleash your true power! Show them the power of the Einherjars!"

Gungnir shone once again and the rays of light landed on the hundreds of men that answered their Master's call.

Owen, who was standing next to James, started to glow.  

When the light receded, a handsome man who seemed to be in his mid-twenties appeared in front of everyone. He had platinum blonde hair, and eyes that were as blue as the clear sky. He emanated the strength of a magician that had broken through the limit of the 10th Circle.

He was other than Owen, the Grand Archon of Life, and his face would make all the ladies in the world swoon due to how good looking he was. The handsome man had an impatient look on his face as he faced the Giant's Army.

Clearly, he was more interested in fighting thirty rounds with his wife, than dealing with the stinking giants, who had come uninvited in their new domain.  

If William was there, he would definitely refuse to believe that the old perverted man, who had taught him all the techniques he knew about how to pleasure a woman, was the same person who was now oozing with a very strong life force and charisma.

Dwayne, the bald monk, who had taught William unarmed combat, now stood wearing the armor that he once wore when he was still an Einherjar that fought under Odin's direct command.  

Helen, whom William had always called Aunt Helen, had transformed into a beautiful young lady who seemed to be in her early twenties. White wings sprouted behind her back and in her hand, she carried a flag where two ravens had their wings spread wide, as if they were just about to fly towards the sky.

This was the flag of Odin's personal army that followed him into battles. Helen was the Valkyrie who was under his direct command. She was also their legion's flag bearer. Her role was to ensure that Odin's flag would be seen on the battlefield, giving strength to the warriors who were fighting for the sake of the Nine Realms.

The hundreds of warriors also transformed into their forms when they were at their peak. A powerful force swept across the battlefield at that moment, and the Giants finally realized that they had underestimated how strong the warriors of the world they were planning to destroy were.

Each member of Odin's Legion had the Rank of a Saint at its peak. They were just as strong as William when he entered his Heroic Avatar form, and all of them were veterans in battle. If this kind of force appeared in any place in the Central Continent, it would certainly be a force that no one would openly dare to oppose.  

James body was bathed in light, and when it receded, the old man, who always wore a robe, was covered in a golden armor. He also wore a golden horned helmet, which high-lighted the black eyepatch on his face.

The All Father then pointed Gungnir at his enemies, and Sleipneir raised its front legs while neighing out loud. The time of talking was over, it was now the time to fight.  

"For Asgard!" James roared with all his might. It was the same warcry that he had shouted when the end of the world stared at him in the face.  

It was the same warcry he shouted as he stared at the prophesied adversary that was meant to claim his life.  

The All Father of Asgard and the God of all Aesirs once again donned his armor and weapon of war, like he did thousands of years ago. James led the charge at the frontlines of the battlefield, for honor, and for the the things he had lost!

""For Asgard!""

The hundreds of warriors shouted in unison. Their blood boiled inside their bodies as they stared hatefully at the invaders that had trampled over their dignity and honor in the past.

"Kill!" James shouted as Sleipnir charged forward. The magnificent steed neighed as its legs carried it forward.

Helen waved Odin's Flag as she hovered above the battlefield. A sneer appeared on her face as she held the banner in her hands tightly. This time, they would not falter. This time they would win!

""Kill!""

Hundreds of warriors charged alongside James without fear. Their rampage was long overdue.  

It was now time for them to unleash the fury that they had kept in their hearts for thousands of years, on the same Giants who thought that they could once again destroy their world, like they had with Asgard thousands of years ago.  







Chapter 742

"Gramps sure is feisty," Elliot muttered as he gave James a side-long glance. "That's my gramps."

William's angelic familiar couldn't stop the silly grin that appeared on his face as he marveled at James' prowess.

"Focus," Meredith reminded him. "We still haven't seen our target."

Meredith's reminder calmed Elliots excitement down as he once again narrowed his eyes to scan his surroundings. In this battle, he was forced to use 70% of his power, just like Chloee, and had taken the form of a young boy.  

Lightning snaked around his body as he continued to gather his powers in his right hand. Ever since he and Chloee had appeared on the battlefield, the angelic familiar had been channeling his powers for one full powered strike.

He could only unleash this powerful attack once, and he would be greatly weakened afterward. Even so, it was necessary for this was the only attack that could pierce through their target's defenses.

Malacai backed off because he could tell that James had set his eyes on Tremohr. Since that was the case, he swapped places with his subordinates, and fought Sirion.

The Arcane Spectral Lich, Diabolical Hell Knight, and Grim Nightmare Revenant, joined the Angorian War Sovereigns in fighting off against the Pseudo-Demigods who had once again started to attack Avalon.

"Owen, take Dwayne, Barbatos, Shawn, Gordon, John, Marcus and half of our forces to reinforce Avalon," James ordered. "Helen…"

"I will stay with you, Commander," Helen interjected before James could give her any orders.

The beautiful Valkyrie had the "I'm staying with you and there's nothing you can do about it" expression on her face that forced James to hold back the order he was about to give.

"Fine, Just make sure that you don't get in my way," James replied. "You know how I fight, right?"

"Of course, Commander."

"Good."  

Sleipnir rose to the sky as James charged straight towards Tremohr with a fearless grin.  

The Strongest Demigod among the Giants didn't step back and faced him head on as well. He swung his Giant Axe and it descended with the weight of several mountains. Tremohr knew that he couldn't afford holding back against such a powerful opponent, so he decided to go all out from the very start.

Odin didn't dodge the attack, instead, he used his hand to grab the blade of the Axe that was only a meter away from his body.  

Tremohr stared in disbelief at the scene that was in front of his eyes. He had only seen Odin fight briefly during Ragnarok, but he wasn't among the giants that faced the All Father in that great battle.

He heard that Odin was strong, but he didn't know how strong he was.

"Is this all you've got?" James sneered as he pushed the Giant Axe back. The blunt edge of the War Axe hit Tremohr's head, sending him staggering back a few steps.

James jumped off Sleipnir's back, and punched the Giant's nose, breaking it completely.  

Although he wasn't as powerful as he was when he still held the title as the Strongest God of Asgard, his unsealed form was still strong enough to make Tremohr lose all of his confidence in a fight against him.

Right now, James' strength was akin to the strength of a Demigod at its peak. He couldn't always use this power because there was a restriction that bound him from using it. The old bandit of Lont could only unseal his power when he was facing the Army of Destruction.

Outclassed by his opponent, Tremohr knew that it was only a matter of time before their army would be wiped out. The moment he was defeated, James could easily start a massacre and annihilate all the Giants that were under the realm of Demigods.

"Activate the Beacon now!" Tremohr roared.

This was a special means of calling for reinforcements from the main army that all Raiding Teams possessed. There were several worlds that had powerful warriors on them that could resist the Vanguards of Destruction.

When this happened, the leader of the Raiding Team would then send a signal to their Main Army, which in turn would mobilize a stronger force to head to the world where the beacon was lit.  

Once the beacon was lit, it would only take a week or two before a massive army, that numbered in the millions, would arrive. This was the main force of the Harbingers of Destruction.

This Army was headed by a God, and under him were thousands of Demigods and Pseudo-Demigods. The main bulk of the army was composed of Millennial and Myriad Ranked Trolls and Giants that had grown in great numbers over the passage of time.

When Tremohr shouted his order, a giant, who was located at the rear of the army, grabbed something from the satchel on his waist.  

It was a golden crystal, the size of a bus, and it was the beacon that would call their reinforcements from the far reaches of the void.

The Giant Raised his hand and was about to activate the golden crystal when it was momentarily blinded by a brief flash of light. What followed next was a loud cracking sound of a crystal shattering into pieces.

When the Giant recovered his vision, he saw a blonde-haired boy, with his fist embedded in the golden crystal in his hand.  

The Giant roared in anger because he could tell that the beacon had been destroyed in that brief span of time that he got distracted.

The remains of the golden crystal turned into glittering crystal powder, as Elliot felt his entire body became heavy as lead.

Out of anger, the Giant grabbed Elliot and crushed his body in a firm grip.  

Elliot bit his lips as he prevented himself from crying out in pain. He had used all of his strength in that single attack, and he no longer had the strength to escape.

"I'll kill you!" The Giant increased his strength and crushed Elliot's body.

Enduring the crushing pain that was threatening to end his life, Elliot sneered at the Giant who had failed to carry out his mission.

"Jokes on you," Elliot said through pained breaths. "I'm too awesome to die."

The Giant roared in anger as he tightened his grip, crushing Elliot's body completely. The Angelic Familiar muttered a few words before his body shattered into a shower of light.  

His killer didn't manage to hear his words, nor did anyone for that matter.

Only the wind, that blew softly across the battlefield, carried his words to the one that was meant to hear them. Those words were.

"I will leave the rest to you, Chloee."

Chloee was busy fighting off against Araznir, but she still sensed Elliot's death from afar.  

There had been no changes in her emotions as she cornered the Giant Demigod with her cheat-like abilities.  

Elliot had already told her that there was a high-chance of dying in this battle, so they had all come prepared to die when things got out of hand. As familiars, their Masters would be able to summon them again after 24 hours had passed.

As long as they didn't use 100% of their powers in battle, they could be summoned again once the duration of their death had expired.  

"Duel-Ex!" Chloee shouted when Araznir tried to regroup with Tremohr. She was aware that the three Demigods were the main force of the Giant Army. As long as they were killed, the remnants of their forces would be easy prey.  

Araznir cried out in fear as he once again faced the little girl whose fist was glowing in a bright, golden light.

"Noooo!" Araznir could only scream in fear as Chloee moved in for the kill.  

This was her third and final chance to use her strongest attack, and she planned to end Araznir's life with it.

The battle against the Demigod wasn't easy. If not for the fact that she could break the laws that the Giants had used against her, the one who would be dying would be her.

Also, Araznir wasn't much of a fighter. His role was support, and he specialized in healing.  

After the giant cone shell was destroyed, the Giant had lost his edge in his battle against Chloee.

If the one who fought against her was Tremohr or Sirion, the little fairy would have definitely died long before Elliot unleashed his suicidal attack to destroy the Beacon of the Giants.

Chloee flew like an arrow and gave Araznir an uppercut. Her small body pierced through his jaw, and went straight to destroy the giant's brain, ending his life.

One of the three Demigods had fallen, and their Beacon had been destroyed. The Morale of the Giants plummeted and some of them even started to retreat.  

James' subordinates, Malacai's undead, and the Angorian War Sovereigns, didn't stop their relentless assault and hunted the giants who had decided to run for their lives.

The tides of the battle had shifted, and their roles had completely reversed.  

—–

Standing on top of the Giant Sword Embedded in the middle of Hestia Academy, the beautiful lady wearing celestial clothes observed the battle from afar.  

Her hands were clenched into fists, and a smile could be seen on her face. Clearly, she was happy with the outcome of the battle.

Unfortunately, she knew that this was only the beginning. Even so, the defenders had bought them precious time.  

Time they could use to raise a few more heroes, who would take up arms to defend their world, from the inevitable battle that would decide the Fate of her World.  







Chapter 743

Several chains wrapped around the foot of a giant preventing it from running away. The giant did its best to pull out of the chain that bound it. Some of the chains broke, but more took their place. Soon, the entire body of the giant was rendered immobile.

A black mist flew from the ground and reformed itself on the back of the giant's neck.

"Requiescat in Pace," Ezio said as he swiftly slashed on the nape of the Giant's neck with a sword that was surrounded in black mist.  

Black flames erupted from the wound. Soon, the flames spread across the entire giant's body.  

Not long after, a blood curdling scream of suffering erupted from the giant's lips as fear, pain, and unwillingness consumed everything, even its bones.

Hundreds of meters away from him, a giant was doing its best to escape, while blood soaked its wound riddled its body.

John, who was mounted on top of a Giant Hawk, unleashed a deadly shower of arrows that turned the giant into a pincushion.  

After receiving several injuries, the Giant's speed had slowed down. It was also at that moment when a loud squeal spread across the battlefield.

A five-meter tall wild boar rammed the Giant's calf, breaking its bones, and sending it collapsing onto the ground.

Mounted on top of the Wild Boar was other than Theo's father, Marcus. Together with his Boar Companion, Thunder, they smashed the giant's head before running after their next kill.

(A/N: Theo was William's best friend in Lont.)

Owen, on the other hand, was smoking a pipe as he observed the battlefield. As a Life Grand Archon, his role was to ensure that they would not have any casualties on their side during the battle.

He would casually point his staff at varying points in the distance and cast barriers around, and healing spells and other support spells on the Asgardians who were consumed by blood lust. These frenzied attacks were quite powerful, but due to the overflowing emotions of revenge, some of the Asgardians disregarded their safety and attacked like there was no tomorrow.

Owen didn't prevent them from doing what they wanted because he knew that they were just venting out the suppressed feelings that they had held inside their hearts for a very long time.  

Also, Owen was confident enough that of them would die under his watch. Even if they did, as a Life Grand Archon, he would be able to bring them back to life, as long as their time of death didn't surpass five minutes.

"Knock yourself out, fools," Owen muttered as he once again pointed his staff in a direction, enclosing one of his comrades in a powerful protective shield to prevent one of the giants from crushing them with its foot.

"The people of Lont are stealing our kills," Jed complained as he summoned an ethereal Sparrowhawk, with a wingspan of five-meters, to attack one of the Giants they had immobilized.  

The Sparrowhawk screeched and clawed the giant's eyes, blinding it completely. It then circled the sky once, before swooping down to scratch the giant's face.  

"Stop complaining," Keith, who had summoned a giant vine to immobilize the giant, commented. "If you don't pay attention to the enemy in front of you, you might get your cheeks clapped hard."

Io, who had accompanied the two to subdue the giants, summoned several Earth Spears and hurled them at the giant's chest. She was someone that didn't like to talk too much, and was the steadiest among the Angorian War Sovereigns that were under Chronos' leadership.

After delivering the final blow that ended the Giant's life, Io looked in the distance where her companions were battling two more giant's together.

"Let's go," Keith said. "Big Sister said that of the giants must survive."

Jed raised his hand and increased the size of the ethereal Sparrowhawk, so that the three of them could mount its back.

Half a minute later, the group of three flew in the air and sought out the Giant's that had run the furthest ahead.  

They had no intention of letting any of the Giant's go because this was part of the mission that Ella had given to all of them.  

—-

Avalon soared across the void and unleashed a barrage of magical attacks on the fleeing giants. Since they were only of the Millennial Rank, and no longer under the protection of Sirion's and Araznir's powerful artifacts, these giants were blasted to bits by the magical attacks that fell on their bodies like rain.

Chloee panted as she climbed out of Araznir's bloody head. Her whole body had been drenched with blood and brain fluids, but she didn't pay it too much attention.  

Just as she was about to fully extract herself, a fireball descended upon her and turned her body into particles of light.

One of the Captains of the Giant Army had come to support Araznir, but it was already too late when he arrived. Even so, he still decided to end the life of the little girl who had killed his superior.  

The Captain knew that they had already lost, and he had made it his mission to eliminate as many warriors on the enemy's side as possible.  

However, before he could realize his goal, the Giant Slaying Draugr, who had finally managed to reattach its body parts, sliced the Giant's Head off from its body.  

It was filled with anger and annoyance because the Giants had not only torn its body apart, they had also thrown it in different directions. This had made the Giant Slaying Draugr very angry, so it hacked and slashed at any Giant that was near its vicinity.

The Monstrous Skeleton Sovereign was of the same opinion as his comrade, and was currently on a killing spree amongst the weaker Millennial Giants that had started to run from the battlefield.

"You are only delaying the inevitable," Tremohr said as he knelt on the ground, while blocking the gaping hole on his chest with his hand. "You might have won today, but you cannot stop us. You and the Aesir Gods failed back then. Do you really think your pitiful resistance is enough to stop the mainforce from setting this world ablaze? Naive!"

Tremohr knew that his life was nearing its end, so it decided to use its remaining life force to ridicule James' and his pitiful effort at resistance.  

James didn't affirm nor reject Tremohr's words because it held some truth in it. He was not as strong as he used to be in the past, and he was well aware of how powerful the Army of Destruction was.

Indeed, in the face of the Main Army, headed by the God of Destruction himself, their resistance was indeed pitiful. However, James wasn't pessimistic about their chances.  

"Don't worry," James said as he stared at the dying Giant in front of him. "If, and when, your main army arrives, I will personally send your comrades to hell to accompany you."

"Delusional mortal. I will laugh at your pitiful death from hell."

"Laugh as much as you want, but I'm not going to hell."

James sneered at the Giant whose eyes were glaring at him with hate.  

"I'm too awesome to share that filthy place with you, and your stinking companions," James said as he threw Gungnir at the Giant's forehead, finally ending the Demigods' life.  

Sleipnir neighed as it nudged James using the side of its face.  

"I know," James replied as he patted the horse's head. "We won't allow any of them to escape."

Sleipnir neighed as James mounted its back. The two then galloped across the void to hunt down the Giants that were running for their lives.  

Malacai had also ended Sirion's life, and his undead army was currently clearing the battlefield alongside James' forces.

On top of Avalon's ramparts, Ella's long, light-blue, hair fluttered in the breeze.  

'We bought ourselves a bit of time,' Ella thought as she hurled a giant icycle at a fleeing giant.

The Icycle pierced through the giant's back, instantly turning it into a giant block of ice.

Ella then snapped her fingers and the ice shattered into pieces.  

The numbers of the Giants were dwindling by the minute. It was only a matter of time before all of them had been completely rooted out, but Ella was not taking any chances and was paying close attention to the surroundings.

The incident with the Giant's Beacon had taught them a very important lesson. They might win the battle, but they would definitely lose the war if the Beacon had been activated successfully.

Fortunately, Elliot had smashed it at the cost of his life, preventing the Giant's from calling for reinforcements from their main force.

James wasn't being idle either. Gungnir reaped the lives of every giant that the All Father had set his sights on.  

With its supernatural precision, and James incredible strength, it was similar to a Railgun that pierced the giant's heads like a bullet going through a watermelon with ease.

Some of the giants died not knowing how they died. That was how deadly Gungnir was in the hands of James, whose strength had reached the peak of a Demigod.  

When the last Giant died at Malacai's hand, James, along with the warriors of Asgard, went to Avalon to have a discussion with the Dracolich.

Ella, on the other hand, returned to the Kyrintor Mountains along with her wards. Her existence was a sensitive issue, and she didn't want others to find out who she was.  

James was probably the only one who had an inkling of who she was, but even he was not a hundred percent certain about it.  

In order to prevent the old coot from confirming his guess, Ella decided that it was better to leave as soon as possible.

She had already done her part to give William, and his herd, a bit more time to grow.  

The Half-Elf's adoptive mother was confident that James would be able to handle things even if she wasn't around.  

'I think it's about time I go to the Central Continent,' Ella mused.. 'I miss Will terribly.'







Chapter 744

In a clearing inside a forest near the Capital City of Orion…

Rebecca's clothes were soaked with sweat as she knelt in the center of a magic circle.

She had been maintaining that flow of energy so that the portal that connected to the void wouldn't close. This required an extensive amount of concentration and magical power, which Rebecca possessed.

Suddenly, a blue bird materialized in front of her.

It was other than Meredith, that had returned from the battlefield. After the Giants had been defeated, it had slipped out of the battle undetected, and returned to where Rebecca was.

"Where are Elliot and Chloee?" Rebecca asked as she looked at the Guardian of the Savadeen Mountains with exhaustion.

"Dead," Meredith replied. "You can close the portal now."

As if she was given a royal pardon, Rebecca sighed in relief as she stopped channeling her magical energy into the formation that was etched around the clearing.

As soon as she stopped feeding the magical array with her mana, Rebecca felt light-headed and almost collapsed on the ground. Fortunately, Meredith was there to support her and prevented her from losing consciousness.

After giving her a few minutes to catch her breath, Meredith explained everything that happened in the Void, which made Rebecca gasp in disbelief.  

She couldn't believe that the Angelic Familiar had dragged her and Meredith along to participate in a war that had the Fate of the world at stake.  

"What should we do next?" Rebecca asked. Since the battle had ended, and Elliot had died, she was unsure about how to proceed.

Meredith glanced in the direction of Hestia Academy before shifting her gaze back to Rebecca.  

"Let's go back to the Misty Sect," Meredith replied. "I will inform them of what happened here, so they can also make the necessary preparations."

Rebecca frowned, "Preparations for what? Isn't it already over?"  

Meredith chuckled before shaking its head.

"Over?" Meredith sighed. After seeing the battle in the Void, it knew that the future would be filled with hardships."No Rebecca. It's not over yet. Come, let us go back. Is it time for the Misty Sect to prepare for war."

—–

William clutched his chest with his right hand as he sensed Elliot's demise. This was not the first time he had felt this sensation, because his Angelic Familiar had died several times when he had taken them to the Dungeon of Atlantis to train.

Even so, it was a very painful feeling.  

Elliot was not an ordinary familiar. He was part of William's soul. Everytime Elliot and Conan died, William felt that his soul was being torn apart.

Fortunately, this painful feeling would go away after an hour or two.  

Seeing his pained expression, Princess Sidonie and Chiffon hurriedly supported his body. They didn't know what happened to William because the latter had his eyes closed, and beads of sweat had started to form on his forehead.

"Will, are you alright?" Chiffon asked.  

Princess Sidonie eyed William's expression and rubbed his back with her hand. "What happened?"

William took in a few deep breaths before he answered his wives' questions.  

"Elliot died," William answered. "I don't know how he died. I just know that he did."

Before Elliot left the academy, he had told William that he might be gone for a few days to accompany Chloee on her excursion. William didn't think much of it back then and allowed his Angelic Familiar to have his way.

Chloee was strong, so he wasn't worried about Elliot's safety. He was more worried that his skirt-chasing familiar would offend his Sixth Master and get punched to oblivion.  

Suddenly, a green blur appeared in front of William.  

A beautiful Elf, with fairy-like wings spread wide behind her back, looked at William with a serious expression on her face.

"Did Elliot die?" Celeste asked. There was a hint of anxiousness in her voice as she waited for William to answer her question.

William nodded. "Yes. He went with Chloee on an excursion…"

Celeste didn't give William a chance to finish his sentence, and told him about Chloee's death.

"Both Chloee and Elliot are dead, but looking at our expressions, it seems that Elliot died before Chloee did," Celeste said after making a rational statement. "Chloee did mention that she would go sight-seeing for a few days, but she didn't tell me where she was going."

WIlliam frowned. "There are very few beings that can kill Chloee. Whoever killed both of them must be someone very strong."

Celeste nodded in agreement. Since Chloee was born, she had only died once. This was why the beautiful Elf knew that her familiar had died because it was the same sensation she had felt back then.  

However, just like William had said, there were very few beings that could threaten the life of her familiar. The only time that Chloee had died was when she challenged Tarasque in a duel a few years ago.  

"We'll know the answer we want after twenty four hours," William commented. "I just hope that they didn't offend someone who bears grudges."

Chloee's twin, Claire, had canceled her fusion with Celeste and landed on the beautiful Elf's shoulder.

"Whoever killed my sister will pay with their life," Claire said in a voice laced with killing intent. The moody familiar only cared for two people in the world, and they were Celeste and her twin sister, Chloee.

"Don't worry," Celeste coaxed the little fairy whose body was shivering from anger. "We will get to the bottom of this tomorrow. For now, all we can do is wait."

William's and Celeste's gaze met and a sudden realization appeared on their faces.  

Both of them looked up at the sky at the same time, and extended their senses.  

The rumbling sounds, and the flashes of light in the heavens were not as pronounced as they once had been. Just like a rain that was about to end, only a faint drizzle remained.

Clearly, the battle that was being waged through the Heavens was nearing a conclusion, and yet, no one knew which side had won.

William's reason for leaving his room was to visit Shannon in the Shrine. But now, he was no longer in the mood to do so.  

He focused his gaze on the heavens as if trying to peer through the fabric of time and space. Unfortunately, he didn't have that ability to do that, so he could only sigh in his heart as he watched the flickering lights in the sky, whose brightness was getting dimmer with each minute that passed.

—–

Inside the Shrine located at the East of Hestia Academy…

Shannon's brush danced across the canvas.  

Although her gaze was locked on the canvass in front of her, she wasn't looking at her creation, but at something else entirely.  

Her eyes glowed with power as she watched the event that was happening in the Passage of the Worlds.

She watched Malacai's selflessness, Ella's elegance, James' act of vengeance, as well as Elliot's and Chloee's participation in the war.  

Shannon had caught all of these events on the three canvases that surrounded her. The first canvas was the beginning of the war, the second was the climax, and the third was the ending.  

Right now, she was painting the end of the war. Her brush was moving automatically like it had a life of its own.  

Shannon sighed, as she made the final stroke on her masterpiece.  

She panted for breath as the excitement and rush of adrenaline dissipated in her body. Her face was flushed as she bathed in the afterglow of the battle that had just ended.  

"Beautiful," Shannon said as she caught her breath. "Simply beautiful."

Her finger lightly caressed Malacai's, Ella's, James', Elliot's, and Chloee's images in the canvas as if she was trying to touch her favorite idols.  

"It is quite unfortunate that the world will not end today," Shannon muttered. "I wish it had. That way, all of my suffering would also come to an end."

The young lady who was wearing the clothes of a shrine maiden glanced at her three paintings one last time. After embedding their images in her memory, she waved her hand and all three paintings were bathed in purple flames.

The stench of burning paint spread inside the room, but Shannon was indifferent to it. Clearly, this wasn't the first time that this had happened and she was already used to it.

Suddenly, the window of her room opened, and a refreshing breeze passed through her body. Half a minute later, the smell of burning was gone, and was replaced by a fragrance that could calm the mind of those who smell it.

The lady wearing a celestial robe appeared behind Shannon and patted her head. Shannon sighed in pleasure, and she even leaned her back against the lady behind her, like a spoiled child wanting to be pampered.

"Will my visitors still come today?" Shannon asked sleepily. "I don't want to meet anyone today. I'm tired and want to sleep."

"Okay, I will tell the guards to not let anyone in today," the lady replied as she helped Shannon to stand.

Shannon didn't reply because she was already fast asleep. It was very taxing for her to use her powers, but she still did it because she wanted to see the outcome of the battle.

She was like one of those people who scrimped and saved so they could barely afford to buy a movie ticket for a movie that they knew they would only ever get the opportunity to see once in their lifetime.

The beautiful lady who was holding the young shrine maiden in her arms sighed. She then carried the sleeping Shannon back to her room, and laid her in bed so she could get a proper rest.  

"Today is a day that will be remembered by many as the day where a battle was fought in the Heavens," the beautiful lady said softly. "The outside threat has been dealt with for now, but the internal struggles are just about to begin."

The lady sighed as she walked out of Shannon's bedroom with a sad expression on her face. She gave the sleeping lady one last look before she erased all traces of what had transpired inside her room.

After that was done, she gazed somewhere in the distance. After finding her target, she stared at that person for a minute, or two, before shaking her head in helplessness.  

"Pitiful Prince who did nothing wrong, your Fate has been set since the day you were born," the beautiful lady muttered as her body slowly turned into particles of light. "Through the whims of the universe, you were once again reborn, to be played with by Destiny… you will laugh at it in scorn."

A playful chuckle was carried by the wind, as if to agree to the lady's muttering.  

"It might take a year. It might take a day," a voice filled with certainty said from a place that was shrouded in darkness, "but what's meant to be… will always find its way."

—-

End of Volume 5: Battle Through The Heavens







Chapter 745

A day had passed since the Heavenly Phenomenon had shocked the entire world.  

When the cooldown of the Familiar summoning ended, William immediately summoned Elliot to ask him how he died. Celeste was also there because there was still half an hour before Chloee could be summoned as well.

Just like William, she also wanted to get to the bottom of things, and find out the reason behind why the two familiars died during their excursion.

Elliot scratched the back of his head as William and Celeste stared at him with serious expressions.  

"This might be a bit embarrassing to say, but Chloee and I died when we ate a strange mushroom during our journey," Elliot replied in an awkward tone. "When we found out that it was poisonous, it was already too late. Since I am weaker than Chloee, I died first. She probably died some time later."

William and Celeste looked at Elliot with doubtful expressions on their faces. They couldn't believe that the two Familiars died just because they ate a mushroom.

"What does the mushroom look like?" William asked.  

"A pure white mushroom," Elliot replied in a heartbeat. "It is as big as a man's head and looks very delicious. Chloee and I grilled a few and ate them. At first, we didn't feel anything. However, once we resumed our journey, we experienced extreme chest, and abdominal pains."

Celeste, who was listening in Elliot's description, frowned.

"You said it was pure white mushrooms, right?" Celeste inquired. "Do they have other noticeable features?"

Elliot shook his head. "They are just pure white mushrooms. They're just like those mushrooms being sold at the marketplace in the City of Orion. The only difference is that this one is bigger. Just as big as an adult human's head."

Celeste nodded her head.

"I guess they must have accidentally eaten the White Death Cap Mushroom," Celeste said as she glanced at William. "They share a lot of similarities with edible mushrooms. The only difference is that they are bigger. Although I know that Chloee would often pick up random things to eat during her travels, I didn't expect her to die eating a mushroom."

William crossed his arms over his chest as he stared at the embarrassed looking familiar in front of him. Elliot had always had that confident look on his face, but now, the Familiar was blushing in shame and embarrassment.

"Kekeke! To think that you would die because of a mushroom. How funny!" Conan laughed out loud as he patted Elliot's shoulder.  

Elliot scratched his head, "Yes. It was a very embarrassing way to die. It will not happen again."

After asking Elliot a few more questions, Celeste left and returned to her quarters. She wanted to interrogate Chloee and see if her statement would match Elliot's. That was the only way to confirm whether the Angelic Familiar was saying the truth or not.

Half an hour later, Chloee was summoned, and she said similar things to what Elliot had said. After this, William and Celeste warned both Familiars to not eat random things again when they go out on an excursion.

—–

A few hours later…

Elliot, and Chloee secretly met up in the City of Orion.

The Angelic Familiar asked about everything that happened after he died. Unfortunately, Chloee had been too busy fighting with Araznir that she didn't pay attention to the other battles around her.  

"I guess since nothing has happened, they successfully eliminated all of the Giants," Elliot said while rubbing his chin.

"Will they be back?" Chloee asked. Although she liked fighting, this was one of the rare occasions when she hoped that she wouldn't have to fight a Giant Demigod again.  

Elliot nodded his head with certainty, but he also told her that he didn't know when they would be back. All he could tell Chloee was that they would at least have a year or two of peace.  

"I think we should tell Celeste about this," Chloee commented after a while. "She can warn the Headmaster about it, and that old Byron can make preparations for the giants' return."

Elliot smiled, "There's no need for you to do that. I'm sure that the Headmaster is also aware of the threat of invaders coming to our world. If he has the means to travel to the void, I'm sure that he might have also been there during the battle."

"Ah! That reminds me. How did you know about this? Also, why were we able to go to the void?"

"I have the power of clairvoyance. Also, not everyone can travel to the void. It requires a very powerful artifact or magical power to enter the Passage of the Worlds. The reason why You, I, and Meredith, were able to go there is because our bodies are made up of Magical Energies.

"With the right frequency, we can appear in the Void as long as we have an anchor supporting us in this world."

Elliot knew that Chloee needed an explanation, so he answered her to the best of his abilities.

"So, that girl, Rebecca, became our anchor point, correct?" Chloee inquired.

Elliot nodded his head. "She needed to keep the connection open so that, even if we died, our essences would return back here to Hestia. If there was no connection between this world and the void, our magical energies might have been stuck there and our Masters wouldn't be able to summon us again."

"I see! So, that's why. Now I understand!"

"Do you really understand?"

"No! But, it's fine!" Chloee replied with a smile. "Didn't we win? As long as we won, nothing else matters! Ah! I almost forgot! What was Will's grandfather doing there as well? I saw him back at the Misty Sect…"

Elliot scratched his head as he started to explain how James appeared in the Passage of the Worlds.

"Do you remember that rainbow-glowing bridge that you smashed in Asgard?" Elliot inquired.

Chloee tilted her head in confusion. "Um? Are you talking about that low-budgeted bridge that crumbled from a single punch?"

Elliot's face twitched because Chloee was the only one that would say that the Bifrost Bridge was a low-budgeted bridge. However, in order to not complicate things, he decided to ride along and nodded his head.

"The Bifrost Bridge can allow someone to travel anywhere, as long as Grandpa James wills it," Elliot explained. "Just think of it as a teleportation Gate that he can use to travel the world, anytime, anywhere."

"What? That bridge is that good? I should have brought it back to the academy with me!"

"Remind me later to tell William to ban you from the Floor of Asgard. You should really curb that hobby of yours to smash things that catch your fancy."

While the two Familiars were having a casual talk, an Elven Ship docked at the port of the City of Orion.

"So, that is Hestia Academy," Princess Eowyn said as she gazed at the massive floating academy in the distance.  

Pearl was already at the dock and had been waiting for an hour for the Princess to arrive. Her task was to become the Elven Princess' bodyguard while she studied in the academy to learn more about Human nature.

The last surviving Blademaster and several of the Princess' attendants, who protected her in the Southern Continent, had reported everything that had happened to their King.

After hearing their stories, the Elven King decided to let his daughter study at the prestigious Hestia Academy, in order to cure her naivety about how the Human world works. He hoped that after spending more time in the Human world, the Princess would be able to better understand the complex world of Humans.

—–

In an inn inside the City of Orion…

"Dear, you were amazing last night," a beautiful lady, with blonde hair and green eyes, said before she kissed Owen's cheek.  

"I know," Owen replied as he returned his wife's kiss. "Aila must be in the academy by now. Should we return to Lont, or should we go to the Tower of Babylon?"

"Yes, Aila successfully enrolled at the academy yesterday. She has also moved into the girls' dormitory," the blonde beauty said as she looked at her husband with an affectionate gaze. "As for whether we should go back in Lont or go to the Tower of Babylon, any place is good, as long as you are there."

She had been captivated by Owen many years ago when he had saved her from bandits.  

Her family had a special bloodline that was able to see past the appearances of people, so even though Owen looked old on the outside, she was able to see the handsome young man for who he truly was.

She had fallen in love at first sight with him, and decided to become his wife, which surprised all the old people of Lont, including James who was Owen's liege at that time.

The handsome young man with platinum blonde hair held his wife, Sarah, and pulled her close to him. Right after the battle ended, he returned to the Bifrost Bridge alone, in order to spend some time with his wife.  

Every year, they would go on a honeymoon by traveling away from Lont for a month or two. This time, Owen decided to take his Disciple, Princess Aila—the Third Princess of the Zelan Dynasty—to the Central Continent with them to gain some experience.

Their first stop was the Tower of Babylon where William and James had journeyed earlier.  

When Princess Aila's brother, Crown Prince Alaric, heard that his sister was going to the Central Continent, he immediately gave her a mission and that was to become one of William's lovers!

The angelic looking Princess almost died from embarrassment after reading her Big Brother's letter. However, Alaric had pointed out that William was their Dynasty's Savior and Benefactor, so it was only natural for one of the members of the Royal Family to form stronger ties through marriage.

Just like the Kraetor Empire, the Zelan Dynasty also had its own culture and traditions. The Princesses had been taught at an early age that their existence was to protect the interest of the Royal Family, so they were all prepared to be used as tools for marriage in order to expand the Zelan Dynasty's influence.

This was why Princess Aila had no choice when she was taken to the Kyrintor Mountains to be married off to the Tribe Chieftain's second son, Connal.  

Although Princess Aila felt embarrassed by the mission given to her, she had a very good impression of William.

William had saved her once in the Kyrintor Mountains, and had also been there to help fight against the Elves during the war in the Southern Continent.

In Princess Aila's life, William was a hero. The red-headed teenager might not be a Prince, but he was the most sought after candidate by all the Princesses in the world of Hestia.

She would be lying if she said that she didn't have any feelings for the Half-Elf who had been a regular visitor to her sweetest dreams.

Princess Aila didn't hide anything from Owen and told him about the plans of the Zelan Royal Family.

Owen wasn't too surprised about the Royal Family's move because he was once a citizen of the Zelan Dynasty.  

Although he didn't know if his shy disciple had a chance to worm her way to William's heart, as her Master, Owen decided to support her decision.  

'I don't know if you are lucky or unlucky, Will,' Owen thought as he hugged his beloved wife. 'Being loved by many women is good, but I don't think your stamina will last. Fortunately, my Disciple is a powerful healer. Marrying her will certainly help you, and Little Will, reach your peak performance every night.'

Owen sighed as he held his wife in a protective embrace. 'I guess I should write a letter to Will and tell him to take good care of Aila. As for their matchmaking… I'll just go to the Tower of Babylon and let James handle the rest. Knowing him, I'm sure that he will be more than happy to accept another beautiful lady as his grandson's future wife in order to expand his lineage.'

He had no qualms about William's character. In fact, Owen would be hard pressed to find someone more worthy of his Disciple than William.. His only gripe was that the old coot, James, would certainly be roaring with laughter after he found out that Owen's precious Disciple had fallen into the Half-Elf's hands.







Chapter 746

William stared in disbelief at the three beauties that were standing at the front of their classroom.  

He knew all three of them and, with the exception of Pearl, William was surprised by the two other ladies that were present inside his classroom.

'What a small world,' William thought as his eyes wandered to the three beauties in front of him.

He was acquainted with all three, but only Princess Aila and him were on good terms.  

The Half-Elf had also admired how the Princess had fought alongside her Big Brother, Crown Prince Alaric, during the battle in the Southern Continent.  

There were very few healers on the battlefield, and the Princess' face was a common sight at the places where the injured people were gathered.

Because of this, William had a very good impression of her.

As for Princess Eowyn and Pearl, the Half-Elf wasn't too interested in the two of them. For him, the Elves were trouble. The only good Elves in his opinion were his mother, Arwen, and his ex-roommate, Kenneth.  

Everyone else was a stranger, and William didn't give a hoot about what they did with their lives.

"Today is your lucky day everyone, especially the boys," Professor Garen said with a smile.  

His comment was greeted with cheers and applause by the boys who were looking at the three beauties with infatuated gazes.

"Two Elven beauties! It's very rare to see them here in the academy."

"I think I'm in love!"

"Me, too!"

"Me, three!"

"Bruh, you fall in love with every beautiful girl you see. Have you forgotten that you still have the face of sardine?"

The class became very excited, but Professor Garen managed to calm them down before they got out of hand.

"Okay, can you girls introduce yourselves to the class," Professor Garen smiled as he made a gesture. "I'm sure that all of them are dying to know your names."

Princess Eowyn stepped forward and made a curtsy, "Eowyn Elbereth Nienna. Please, just call me Eowyn. It is my pleasure to meet all of you."

The beautiful Elf didn't want the others to know that she was an Elven Princess. Although she didn't mind introducing herself as such, she deemed that it would be best if the others didn't treat her as royalty.  

That way, she would be able to get to know them better and talk to them as equals.

After introducing herself, she took a step back and allowed Pearl to introduce herself as well.

"Pearl McLean," Pearl said. "Call me, Pearl."

She took a step back without another word and stood beside the Princess that she was tasked to guard with her life.

Princess Aila took a deep breath and stepped forward.

"My name is Aila Sol Zelan," Princess Aila said. "I would be very happy if all of you called me Aila."

The boys clapped their hands, and some of them even whistled after the three girls had introduced themselves.  

People liked to look at good looking girls, even the ladies of the class weren't an exception. Elves were an excotic race and known for their beauty. However, Princess Aila's angelic face looked so pure and innocent that the boys couldn't stop themselves from looking at her like she was someone they needed to protect no matter what.

When William arrived in the classroom, he was surprised to see that a few more desks and chairs had been placed behind their own desk and chairs.

Now, he understood their purpose.

The three new students sat behind William's group, which didn't come as a surprise to the Half-Elf. He even thought that this arrangement was pretty uncanny and believed that the Academy's Headmaster, Byron, had a role to play in this.

Still, there was nothing he could do about it.  

He could only sigh in his heart because he felt that the Headmaster was targeting him specifically, after they had their confrontation on Antilia Island.  

He turned his head, just in time to catch Princess Aila staring at him. Their two gazes met and the angelic princess immediately averted her eyes in embarrassment.

A second later, a reddish hue crawled up from the base of her neck, up to the tip of her ears. The boys that saw this immediately glared at William and made him their public enemy number one.

Bruh, you already have two beautiful wives, give us a chance dammit!

William didn't hide the fact that he was already married to his classmates in order to deter the ladies who were giving him bashful gazes on his first day of class. After seeing Princess Sidonie and Chiffon, most of the ladies backed out because they felt that they couldn't compare to William's wives.

The boys also felt at ease because they had one less rival when it came to wooing the beautiful ladies in their class.

The Elves were indeed beautiful, but the students knew that they preferred to have a relationship with their own race. In their eyes, Princess Eoywn and Pearl were just eye candies that they could look at, but never touch.

Princess Aila, on the other hand, was a different matter. Although she didn't introduce herself as a Princess, her angelic features were more than enough to win the boys' hearts.

"How is that old pervert, Owen?" William asked in a teasing tone. For some reason, he felt like bullying the blushing girl who was doing her best to pretend that the staring incident didn't happen.

"Master isn't a pervert," Princess Aila raised her head to defend her Master. Although her face was still beet-red from embarrassment, she would not allow anyone to slander the kind old man that had taught her how to become a Life Magician.

William chuckled and nodded. "Sorry, It has been so long since I've seen you and I suddenly got the urge to tease you."

"Sir William, you're such a bully."

"Sorry. I'll do my best so that it won't happen again."

Princess Eowyn kept her gaze in front of the class, but her ears were focusing on William's conversation with the girl seated beside her.  

She was already aware that William and Princess Aila knew of each other. She even hoped that Princess Aila could help her get close to William, so that she could apologize for what happened back in the Southern Continent.

Although she was a Princess, her authority in the expedition was not enough to overturn the general situation. She was merely a supervisor, and the Elves only gave her face because of her lineage.

Princess Eowyn had already expected that William wouldn't treat her kindly, but she still felt bitter at the cold treatment that the Half-Elf was giving her. Even so, she endured it.  

She knew that the two of them couldn't instantly become friends, after what had transpired in the Southern Continent.

The best she could do was close the gap little by little, and try to win the forgiveness of her Master's son.  

Lady Arwen had assured her Second Disciple that, although William was the type to hold grudges, he was also capable of forgiving others.  

Princess Eowyn didn't expect to see William at the academy, but she deemed that this was the workings of Fate in order for her to atone for the sins that she had done in the past.

Pearl, on the other hand, was giving side-glances to the Half-Elf who had abducted her little sister.  

She still hadn't forgotten that William had summoned his subordinates to attack her. Since then, Pearl knew that there was no way that she could beat William in a head-on confrontation.

For now, she was willing to wait.

Waiting for the perfect opportunity to arise when she could negotiate with the Half-Elf, and set her sister free from his control, once and for all.







Chapter 747

Two days passed since Princess Eowyn, Pearl, and Princess Aila joined William's Class in Hestia Academy.

The three girls had easily become good friends with their new classmates, especially the boys who were simping so hard for them.

As William was about to leave the classroom, he made sure to look at these boys in disdain, while the boys looked back at him in contempt.

The Half-Elf gave his classmates the "Please, I'm already married. I'm not like you single boys who are desperate for women" gaze, while the boys in his class gave him the "You're already married and you're still fighting us for the beautiful girls' affection? Go home and hug your wives and leave us singles alone dammit!" glare.

William could only shake his head at these desperate creatures, and left the class in order to handle important business.

Kenneth wanted to follow William, but he had also been given the duty of looking after Princess Eowyn during her stay in the academy. For the time being, the silver-haired Elf decided to accompany the Princess until she got used to the academy life.

William wouldn't be going anywhere anytime soon, so Kenneth decided to ensure that no incidents happened to the Elven Princess, who was studying in the Human lands for the first time in her life.

"Sir William!" a voice called out from behind the Half-Elf and the latter turned his head to look at who it was.

"Aila." William smiled when he saw the familiar figure running after him. The latter had told him to keep her identity a secret. Since this was the case, the red-headed teenager decided to call her by her first name. She was Owen's disciple, and the perverted old man had treated him well in Lont.  

Even if the latter didn't send him the letter telling him to take care of Aila, the Half-Elf was more than happy to look after a comrade that had fought with him during the war in the Southern Continent.  

"What's wrong? Did any of the boys in class bully you? Tell me their names, and I'll make sure to hang them upside down in front of the girl's dormitory without their clothes on."

Princess Aila's face reddened when she heard William's words. She immediately shook her head, to tell the Half-Elf that he was mistaken.

"Our classmates treat me very well," Princess Aila said. "It's just that, I still don't know much about the Academy. Can you give me a tour?"

Princess Aila had asked Owen's wife, Sarah, about how she could form a close relationship with William in the academy.  

Sarah was also a very talented young lady, and even though she wasn't considered a genius, she was still one of the best in her class when she was still studying in the Zelan Royal Academy. Because of this, she was aware of how the noble ladies of the kingdom tried to bridge the gap between the boys whom they were attracted to.

Sarah had given Princess Aila several tips, and the princess decided to use one of them to break the ice between her and William.

"I'd love to give you a tour," William replied, "but, I have business to handle today. How about I refer you to someone trustworthy?"

William raised his hand and a magic circle formed in the air.

"Conan, I choose you!"

The Devil Familiar materialized and hastily looked around him. Clearly, he was in the lookout of a certain little fairy who was hell bent to perform physical examinations on him.

"Did Claire already leave the academy to do a mission?" Conan asked.  

William shook his head. "Don't worry. She's with Professor Celeste right now. I am just about to meet with her in order to unlock the last stage of the Familiamancer Job Class."

Conan hit the palm of his hand with his fist as if coming to a realization.  

"Kekeke. It's about time," Conan commented. He looked very happy at the prospect of becoming more powerful. "Hurry up, Will. I want to be stronger. I don't want to get bullied by Claire anymore."

William sighed as he lightly flicked Conan's head. The latter immediately cried out in pain as he held his forehead.

"You're a man so you mustn't let yourself get bullied by girls," William stated.  

Conan rubbed his forehead and stared at William with an expression suffering from injustice.

"That's easy for you to say," Conan replied. "If you're so confident about yourself, why don't you have another sparring match with Chloee?"

William lightly coughed as he averted his gaze.

Spar with Chloee? Why would I have a spar with that cheater?  

Not happening!

The Half-Elf didn't even want to provoke his Sixth Master because he was truly afraid that the little violent girl would ask him to fight him for a round.  

Chloee was someone who didn't understand moderation. William knew for certainty that he might die if his Sixth Master got carried away during their sparring match.

Seeing that William didn't have the guts to prove his strength, Conan snorted at him in contempt.

"Well, why did you summon me then?" Conan asked as he crossed his arms over his chest.  

"It's about this…," William explained the situation, and Conan nodded his head in understanding.

Since he was born from William's soul, he also shared his memories. He knew who Aila was, and just like William, the Devil Familiar had a good impression of her.

"Okay, I'll give her a tour of the academy," Conan replied as he patted his chest with confidence. "You can count on me, but you have to keep Claire away from me, okay? I swear she's more violent than Chloee when it comes to me."

William agreed. "Okay."

The Half-Elf then turned to Aila and introduced Conan to her. The princess of the Zelan Dynasty looked at the little familiar with great curiosity.  

"So cute," Aila said as her hand unconsciously reached out to hold Conan.

Conan didn't feel any threat coming from Aila, so he allowed himself to be grabbed by her. The Princess then happily patted Devil Familiar's head like some kind of a pet, which made William smirk.

"I will be going now. Conan, make sure that nothing bad happens to Aila, okay?" William looked at his Familiar with a serious expression on his face. "If any bastard tries to do something bad to her, I give you permission to beat them silly."

"Kekeke, this is only natural," Conan replied before looking at Aila with an expression of discomfort. "Um, Aila, can you not squeeze my body? I am not a toy, you know?"

"I'm sorry, Sir Conan," Aila replied as she looked at the little guy in her hands. "For some reason, holding you feels so nice."

"Really?"

"Yes. I don't know why, but holding you makes me feel at ease."

Conan tilted his head in confusion. 'Is this the reason why Claire likes to touch me all over?'

The Devil Familiar didn't know if he really did have this kind of effect on other people or not. William's interest was piqued by Aila's comment, but he really had things to do, so he left the two behind and headed towards Celeste's office located on the North Side of the Academy.

It was now time for his Familiamancer Job Class to upgrade to the Familiamancer Sovereign, which would allow him to unlock new features for his two Familiars, who would soon be able to step into the Millennial Rank.







Chapter 748

"So, you've finally found some time to see me," Celeste said as she glanced at William. She was reading a book when the Half-Elf came to visit her, and judging from her voice, she wasn't very pleased.

William lightly coughed as he sat on a chair. He then looked at Celeste with an innocent expression on his face. "Sorry, Professor, I completely forgot about it because of the Phenomenon in the sky and Elliot's death"

Celeste snorted as she closed the book in her hand. She gave William a contemptuous look before setting her book to the side. The beautiful elf didn't want to admit it, but she had been waiting for William to find her and ask how to advance his profession for quite some time now.

"Since you're already here, let's not waste each other's time and discuss the details of your ascension." Celeste waved her hand and a golden beam of light shot towards the center of William's forehead.

Soon, a projection appeared between the two of them.

In it was a tablet where several runes were written in an ancient language. Celeste read the information with great interest.

William, who had no idea what the words written in the tablet were, asked the System to translate it for him. Optimus had already researched all the languages in Hestia. This was why it was not a problem for William to understand the meaning behind written words, even those that came from Ancient Texts.

—–

< Ascension Requirements >

< Dungeon Core Essence >

< The Dungeon must have Sixty Floors and Above. Anything below Sixty Floors will not activate the Ascension Requirement. >

—–

'Dungeon Core Essence?' William tilted his head. 'Optimus, what is a Dungeon Core Essence?'

< The Dungeon Core Essence is a type of energy that can only be extracted from Dungeon Cores. You can think of it as the Dungeon Core's Mana. Extracting all of it will cause the dungeon to stop spawning monsters.  

Although the Dungeon will not die, it will need a few years before it starts to function like a proper Dungeon again. >

William nodded his head in understanding. He then realized that this requirement must be due to Elliot and Conan being born from the two dungeon cores that he had absorbed in the past, as well as fragments of his soul.

'Since they were originally dungeon cores, they needed Dungeon Core Essence to become stronger,' William rubbed his chin.

Celeste, who had also finished reading the information, translated it for William. She didn't know that the Half-Elf was already aware of the requirements, and was merely thinking of ways to find a Dungeon that had Sixty Floors and above, in order to boost the power of his two Familiars.

William nodded his head after Celeste finished her explanation. This was his way of telling her that he was listening to what she was saying.

"Professor, I'm fairly new here in the Central Continent," William said. "Can you tell me where I can find Dungeons that have Sixty Floors or more?"

"You look very confident," Celeste commented after seeing that William didn't have any traces of worry on his face after hearing the requirements that were needed to raise the rank of his profession.

"As long as I'm not dealing with a Dungeon with a hundred floors, I believe I can manage. It's just sixty floors. No big deal."

"Well, I'm sure that compared to the Tower of Babylon, a Dungeon with Sixty Floors is just a walk in the park for you."

William only smiled at Celeste's comment and didn't say anything else. His thoughts then wandered to the two dungeons that he was familiar with.

'I won't be able to clear the Dungeon of Atlantis anytime soon,' William thought. 'The Mirage Caverns on the other hand is only fifty floors. This doesn't match the requirements needed to upgrade my profession.'

Before he left the Silverwind Academy, William had already cleared the Dungeon located at the City of Silverwind. The only problem was that the Mirage Caverns only had fifty floors. If the requirement was only a bit lower, he could easily travel towards the Kraetor Empire using his Prince of Thunder Job Class, and return to Hestia Academy using Soleil.

"Professor, do you know of any dungeons that meet the requirements needed to advance my profession?" William asked. "It doesn't matter if it's a bit far from the academy."

Even if William hadn't asked this question, Celeste would definitely give him the information he needed. For her, the Half-Elf was someone that had the ability to spread the Familiamancer Job Class to other people.

Although William wasn't her direct Disciple, the boy was the Disciple of her Familiar. Celeste wouldn't be petty enough to make things difficult for the red-headed teenager, especially now that the latter was serious in becoming a Familiamancer Sovereign.

"A week from now, the Academy will start giving out missions to its students," Celine replied after organizing her thoughts. "Some of these missions require rare items that can only be found in Dungeons. Since you are already a Third Year, you will be allowed to take on Class A Missions, which also include going to Dungeons that have Seventy Floors to gather materials."

Celine took out a scroll from her storage ring and passed it to William.  

"This scroll consists of a list of Dungeons that are accessible using the teleportation gates of the academy," Celeste explained. "Just pick one of them and return to me once you have completed your mission."

William grinned as he browsed the list of dungeons on the scroll. The information was quite detailed and it informed him of everything he needed to know about a particular dungeon.

"Thank you, Professor," William said. "But, do I really have to wait a week before I go to one of these dungeons?"

Celeste nodded. "The academy is very strict when it comes to expeditions. I'm not entirely certain, but I feel that the Headmaster holds a grudge against you. I'm sure that if you tried to go to one of these dungeons right now, he would use that as an excuse to punish you for breaking the rules of the academy.

"It will be best for you to just wait for a week, so that we can dodge this issue. For now, you can make your preparations for your dungeon expedition. Feel free to bring some of your classmates with you, so that they can earn Merit Points as well. A maximum of six members per party is allowed. It will be best to use this opportunity to form strong connections. You never know when you'll be able to use it."

William planned to dive in the Dungeon Solo in order to hasten up his journey. However, after hearing Celeste's words, he thought that it wouldn't be a bad idea if he brought those that were familiar to him on his expedition—like his Wives, Zhu, and Sha.

As long as they cleared the mission together, they would all get merit points, which they could exchange in the academy for items.

After thanking Celeste, William went to look for his wives. He wanted to visit Shannon a few more times, before he left the academy to do his ascension quest.  

It didn't take long before William saw Princess Sidonie, Chiffon, and Ian in the garden of the academy. Ian had informed him that they were having a meeting in one of the Gazebos in the garden.

William followed Ian's direction and found his three wives waiting for him. There were a few baskets, filled with cookies and cakes on the table. Clearly, the three were enjoying an afternoon snack, and the Half-Elf happily joined them.

"Will, there is something that we need to tell you," Princess Sidonie said. "Even now, we still haven't figured out the Sin that Shannon bears."

"Really?" William was quite surprised because he thought that it would be very easy for the Seven Sins to know what Shannon's Divinity was.  

"I also consulted with Kenneth and Lilith, but the two of them share the same opinion," Princess Sidonie explained. "They can't identify Shannon's Divinity."

William rubbed his chin as he contemplated. For him, knowing Shannon's sin was crucial because it would allow him to find ways to counter her powers.  

Their brief encounter had left a deep impression on William.. If possible, he didn't want to faint every time he laid his eyes on the young lady, whose sad smile lingered in his memories.  







Chapter 749

Right after they finished their afternoon snack, Princess Sidonie and Chiffon accompanied William to the Eastern Shrine.  

They were about to do the experiment they had delayed a few days ago. William was hoping that merging with his wives would counter Shannon's Divinity and allow him to talk to her.  

He finally understood why Aamon made Shannon his last trial. The difficulty rating had spiked drastically, and one could tell that she was Final Boss Material.

The Guards allowed them to pass as if they were told of their coming beforehand. When the three arrived in front of Shannon's room, William kissed Chiffon and the little glutton transformed into particles of light, flying straight into the gem, embedded in William's chest.

Soon, a golden flame appeared on his forehead.  

He glanced at Princess Sidonie and nodded his head.

"Shannon, can we enter?" Princess Sidonie asked.  

A rustling sound was heard inside the room before a soul-stirring voice reached their ears.

"Come in," Shannon replied. "The door is open."

William frowned a bit because Shannon's voice had momentarily put him into a daze. Although it wasn't as bad as their first meeting, beads of sweat started to appear on the Half-Elf's forehead.

Princess Sidonie opened the door and stepped in first. William followed behind her with his head lowered.

Due to his strong senses, he was able to determine Shannon's location inside the room. He slowly raised his head, but he made sure that he only looked at her clothes, and not her face.

William decided that it would be best if he didn't rush things, and simply do his best to adapt to Shannon's presence.

They made two plans for this visit.  

The first plan was for William to actively talk to Shannon, and see if he could find out more about her.

The Second plan was for Princess Sidonie to do the talking, and he would just listen from the side, while trying to increase his resistance to Shannon's Divinity.

Although he didn't dare to see her face, he could see that the young lady was dressed as a shrine maiden. She was sitting on a chair and holding a brush in her left hand, just like he had seen during his last visit.

"Oh? This is quite interesting." Shannon's voice broke William's thoughts. "You've merged with one of my sisters? How did you do it? Can you tell me how you did it?"

William felt his world spin around him as he gritted his teeth. As if sensing that he needed help, Chiffon increased the output of her power, and the flame on William's forehead grew bigger

The Half-Elf swayed where he stood, but Princess Sidonie was there to support him. His surroundings were no longer spinning, and yet, he was feeling light-headed and nauseous.  

'Optimus, did you manage to record everything?'

< Yes. According to my calculations, Chiffon's Divinity has indeed increased your resistance against Shannon's Divinity. However, it is not enough to withstand the pressure from Shannon's power.

If I were to put it in simpler terms, right now, Chiffon is like an umbrella above your head that protects you from the rain. However, you're not dealing with a mere drizzle. You are dealing with a high-pressure water pump that is aimed directly at your body. >

William unconsciously wiped away the beads of sweat that were forming on his forehead as he listened to the System's explanation.

'Do you have any suggestions?' WIlliam inquired. It was very important for him to find a way to increase his resistance, or else, he would suffer the same fate every time he visited Shannon.

< Increase your Synchronization Rate with Chiffon, or Princess Sidonie. Right now, your Synchronization rate with Chiffon is at 40%. As for Princess Sidonie, your Synchronization rate with her is at 50%.  

If I were to make a bold guess, you will need at least a 70% Synchronization Rate with either of them in order to face Shannon without feeling like you want to puke your heart out. >

'I see, thank you.' William glanced at Princess Sidonie and shook his head.

This was their signal that he wasn't in the right state to continue being around Shannon.  

Princess Sidonie nodded and asked to be excused. Although they came to talk to the young lady dressed as a shrine maiden, her husband's safety was her top priority. She gave Shannon an apologetic gaze before leaving the room with William.

Shannon just smiled in understanding and nodded her head. She was still curious about how William was able to merge with one of her sisters, but looking at the Half-Elf's very pale expression, she knew that her guests would have to prematurely end their visit.

"Visit me anytime," Shannon said as she returned her attention to the canvas in front of her. "I will be looking forward to our next meeting."

—–

William leaned weakly against a tree. He had just vomited everything that he had eaten in the past few hours, and he was feeling marginally better.

Chiffon lightly rubbed his back in order to help him feel better. She felt a little sad that she wasn't able to help William resist Shannon's Divinity.  

However, William assured her that it wasn't her fault.  

"Don't worry, I finally figured out a way to cope with her powers," William said as he held Chiffon's hand. "After a month or two, I will be able to face her without any problems."

Chiffon looked at William with a hopeful expression. She had an unwavering trust in William. So she believed that her husband wasn't lying to her.

"How?" Princess Sidonie asked.  

William made a gesture for Princess Sidonie to come closer. He then whispered, in a volume that both girls would be able to hear, how the two of them could help him increase his synchronization rate with them at a steady pace.

Chiffon's face turned beet red, while Princess Sidonie had an expression that said "why didn't I think of that?".

"Will, I will do my best to help you," Chiffon said with a serious expression on her face. "I like it when you're gentle with me. However, you can be rough as well."

William chuckled as he patted Chiffon's head. Actually, his method works well with Princess Sidonie because it was in line with her Divinity.

As for Chiffon, while the Half-Elf could also increase their synchronization rate by making love with each other, it would be more effective if William just fed her something to eat.

Chiffon's Divinity was Gluttony. In order to increase her synchronization with William, he needed to feed her something with a high concentration of Magical or Spiritual Power.  

"Let's go, Darling," Morgana swapped with Princess Sidonie and held William's hand. She then half-dragged the Half-Elf towards the boy's dormitory room. "Time waits for no one. The sooner we do this, the sooner we can lift the curse from Est's, Ian's, and Isaac's bodies."

"I meant what I said, Will," Chiffon said as she held onto William's hand. "While I like it when you are being gentle to me, if it is really needed, you can be as rough as you want." Her face flushed to a red that was as red as a tomato, but her voice was very firm. "D-Don't worry. I can take it."

The corner of William's lips twitched because Morgana, and even Chiffon, seemed very enthusiastic about the prospect of increasing their synchronization rate with him.  

Even though he was happy that his wives were very eager to help him to the best of their abilities, he also felt helpless because he had to resort to this method in order to accomplish his mission.

However, William had long wondered what would happen if he achieved perfect synchronization rate with any one of his wives. According to Optimus, some abilities would be unlocked. William didn't know how strong those abilities were, but if they were as powerful as Princess Sidonie's charm ability at full power…

'Wouldn't that mean that I'd become a Pseudo-Deadly Sin as well?' William didn't know the answer to this question. Even someone like him, felt that the balance of the world would be broken, if he was able to wield the power of the Seven Deadly Sins, and unleash their full power without paying any kind of price.

With that line of thought, William pondered what he would need to do if he was going to raise his synchronization with the other sins like Sloth, Greed, Wrath, Pride, and Envy.

'I'd better not get ahead of myself,' William thought as he tossed the diabolical idea to the back of his mind. 'My hands are already full.'

William smiled as he looked at the two beauties that were firmly holding each of his hands.  

He wished, with all of his heart, that he and his lovers would be able to stay together for many more years to come.







Chapter 750

Three days after his second meeting with Shannon, William went to find Zhu and Sha.  

The two of them were two of his most trusted companions, and he planned to invite them to go with him to the Orc Dungeon when the Academy started their Quarterly Assessment Test for the students.

This was quite similar to what Silverwind Academy did when William was still studying under them.  

As students of Hestia Academy, all of the students were required to undertake missions that would benefit the lives of the people living in the Central Continent.

Some of these missions were Bandit Subjugation, Merchant Escorting Services, Exploration Quests, Investigations, Archeological Digging, Dungeon Expeditions, Harvesting rare materials, and many more.

The Founders of Hestia Academy didn't want to raise flowers inside greenhouses. They wanted to raise individuals that could, and would, contribute to the betterment of society as a whole.  

No one was exempt from this rule. Even the professors would usually take this opportunity to gain some Merit Points in the Academy in exchange for money or resources.

Also, this Quarterly Event had no restrictions when it came to forming groups.

Those in the upper years could even help the Freshmen in their missions.  

It was a good way to form strong connections, and this was greatly encouraged by the Academy.

The first person that William found was Zhu. However, the Half-Elf almost did a double take because he thought that he was just seeing things. Right now, the chubby young man had an impatient expression on his face, while being surrounded by beautiful women

"Ladies, can you please let me pass," Zhu said while frowning. "I need to find Sha. There is something I need to discuss with him."

"Lord Zhu, please stay with us for a bit," a cute girl held onto Zhu's right arm and looked up at him with a bashful expression. "We baked some cookies. Why don't you join us for an afternoon snack?"

"That's right, Lord Zhu," a pretty young lady who obviously came from a noble family held Zhu's left arm and hugged it tightly. "Please, join us for an afternoon snack. I promise that you will not regret it."

Her ample bosom pressed down on the chubby young man's arm. Clearly, she was doing her best to use her natural endowments to make Zhu accompany them.

Three more girls latched onto Zhu's body, giving him no chance to escape their grasps.

The frown on Zhu's face deepend. It was quite obvious that he had no interest in the beautiful young ladies that surrounded him.

Just as he was about to push them away, he noticed William who was looking at him with a big grin on his face.

"Will, don't just stand there, help me!" Zhu said as he called out to the Half-Elf who was leaning against a pillar.  

The girls turned their heads to look at William. Their gazes were saying "Don't take Lord Zhu from us or else…"  

William scratched the back of his head because he didn't know what to do in this situation. He never expected that Zhu was quite popular with the ladies, and this took him completely by surprise.

"Um, do you know where Sha is?" William asked. "There's something that I need to ask him."

"Sha? He might be in the library," Zhu replied. "He likes to know more about this worl– I mean, the Central Continent and the other Continents surrounding it. There is a high chance that you will find him there."

"Thanks!"

"O-Oi! Don't leave me here!"

William ignored Zhu's calls for help and hurriedly left towards the library. He might be strong enough to fight Saints now, but he would never attack a group of girls, who were looking at Zhu with hearts in their eyes.

He simply offered a prayer for Zhu's well being in his heart.

Several minutes later, William arrived at the Library.

This was a very huge building where books that hailed from all over the world were gathered in order to help educate the young men and women of the next generation.

It didn't take long for William to find Sha because Optimus was able to detect all of his allies on the map.  

The scholarly young man was seated on a table, surrounded by many books. There were also maps that were laid out on the table, and he glanced at them from time to time as if using them as reference.

Right next to him was a cold beauty with long black hair. She was leaning on Sha's back and saying a few things, while pointing at the map in front of them.

William couldn't help but think that his two friends were experiencing the Academy life that many single people would practically kill for.

Just as William was thinking whether he should disturb the atmosphere of the two, Sha raised his head and glanced at William's direction.

"Will, do you need me for something?" Sha asked with a smile.  

The beautiful lady then glanced at William before whispering something in Sha's ear.  

Not long after, she took out a pair of glasses from her pocket and wore them. She then gave Wiliam a brief nod before walking towards the desk that was reserved for the assistant librarians who managed the entire Library.

The girl's friend giggled as the black-haired beauty sat back on her chair. The beautiful librarian was still on duty, but she would almost always be with Sha whenever he appeared in the library.  

Her friends didn't mind taking over her spot for a little while, because she was still doing her job to help people in the library.

"You and Zhu are good," William commented as he sat beside Sha. "Who is that lady? Is she your girlfriend?"

Sha shook his head. "Her name is Hazel and she is an assistant librarian. She often helps me find books about the Empires in the Central Continent. She's quite knowledgeable and I am grateful for her help."

"Is that all?" William asked in a teasing tone. "Don't tell me you're not one of those dense protagonists that have no idea when a girl likes them?"

Sha shook his head for the second time before giving William the "you know what my true form is like" stare, which made the Half-Elf chuckle.

"You're so outdated, Sha," William commented. "Even Demons can form relationships with humans. Just look at my wife, Chiffon. Her mother is a dwarf, and her father is a bastard that I will punch to oblivion once I visit the Demonic Continent."

Sha didn't want to talk about Hazel, so he pressed William for his reason in looking for him.

"I wanted to talk to you and Zhu about the Quarterly Event that is going to happen in a few days," William said. "Zhu was surrounded by beautiful ladies earlier, so I didn't have the opportunity to talk to him. However, do the two of you have any plans for the Quarterly Assessment?"  

Sha shook his head "Actually, I was also about to look for you in order to discuss this Academy-wide event. We came here to repay you for our freedom. You only need to say the word and we will be there to help you with anything."

William felt touched because he could feel Sha's sincerity. When he paid for their freedom, he didn't even think of anything in return. This was why he was pleasantly surprised when he saw his two friends in the Misty Sect, along with Sun Wukong, for their Founding Day celebrations.

"Sha, I don't want you and Zhu to feel indebted to me," William said. "Friends don't need debts between them. I did what I did because I was the one that was indebted to the two of you. If you didn't help me back in the Heavenly Domain, I would have never been able to pass through the Gate."

Sha remained silent because he knew that William truly felt that way about them. Since that was the case, there was no need to force the issue.

"Where do you plan to go for the Quarterly Assessment?" Sha inquired. "Zhu and I have also been invited by our classmates to go with them on missions, but we politely turned them down. We said that we are planning to form a party with you, so most of them backed out. With the exception of the girls who are infatuated with Zhu.

"You better be careful with those girls. They are serious in their attempts to court Zhu, and he is also feeling helpless about it. There was a time when he had been tempted to take on his Demonic Form just to scare them, but I managed to stop him in time."

William nodded his head in agreement. He had already seen the glares that the girls had thrown in his direction when he was talking to Zhu, and he could feel a sense of jealousy from them due to the closeness with which Zhu and him could treat each other.

"Okay, so this is my plan for the Assessment Test…," William told Sha his plan, and the latter promised to relay the message to Zhu.  

With this, William had secured two helpers to help him clear the Orc Dungeon. Although it would be easy for him to solo it, he still wanted to help Zhu and Sha gain some Merit Points. He also planned to bring Princess Sidonie, Chiffon, and Ian with him to maximize the limit of the party members that was allowed by the Academy.

After finalizing a date for their departure, William left Sha alone. However, just as he was about to leave the library, he noticed that the beautiful librarian had once again left her post, and headed towards the handsome scholar that had returned to reading the books on his table.

"Do your best, Sha," William said with a smirk as he left the library in good spirits.  

He hoped more than anything else that his two friends, Zhu, and Sha, would find happiness in Hestia.  

A happiness that would last them a lifetime.






