
Chapter 201

While Damian and Ezio were nearing their prey, the battle on the land and in the sky became more intense. 

Several of the creatures in the forest like Forest Wolves, Winged Panthers, and other ferocious beasts were being drawn in by the smell of blood in the air. 

The Wild Bison also came to assist the centaurs which helped them to a certain extent. 

Psoglav had managed to catch a few more Hipogriffs which brought the number of captured beasts to eight.

William watched the scene in the air as he hurriedly transferred the Hipogriffs inside the Goblin Crypt. He was only able to apply emergency treatment to the injured creatures. However, that was enough to prevent them from dying.

Since that was the case, the boy decided to transport them to the dungeon, so that the wild beasts that were eyeing them wouldn't get the chance to sink their fangs into the new members of his herd.

"Gideon!" William shouted. "Take Psoglav with you!"

The man riding the Wyvern in the air nodded his head in understanding. Psoglav too, had a grin on its demonic face as it used a dark whip to latch on the Wyvern's body as it swooped down on the ground.

Even though he didn't say anything, there was a tacit understanding between the three of them. They were to bring down as many Wyverns from the sky as possible, so that William and the Centaurs could fight them on the ground.

Meanwhile, while all of this was happening, Ezio deftly jumped off the Wyvern's back and appeared on the Blood Wyvern's side.

The Blood Wyvern turned its head and chomped on the foolish man who was still in mid-air. It had seen what had happened to its comrades earlier and had been guarding itself from any sneak attacks from the humans.

Before the Wyvern's jaws could even close on the hooded man, the figure in the air turned into a cloud of black smoke that split itself into two. 

The black smoke then flew towards the Blood Wyvern's back and merged together, becoming whole again.

Ezio held two rope darts in both hands and used them to bind the Wyvern's body and neck. 

The Blood Wyvern was enraged because the man on his back dared to treat it as a mount. It spun in the air in an attempt to dismount the hooded man, but it was to no avail. Ezio stood straight like a sword on the creature's back as if he was merely standing on even ground.

The Centaur War Chieftain narrowed his gaze and lowered his bow. Seeing that the human was able to distract the greatest threat on the battlefield, it now focused its attention on its lackeys.

The War Chieftain nocked an arrow on its bow and aimed at one of the Wyvern's, terrorizing his people. A few seconds later, an arrow infused with elemental energy streaked across the dark sky and hit the side of the Wyvern's body.

The Wyvern screeched in pain as it flapped its mighty wings to fly back into the sky. Unfortunately, another Wyvern, carrying a human and a demonic beast, pressed down on its back and pinned it to the ground.

Psoglav, its Doppelganger, and two pairs of spectral hands, immediately went to work and bound the Wyvern's wings with its dark Whip. 

William charged towards the fallen beast as he nocked an adamantium arrow on his bow that was coated with the venom of the Amphisbaena. 

The red-headed boy aimed at the creature's neck and fired. 

Unlike the steel arrows of the centaur race, the adamantium arrow easily pierced the Wyvern's scales and embedded itself deep inside its body. The Apex Predator of the Whimsical Forest roared in pain as it flailed its body in order to break free from its bindings.

William recalled the arrow from the Wyvern's body and used it once again. 

After successfully penetrating the Wyvern's body five times, the venom of the Amphisbaena started to take effect. 

Since it was not a creature that could be added to the herd, there was no possible way for William to tame it. His next move, however, surprised Kenneth, Gideon, Psoglav, and even some of the centaurs who came to assist him in subduing the fallen beast.

"Mama, use Mega Kick," William ordered. 

Ella walked towards the side of the Wyvern's head and gave it a strong kick on its head. The blow was strong enough to crack the Wyvern's skull, and caused it to lose consciousness. 

"This Wyvern is mine," William announced as he faced the centaurs that were commanded by Bastian. "Do I make myself clear?"

The Centaur Captain gave the unconscious Wyvern a glance before nodding his head. 

"Since you were the one who took it down, its life and death belongs to your hands," Bastian replied. "I apologize for what we did earlier. Although this is a bit shameless on my part, can you help us deal with the remaining Wyverns?"

William nodded his head. "Very well. However, all the Werehyenas you are able to kill will be surrendered to me."

"Deal."

"Good."

After having that exchange, Bastian led the centaurs to focus on the sly Werehyenas that were taking advantage of their plight. 

William watched the centaurs go as he eyed the remaining Wyverns in the sky. 

Ironically, another Wyvern crashed not far away from William's location. Its body was pierced by several arrows that belonged to the Centaur War Chieftain. It was still alive, but it had lost its ability to fight due to its injuries.

William ignored it because he wasn't the one who brought it down. Gideon and Psoglav had already returned to the sky to hunt another Wyvern. 

"At first, I wanted to kill you, but I've changed my mind," Ezio said as he embedded his short sword in the Blood Wyvern's neck. "You will be more useful as my mount since I always travel around the continent."

This was the ninth time that Ezio had stabbed the Wyvern since he'd mounted its back. He didn't stab it in a single location. Instead, he stabbed several pressure points that were located on its neck. 

Ezio was planning to make the creature faint due to blood loss. He didn't need Damian's help to tame the beast, because he had a secret weapon that he could use that was more effective than a slave collar.

The reason why Ezio changed his mind was because he was always hunting people. With the help of the Blood Wyvern, he would be able to locate them easily, even if they escaped. It was a well-known fact that no one could hide from the pursuit of a Blood Wyvern that had locked them in its sights.

Soon, the Blood Wyvern was forced to land. It didn't want to die and was forced to admit that its opponent was stronger than him. Just like humans, beasts also followed the strong. Even though the magical creature was a Centennial Beast, it still chose to submit rather than to die a dog's death.

"I'll give you two options. The first one is to eat this apple in my hand," Ezio ordered. "The second option is for you to get stabbed three more times, before you eat this apple in my hand. So, what is your choice?"

The Blood Wyvern cried bitter tears because the master it recognized was not only more blood thirsty than it was, but more sly than it was as well. With a screech of submission it opened its jaws and allowed Ezio to toss the golden apple inside its mouth.

As soon as the apple entered the Blood Wyvern's mouth, it turned into a liquid paste that was immediately absorbed by its body. Under Ezio's penetrating gaze, the injuries of the Blood Wyvern healed at a rapid pace.

A minute later, it once again flapped its wings to soar into the skies.

"Praise be to the Goddess Lulu," Ezio muttered. 

If William had heard his Fourth Master's words, he would look at him in a weird manner. Never in his wildest dreams did he consider that the man that had ended countless lives, was a devout follower of the Apple Goddess that once tried to force William to sign her contract. 

After seeing their leader surrender to the enemy, the remaining Wyverns tried to run away, but William begged Ezio to not let a single one of them escape.

William's "Fourth Master" was about to ignore the boy's shameless request, however, William's single sentence made the hooded man reconsider.

"Grandfather might need these Wyverns in preparation for the upcoming war."

With that single sentence, Ezio used the Blood Wyvern's suppression to make the members of its Weyr submit.

(A/N: A Weyr is a term used to refer to a group of Wyverns.)

William almost laughed out loud when he saw all the Wyverns stop resisting. They all landed on the ground and kneeled in front of the Blood Wyvern who was now a 'pet' of William's Fourth master.

The Wyverns glanced at the pitiful unconscious Wyvern that had been kicked in the head and shuddered in fear. They didn't want to suffer the same fate and decided to just obey the human with red hair to avoid getting hurt.

Psoglav whistled at the great catch. He looked at William with a sinister gaze as if he was looking at a beautiful, naked, woman that was ripe for eating. 

"Can I eat this Wyvern that got kicked in the head?" Psoglav decided to become shameless. "How about we change some of the conditions of the contract? Having a business partner like you is a good thing."

William rolled his eyes at the shameless demonic dog. How could he possibly give him a Wyvern to eat? He would only do that if a donkey were to kick his head.

"I need the Wyvern as a mount for one of my captains," William replied. "The rest of these Wyverns will go to my hometown to serve as defenders."

As William said those words, he poured a High-Grade Healing Potion on the swelling bump of the pitiful Wyvern's head then let it drink the rest. 

Five minutes later, the Wyvern regained its consciousness and roared fiercely. It then faced William with hate-filled eyes with the intention of shredding him to pieces.

However, before he could even enact his vengeance, a reprimanding shriek reached its ears.

The newly recovered Wyvern turned his head and saw the Blood Wyvern looking at it with the "Calm your tits bro" expression. 

The bewildered creature scanned its surroundings and noticed its brethren all kneeling on the ground. After seeing this scene, its gaze once more landed on William. 

The Half-Elf looked back at the Wyvern with a refreshing smile that was screaming "I know I'm handsome, so don't stare too much, or I might feel embarrassed".

Wyverns were very smart creatures. Since its leader had already submitted, it also chose to submit, albeit reluctantly.

"How many Hipogriffs did we capture all in all?" William turned his head to ask the delicate looking Kenneth who was standing beside him.

"Including the ones on our encampment, we have twenty-four in total," Kenneth replied. 

William's roommate still had a dumbfounded expression on his face. Although he had witnessed everything that happened from the start, he still couldn't believe it. Once again, his evaluation of the red-headed boy increased by another level.

'Unbelievable,' Kenneth thought. 'If only the elders of my clan could see this scene, they would definitely change their opinion of William.'

William didn't know what Kenneth was thinking because he had other things in his mind. He only managed to capture twenty-four hipogriffs which meant that he was still twelve shy of his goal.

He eyed the Hipogriffs that stood beside their Alpha that had arrived as reinforcements for the centaurs. They were all looking at the Wyvern's cautiously. It was then when an idea appeared inside the boy's head. 

William smiled evilly as he looked at the Alpha Hippogriff who was standing in front of its herd. 

When the Alpha saw Wiliam's smile, its body shivered subconsciously. It had a feeling that the red-headed boy was up to no good!


Chapter 202

William swaggered in front of the Alpha of the Herd and gave it a smile that would put all the debt collectors to shame.

"I need twelve more members of your herd," William said while keeping a business-like smile on his face. "You have two choices. Let me choose twelve Hippogriffs and we can all go back to our camps and rest, or you will give me twelve members of your herd and we can all go back to our camps and rest. What would you like to choose?"

Before the Alpha could even answer, all the Wyverns screeched in unison. The Blood Wyvern's piercing gaze locked on the Alpha of the Herd, and made the latter take a step back unconsciously.

It then looked back at the smiling Half-Elf in front of it and lowered its head in submission. 

The students that were currently scheduled for night duty immediately sounded the alarm.

"Wake up! Wyverns are approaching us!" one of the students shouted in horror. "Prepare to defend yourselves!"

After hearing the alarm all the members of the Angorian War Sovereign, as well as Cid and Aerith, immediately left their tents with their weapons in their hands.

All of them had grim expressions on their faces when they saw more than a dozen Wyverns headed towards their location. It was led by a Wyvern that was slightly bigger than the rest. Although it was dark, the presence it radiated made the bodies of the children unconsciously shudder.

'We're done for.'

This was the collective thought of everyone in the camp. Even Dave, who was seated on the back of the Gryphon, couldn't help but feel that their current situation was very dire. The Gryphon's body was very tense with its wings spread wide. Its plan was to escape with Dave the moment the Wyverns initiated an attack on the camp.

There was no way it could fight against that many Wyverns alone, especially when the enemies were a level above its rank.

Just when everyone thought that they were about to go to the afterlife, the Blood Wyvern landed at least two hundred meters away from their location. The other Wyverns also landed a few meters away from the camp, which surprised the teenagers who had resolved themselves to fight to the death.

"Calm down, everyone," a familiar voice shouted in the distance. "These Wyverns are on our side."

William, Ella, Kenneth, along with Damian and Gideon walked towards the encampment with calm expressions.

"Sorry if we scared you," William said after he had entered the camp and removed the hood from his head. "Those on guard duty, return to your posts. Those who need to rest, go back to rest."

Contrary to Wiliam's orders, no one in the encampment moved and only stared back at him with serious expressions.

"Commander, what is going on?" Priscilla asked.

Since she was the highest ranking officer next to William, she thought that it would be best to ask what was going on.

"We took a stroll in the forest and met these friendly Wyverns," William replied. "After seeing how handsome and awesome I was, they decided to accompany me back to my hometown."

Everyone in the encampment, including the Wyverns, looked at William in contempt. All of them were thinking of the same thing.

'Who will believe your b*llsh*t story?!'

William casually flipped his hair as he stared at the moons in the distance. "I'm so handsome that even Wyverns want to become my friends."

The members of the Angorian War Sovereign were already used to William's narcissism, so they were able to ignore his words. Cid and Aerith, on the other hand, wanted to ask more questions, but William used his authority to force everyone to go back to their tents to rest.

He had no intention of answering anyone's questions and had already decided to head for Lont as soon as the sun rose in the East. What Cid and Aerith didn't know was that William didn't have any intentions of returning to the residence of the Sword Saint with the Wyverns.

Although the Sword Saint didn't do anything to him, Aramis might change his mind after seeing the Wyverns that had submitted to him. In order to prevent any conflicts from arising, the Half-Elf decided to just leave the Southern Regions without seeing the Sword Saint for the third time. 

"Is this really okay?" Aerith asked as she watched the Wyverns fly towards the West. In her hand was a handwritten letter that William wanted to be sent back to her teacher. 

The red-headed boy even insisted that she shouldn't take a peek at it out of curiosity.

"Whether it is okay or not, what can we do about it?" Cid answered with his arms crossed over his chest. "That boy sure knows how to Eat and Run."

Henry chuckled when he heard Cid's apt description of William. Indeed. The boy was like a bandit who ate in a restaurant and ran away without paying. 

'My Liege, your nemesis' grandson didn't fall far from the tree,' Henry thought as the Wyverns disappeared from sight.

"Amazing!" one of the students exclaimed. "So, this is what it feels like to ride a Wyvern!"

"Don't get too excited or you might fall off!" one of his friends nagged at him for acting like a country bumpkin. However, everyone could tell that he, too, was feeling just as excited as his friend.

Fourteen Wyverns, including the Blood Wyvern, flew towards the West in a "V Formation". The Blood Wyvern was in the lead of the formation and kept everyone in line. On its back, there was a lone figure, wearing a hooded robe, who stood straight like a sword. 

William told everyone that the man riding the Blood Wyvern was a hermit that lived inside the Whimsical Forest, and the Master of the Weyr of Wyverns. 

Dave, who was riding the Gryphon, was accompanied by William, Ella, Dia, and Ragnar. 

All the Hipogriffs that William had tamed and had "volunteered" to come with him were currently inside the Goblin Crypt. Since the majority of them were injured, they were not fit for travel. The shepherd decided to return to Lont as fast as possible because they were on a tight schedule.

Simon, the Dean of the Academy, had explicitly told William to return on the 18th of the Month of the Chariot.

This was when the Knighting Ceremony would take place within the academy. The king would personally be there to award and officially recognize William's Knight Order in front of all the nobility of the Hellan Kingdom.

Naturally, all the staff and the students of the academy would be there to witness as well. It was a very important event and William had to hurry if he wanted to meet the deadline given to him.

Currently, he still had twenty-one days before the date of the Knighting Ceremony. William wanted to have all the Hipogriffs' injuries healed before then. For that to happen, he would have to ask the Life Magus of Lont, Owen, to tend to the new members of his herd.

On the second day of their journey after leaving the Whimsical Forest...

"Commander, what is your hometown like?" Dave asked. His partner, Lionheart, was currently flying in the middle of the formation and was being treated as the VIP of the group.

"Very crude, but full of life," William answered. "If we maintain this speed, we will arrive at my hometown in an hour."

Deep down, William was feeling excited. He was wondering how his Grandpa would react when he saw the Aerial Fleet that he had nabbed from the Southern Regions and brought back to Lont.

Of course, Ezio was the one who made this possible, but since he was William's Fourth Master, The Half-Elf decided to shamelessly take all the credit!

Suddenly, a loud primal roar reverberated across the land.

Lufie, the Golden Ape that protected Lont, stood tall and roared at the approaching threat in its domain. 

The eyes of the members of William's Knight Order widened in surprise when they saw the Golden Giant Ape who was less than eight-hundred meters away from them.

The Blood Wyvern advanced ahead in order to greet the Golden Ape who was very close to hurtling the massive boulder in its hands. 

"It's me, Lufie," Ezio said as the Blood Wyvern approached. 

The Ourobro recognized Ezio and lowered the boulder in its hand. However, it still didn't lower its guard and stared at the Blood Wyvern in front of it.

The townspeople of Lont had been alerted and had hidden themselves inside their houses. Only the experts stood on top of the town's wall and observed the Wyverns from a distance.

A sharp cry resounded in the sky as Blitz, along with his partner, John, circled around the Blood Wyvern. 

"This is not your style, Ezio," John said with a smile. "You don't like to stand out, so why do it this way?"

"The Young Master wanted to bring the Wyverns back to Lont," Ezio replied. "He insisted that the Commander might need them for the upcoming war."

John's eyes landed on the Gryphon that was slowly approaching them. William, who was seated on its back, waved at John with a smug expression on his face. 

"Indeed. William is being flashy, as usual," John shook his head with a smile as he and Blitz returned to the town of Lont.

After relaying to the townspeople that they were friendly forces, everyone came out of their houses to admire the Wyverns, which the majority of them hadn't ever seen in their lifetime.

James, along with Mordred, also appeared with big grins on their faces after hearing John's report. The Father and Son pair felt that William had one-upped Ezio into agreeing to his request.

Even so, they still gave William two thumbs up in their hearts for bolstering Lont's armed forces.

James was even chuckling internally. He was wondering how his nemesis, Aramis, would react after finding about the bold move that his grandson had made while within his domain. 

'Erza, I wish you could have met William,' James thought with regret. 'I'm sure that you would have approved of this grandson of ours. He is just like you when you were younger. Bold, resourceful, and very opportunistic.'

James sighed as the Wyverns landed near the entrance of Lont. William had returned un-announced and brought with him the members of his new Knight Order. 

"Son, make sure to give William's friends the best accommodation," James ordered.

"Yes, Father," Mordred replied. "I will make sure that William will not be embarrassed because of our hospitality."

The two once again eyed the Wyverns in the distance and the red-headed boy that was waving in their direction. Both of them knew that although William was very mischievous, he had the safety and prosperity of Lont in his heart.


Chapter 203

James couldn't stop himself from smiling after hearing Ezio's report. He was very proud of William's accomplishment of beating Aramis' disciple. Too bad he wasn't there to witness it first hand.

If he was there, he might have not been able to stop himself from gloating and irking his love rival until the two of them came to blows with each other.

"Still, my grandson is really a magnet for pretty girls," James said with a smile. "That young lady Priscilla is not half bad."

"I think the Young Master only sees her as a subordinate," Ezio replied. "He didn't show anything unusual when dealing with her. Everything is quite formal."

James rubbed his chin as he pondered something inside his mind.

"How about that girl Wendy? Has their relationship improved?" James inquired. "What stage are they at now? Has my Grandson managed to take First Base? Since he's got my genes, he should be at least on First Base, right?"

Fortunately, Ezio was wearing a hood and James wasn't able to see the stiff expression on his face. He wasn't the type to gossip about William's personal love life, but he still reluctantly answered his Lord's questions.

"While I'm not a hundred percent certain, I think the Young Master is giving Lady Wendy special treatment," Ezio answered as he organized his thoughts. "Master's adopted son, Thor, is currently under the Young Miss' care. They sometimes spend time together, but at most they only hold each other's hands."

"I see." James nodded. "How about his relationship with his friends? With Est and that interesting boy named Ian. Are they still at loggerheads with each other?"

"The Young Master has a very good relationship with Est. They usually have lunch together and discuss joint training between the Martial and Magic Class Divisions," Ezio reported. "As for Ian, yes, the two of them are still at odds with each other, which I find very strange. It is always Ian who takes the initiative to taunt the Young Master whenever they meet."

James chuckled as he listened to Ezio's report. A minute later, his smile disappeared as he asked another question.

"What about that boy, Kenneth? Did you confirm that he came from THAT place?" James asked with narrowed eyes.

"Yes." Ezio nodded. "I am very sure that he came from THAT place. As for his purpose, it is to spy on the Young Master."

"Does William know?"

"Yes. He just pretends that he is not aware of his roommate's hidden agenda. The Young Master even took him along when he went to assist the centaur tribe against the Wyverns. It was as if William was blatantly showing him his abilities. This is also something that I do not understand."

James leaned back on the chair as a frown appeared on his face. Ezio had already informed him that Kenneth was a spy. As to why he was spying on William, Ezio and James could only make guesses. 

"Ask one of your subordinates to keep track of Kenneth's actions," James ordered. "If his purpose is to hurt William, eliminate him."

"Yes, Sir." Ezio bowed and disappeared from the room, leaving James with his thoughts.

"Are they the ones behind this plot?" James muttered as he stood up to look outside the window of his room. "Maybe they are linked, but not the masterminds behind the scene. Interesting, so they are finally keeping an eye on William."

A tinge of killing intent briefly flashed inside James' eyes before disappearing completely. He had endured for the past few years and remained lowkey. However, if anyone dared to make a move on his family members… he would definitely not turn a blind eye and eradicate the source of the problem without any shred of mercy!

"What a haul," Owen playfully played with his beard as he looked at the injured Hipogriffs that were currently outside Celine's residence. 

"Can they regrow their limbs and wings?" William asked. 

"They can regrow their wings, as for their limbs…" Owen lightly touched one of the Hipogriffs that had lost its hind legs. "We will need to ask a favor from someone else. However, that person will definitely charge you a high price for his services."

"I don't mind about the price, but do we have other Life Mages in Lont aside from you?" William asked.

The reason why he brought the injured Hipogriffs back to Lont was due to the fact that Owen was a powerful Life Magus. He hoped that the old man would be able to restore the creatures back to their peak condition to be able to soar in the skies once again.

"Who said that only Life Mages, and Clerics are good at healing?" Owen smiled. "You already know him, William. In fact, you know him very well."

"I do?" William tilted his head to the side. "Okay. Let's go meet him. The sooner they return to their peak condition, the sooner I can return to the academy."

Owen chuckled and nodded his head. He then took William to one of the most notorious experts in Lont and that was none other than…

"I see! You came to the right person." Jekyll flashed William a wide grin. "Regrowing and chopping off limbs is my specialty!"

William's face was stiff as he faced the sole-dentist of Lont. This was the one person that his enhanced perception designated as the scariest existence in his hometown. 

"So how many Hipogriffs are we talking about?" Jekyll inquired. "Since they are magical beasts, it would take a very powerful regeneration potion to regenerate their limbs."

"Twenty-four," William replied. He was paying close attention to the reaction of the dentist that had almost become his instructor in the past. 

"My stock of regeneration potions won't be enough. At most, I will only be able to fix four of them." Jekyll pondered out loud. "However, since you're already here, the problem is solved!"

Jekyll rested his hand on William's shoulder which made the narcissistic Half-Elf shudder. 

"The main ingredient for the regeneration potion is Troll's blood," Jekyll said while keeping the perfect smile on his face. "However, ordinary trolls are no good. Get me Mountain Trolls. Their blood has stronger regeneration qualities. It will be best to capture them alive, so we can have an unlimited supply of Troll's blood."

The dentist clapped his hand as if he just realized something.

"This will be the price for helping you regrow the limbs of the Hipogriffs," Jekyll stated. "Capture as many trolls as you can. The more, the merrier!"

Jekyll didn't even wait for William's reply as he kindly told him to leave. He was currently in the middle of an experiment, and he didn't want to be disturbed. The Dentist only made an exception because William was James' grandson.

After having the door shut right in front of his nose, William turned his head to see a grinning Owen leaning against a tree.

"Did it go well?" Owen asked. 

"He asked me to capture Mountain Trolls," William replied.

"Trolls blood?" Owen pondered. "I see, that is the main ingredient of his regeneration potion. Now it makes perfect sense. I've been wondering how he made those miraculous potions back then."

Jekyll was an alchemist to outsiders and a Mad Alchemist to those who had known him for years. His experiments ranged from the bizarre to the unexplained. Sometimes, even he didn't know the outcome of his experiments.

Even so, Jekyll had earned his place as one of the most feared individuals in Lont. A Dentist by day, and a Mad Alchemist by night. He was a person that was feared by both children and adults alike.

William and Owen parted ways because the Life Magus still had to make his rounds around town and cure the ailments of the citizens.

William, on the other hand, went to find his subordinates. He decided to use the opportunity to hunt Mountain Trolls and train his Knights at the same time. However, before they officially set out on their hunting expedition, he needed to do something first.

The red-headed boy knew that just by using their strength, it would be impossible for them to catch a Mountain Troll in the wild. He had fought one in the past, and knew how formidable it was.

Because of the level of difficulty, he decided to look for Conrad in order to raise their chances of success.

"Conrad, I have something very important to tell you. Follow me," William ordered.

Conrad nodded his head and followed his Commander towards the East Side of Lont where the Wyverns were stationed. After seeing William's incredible feats, Conrad's admiration of him had grown by leaps and bounds.

Although it wasn't as fanatical as Dave's worship for the Half-Elf, his feelings weren't too far off. If possible, he also wanted to remain as William's subordinate in order to raise his position within the Knight Order.

After arriving at the temporary Wyvern's Nest, William faced the Wyvern that Ella had kicked in the head inside the Whimsical Forest.

The Wyvern eyed William with an unresigned expression. Although it was reluctant to become a Mount, it had no choice in the matter. Their leader had already submitted to a human. If he were to rebel, the Blood Wyvern would show no mercy and eat him.

With the threat of death looming over its head, the Wyvern decided to unwillingly accept its fate.

"From now on, this Wyvern will be your partner," William said. "However, whether you are able to tame him is up to your ability."

Conrad eyed the Wyvern with a burning gaze. He had always wanted to become a Dragon Knight, and Wyverns were also considered dragons among the nobility. Hunting a pure blooded dragon was very hard.

Also, they were very similar to the pegasus who would fight tooth and nail with those who dared to use them as a mount. They were very prideful creatures and they would rather die than have someone ride on their back.

This was why Wyverns became the next best thing. Although they were prideful creatures, they would not go as far to commit suicide like the dragons if someone where to ride on their backs and trample on their dignity.

Those who were able to tame and ride Wyverns were called Dragon Knights, and that was Conrad's greatest dream. To become a Dragon Knight and show everyone that had ridiculed him in the past that he was not some helpless boy that couldn't do anything without his family's backing. 

"Go, try and mount him," William ordered as he crossed his arms over his chest.

Conrad smiled and tried to mount the Wyvern's back, but the Wyvern pushed him away. The beast didn't hurt him, but merely prevented him from climbing on its back. The teenage boy tried again, but the Wyvern rejected his advances.

William watched this scene with a calm expression. However, deep inside, he was laughing very hard. 

Before he went to find Conrad, he had already talked to the Wyvern and gave it an order. Unless he gave the signal, he would reject Conrad's attempt to mount him.

Although this was a very shameless move on William's part, he still did it. Why? Because he knew that Conrad was desperate for power. He had already seen how ambitious the boy was. 

William didn't dislike ambitious people. In fact, he welcomed them wholeheartedly. If Conrad really wanted to rise in the ranks of the nobility, he needed to earn merits and other achievements. For that, he would need power and influence.

And right now, the only one that could give him the power and influence he wanted was none other than William. 


Chapter 204

After being rejected multiple times, Conrad started to feel dejected. He had known beforehand that in order to become a Dragon Knight, your Dragon must first recognize you as its partner.

Seeing that the Wyvern was firm in rejecting him, the third son of the Marquese felt like giving up.

Seeing his sad expression, William knew that the time was now right to offer a carrot that the young noble wouldn't be able to resist.

"I have a way for that Wyvern to recognize you as its Master," William said in a casual manner. "The question is, are you willing to pay the price?"

Conrad turned his head to look at his commander who was looking at him with a serious expression. He didn't know how William was able to make these Wyverns submit to him, but he was willing to pay the price if that would make his dream a reality.

"What price must I pay, Commander?" Conrad asked. "Do you want me to become your servant? Your slave?"

William shook his head. "I don't need a slave, what I need is a Knight. Conrad Kent Carlton, are you willing to become my Knight?"

"Sir, I am already your knight as a member of your Knight Order," Conrad answered. "Is there a difference between being a Knight of your Order and being YOUR Knight?"

"Of course there is a difference," William replied. "Although everyone who joins the Angorian War Sovereign will become a part of our Knight Order, what I am referring to are my True Knights. Right now, I only have one True Knight in the order and that is none other than Dave."

Conrad thought back on the changes that he had felt when he saw Dave return with William that day. The newfound confidence and charisma that Dave radiated was very different from when he was still serving as Conrad's subordinate. 

Although he was still the same chubby boy that he knew, he had changed, and Conrad had to admit that the change was for the better.

Conrad also remembered the words that Dave had told him in passing 

"But, I hope the day will come when you will become Sir William's strength," Dave said with a serious expression. "I look forward to that day."

'I see, so this is what you meant when you said those words to me, Dave,' Conrad thought as he looked at the red-headed boy in front of him.

As the son of a noble, Conrad was a prideful person. He would not allow himself to serve someone whose rank was lower than his. If others were to offer him the opportunity to serve under them, even if it was a Duke, he still might have refused.

However, William was different. 

In his mind, the Half-Elf was just a shepherd. 

A shepherd who had miraculously won the title of the Head Prefect of the Martial Class Division. 

A shepherd who had led the charge against the Dungeon Outbreak and turned the tide of battle. 

A shepherd who had beaten the disciple of the Sword Saint in one-on-one combat.

Conrad felt his blood burn inside his body. He wanted to be able to accomplish the same feats that William had. He wanted to become someone like him who could stand above the rest, regardless of his poor background.

The boy with reddish-brown hair, and hazel eyes, knelt on the ground on one knee. He pressed his closed fist over his chest as he bowed his head in order to show respect to his Commander.

William stepped forward and summoned Rhongomyniad from his storage ring.

He lowered the lance and lightly tapped Conrad's left shoulder. 

"In the name of the God of all Trades, Gavin, and the Goddess of Knights, Astrid, I gave you the right to bear arms and the power to mete justice," William said with a righteous tone. "May you protect the innocent and use your strength to uphold the honor of your Sovereign and people."

The lance glowed once as if it was empowering William's words. 

"I, Conrad Kent Carlton, hereby declare my undying loyalty to Sir William Von Ainsworth," Conrad pledged. "I swear upon my name that I will serve you with everything in my power and uphold your honor as a Knight of the Angorian War Sovereign."

William lightly tapped Conrad's right shoulder before raising his lance once more towards the sky.

"Rise, my Knight, and uphold the oath that you have made today," William stated. "May your courage, and bravery, illuminate the world for eternity."

Rhongomyniad, showered Conrad with a golden brilliance. The King chess piece within William's Sea of Consciousness, also glowed thrice before returning to its normal state. 

Just like what happened when he knighted Dave, a series of words appeared on William's status page.

< Second Knight of the Angorian War Sovereign has been registered >

< Name: Conrad Kent Carlton >

< Bestowing Knight Title....>

< Appropriate Title Found! >

< Conrad Kent Carlton: Dragon Knight of War >

Name: Conrad Kent Carlton

Race: Human

Health Points: 12,000 / 12,000

Mana: 3,000 / 3,000

Prestige Job Class: Dragon Knight of War (Lvl 1)

< Strength: 40 (+10) >

< Agility: 40 (+10) > 

< Vitality: 50 (+10) >

< Intelligence: 20 (+10)>

< Dexterity: 40 (+10) >

Skills: 

Duel Ex 

Union of Man and Beast

Tactician

Dragon Descent

Shield Boomerang

Dragon Meteor

Title: Dragon Knight

< Dragon Knight>

-- When riding a dragon all stats increase by 100%

-- Aerial Mobility increase by 150%

-- Can use Dragon Fury 3x a day. 

'His stats are stronger than Dave's,' William thought as he looked at Conrad's stats. 'I guess this is to be expected since his role is the vanguard.'

While William was checking Conrad's skills, the latter looked at his hands with a shocked expression. 

Conrad could feel the surge of power that was flowing throughout his body. He then looked at William who he had recognized as his new lord. 

The red-headed boy was still holding Rhongomyniad in his hands with its tip pointing towards the sky. He fully understood that his new-found strength was due to his oath to become William's True Knight.

Conrad gave his new Lord a respectful bow before turning his head to look at the Wyvern who had repeatedly rejected him.

The young boy walked towards it with the "Let me see if you dare to reject me this time" expression on his face.

The Wyvern instinctively took a step back because its instincts were telling it that the young boy in front of it had the ability to make it submit now. 

The other Wyverns also backed away in fear that Conrad would choose them as his partner instead. 

Conrad walked with even steps and stopped two meters away from the Wyvern. He then raised his hand as if beckoning the Wyvern to lower its head and recognize him as his new partner.

The Wyvern looked at the boy for a full minute before lowering its head in submission. Conrad pressed his hand against the Wyvern's head and the bond between the two was officially formed.

The young boy sighed in relief when the Wyvern had recognized him as its rider. He had a feeling that this was only the beginning of a journey that would make him the man he wished to become.

Dave, who was brushing his partner's furry body, looked towards the East. He had sensed a fluctuation of magic power which felt familiar. 

A sudden realization appeared in his mind which made him smile.

"You finally made your decision," Dave muttered as a powerful screech resounded from the Eastern part of Lont.

A Wyvern flapped its mighty wings and soared towards the sky. On its back was a young teenage boy who looked at the world around him with a determined gaze. 

Since the two were connected with the skill "Union of Man and Beast", Conrad was able to ride the Wyvern without a specialized saddle. The two made incredible aerial stunts in the air which wowed the children who were looking at him from the ground.

Some of them even cheered as the Wyvern passed over their heads. 

William watched Conrad's antics with a smile on his face. With the addition of his new Dragon Knight in his armed forces, the success of hunting the Mountain Trolls increased dramatically.

A day after Conrad's knighting, William took his officers, and twelve of his subordinates to hunt for the Mountain Trolls. He also invited Gideon to join them because he was a Beastamer that specialized in land creatures.

The reason why he only took twelve of his knights on this journey was due to the fact that there were only twelve hipogriffs that were able to perform at their peak condition. These were the Hipogriffs that "volunteered" to come with William after he bullied the Alpha of the Herd to agree to his request.

He chose those who were experienced in riding horses, because, technically, Hipogriffs were similar to horses. Also, it would be best to train his knights to ride these magical steeds as soon as possible.

Looking for Mountain Trolls was not an easy thing, especially in the Western Region of the Hellan Kingdom. 

Fortunately, he had the system which allowed him to pinpoint the places where possible Troll Lairs were located. Ironically, the nearest one was near the Pantheon of Courage where William had met Est.

After traveling for two days, they finally arrived at their destination. Along the journey, William made sure that his knights had gotten used to their new mounts and were able to perform basic aerial maneuvers.

At first, William planned to "Knight" them like he had done with Dave and Conrad, but didn't push through with it. The reason? He wanted to make it an incentive for those who performed exceptionally well under his Knight Order. 

This would give his subordinates the drive to do their best in the hope that they would be rewarded for their merits. 

< Three Mountain Trolls detected two kilometers away from our location. >

'Understood.'

William gave out his order and Dave guided his partner to go in that direction.

It didn't take long for them to spot three Mountain Trolls lying on the ground, asleep. For some reason, the three trolls looked very familiar to William. They looked exactly the same as the Mountain Trolls that attacked their encampment when they were headed towards the temple to offer a prayer to the Gods.


Chapter 205

"What do you think, Mama?"

"Meeeeh."

"It's them, right?"

Ella nodded her head.  

Although many years had passed since then, her bestial instinct was telling her that these were the same trolls that they had fought last time.  

William grinned evilly as he looked down at the sleeping trolls on the ground. His eyes were screaming "It's payback time you b*tches!" while patting Ragnar's head, who was asleep on his lap.  

Currently, he was seated in the flying carriage that was being pulled by Dave's Gryphon, Lionheart. Dave was currently serving at the carriage's coachman, because William didn't allow him to join the operation.

He wanted the other members of the Knight Order to practice their teamwork and capture the trolls under Priscilla's leadership.

Conrad was currently holding his position a mile away from their location because William didn't want the Wyvern's presence to send the Mountain Trolls running.  

"Well then, Vice-Commander, it's your time to shine," William said as he turned his head to look at the beautiful girl with black hair that was seated inside the carriage with him.

Priscilla nodded her head, and opened the carriage door. They were currently two kilometres above the ground, but the young lady didn't bat an eye and jumped out of the carriage.

She knew what William's objective was, but the current situation didn't allow her to be a bystander.  

"Come forth, Braia!" Priscilla shouted.  

A magic circle appeared below her and a Golden-Winged Hippogriff appeared to catch her mid-flight.  

"I missed you," Priscilla said as she patted her trusted partner's neck.

Braia, shrieked softly, as if telling her partner that she felt the same.  

The Alpha Hippogriff circled once in the air before flying towards the Hippogriff formation protecting William's carriage. The commander of the Angorian War Sovereign had already told his knights that the one who would lead the operation was none other than Priscilla.  

Everyone waited for their Vice-Commander's orders as they re-arranged their formation to follow her lead.

"Team Alpha, and Team Bravo, ensure that the two trolls won't be able to help their leader," Priscilla ordered. "Team Charlie and Team Delta, follow me to capture the leader of the trolls!"

""Yes!""

The twelve Aerial Knights broke off into teams of three and attacked their respective targets. All of them were equipped with bows and arrows to slowly whittle away their target's strength. Each of their arrows was coated with the venom of the Amphisbaena, this would allow them to neutralize the trolls and bring them back to Lont.

The trolls, who were sleeping on the ground, woke up when they felt several presences descending upon them from the sky.  

The leader of the Mountain Troll issued a loud roar in order to intimidate the newcomers, but it was all for naught.  

Priscillla took aim as she neared their targets. "Fire at will!"

A dozen arrows flew out in succession and landed on their respective targets. Although not all of them were experienced archers like Priscilla, it was very hard to miss when you're aiming at something that was as big as a small hill from less than a hundred meters away.  

The bodies of the trolls were quite hard and most of the arrows bounced harmlessly off of their skin. Only specialized archers, like Priscilla, were able to break past their defenses using the techniques that they had mastered over time.

William and Ella, who were watching the battle from the air, observed Priscilla's fighting style closely.  

They could easily tell that the black-haired beauty was quite used to aerial combat while riding a mount.  

'It is quite unfortunate that my appraisal skill doesn't work on people,' William thought. 'Even so, I believe that Priscilla is some kind of Aerial Cavalier. Having an Alpha Hippogriff as a mount is not something that a novice can pull off.'

William already had a hunch that his Vice-Prefect was not a simple person. Ella had already told him that Priscilla might have had hidden agendas when she joined the Hellan Royal Academy. She was neither friend, nor foe, and William still didn't know what her objective was.

Even so, there was one thing he was sure of and that was the girl leading the operation was a very capable leader.

She had easily cornered the three mountain trolls, and none of them were able to break free from her encirclement.  

The trolls were unable to hit the Hipogriffs and their riders because they distanced themselves properly out of the Mountain Trolls' strike range.  

In frustration, one of the trolls threw their wooden club at a Hippogriff, but the latter managed to evade it at the last second. Out of desperation, it tried to run, but the effect of the Amphisbaena's venom had started to take effect.  

Priscilla had shot all three mountain trolls with three arrows each that were coated with the potent venom. Her plan was to wait for the venom to take effect before they tied up the beasts to drag them back to Lont.  

The movements of the troll that had thrown his club were starting to become sluggish, but it still did its best to move its legs in order to flee. However, the team that was assigned to it didn't relent in their attacks. They continued to rain down arrows on the mountain troll until it almost turned into a pin cushion.

The same thing was happening to the other two trolls. Even the Leader was starting to show signs of fatigue. The mighty Class B Beasts were bullied by the teenagers until they finally stopped moving.

Two of the students felt that the situation was already under their control and decided to take a closer look.  

"No! Don't go near them!" Priscilla shouted. "Go back to your formation!"

It was at that moment when the "subdued trolls" made their move.  

The Troll leader and its lackey were only acting as if they had completely succumbed to the poison, but were simply playing dead in order to deliver a surprise attack to the kids who attacked them

With a mighty roar, the two trolls stood up from the ground and smashed their wooden clubs towards the foolish boys who dared to come within their strike range.  

The Hippogriffs shrieked as they flapped their wings to forcefully gain altitude and avoid the Mountain Troll's hate-filled blow, but it was already far too late.

"Lightning God War Art, First Form… Illuminate the world, Rhongomyniad!"

A dazzling beam of light rained down from the sky and completely obliterated the arms of the mountain trolls that were holding the wooden clubs. The two trolls shrieked in pain as they rolled over the ground due to their injuries.  

The two boys, and their mounts, were able to fly back to safety thanks to William's sudden interference.  

Priscilla turned her head towards the flying carriage that was slowly descending towards the ground.  

Standing on top of it was William holding an imposing jousting lance that shone with a golden brilliance.  

"Thomas, Ryan, the two of you will be given disciplinary punishments later," William said with a serious expression. "Do that again and I will expel you from my Knight Order. Do I make myself clear?"

""Yes, Sir!""

The two boys lowered their heads in shame. Both of them regretted their actions. They only did it in order to show off to their friends, but they didn't expect that the trolls were only playing possum.  

A minute later, a strong presence descended from the sky.

Conrad commanded the Wyvern to land on the ground beside William's carriage. The three trolls immediately behaved when the powerful beast glared at them. Although they had strong regeneration abilities, they didn't want to face-off against a Wyvern that could release a Dragon's Breath and turn them into charcoal

"Surprisingly, they were able to resist the venom of the Amphisbaena," Gideon commented. "Mountain trolls are indeed resistant to most poisons. Young Master, should I take care of them?"

"Yes." William nodded. "We don't want to have any more accidents along the way."

Gideon smiled and went to deal with the three trolls who were shaking in fear. In fact, even if he didn't subdue them, the Beastamer was sure that they didn't have the guts to resist. However, in order to put William at ease, he still decided to bind them using his ability.

After securing the three trolls, the three-day journey back towards Lont started.  

Jekyll was very happy to receive three, very healthy, specimens for his experiments. If the trolls had been scared of the Wyvern, they were now scared sh*tless because their instincts were telling them that the smiling man in front of them was stronger than a pure-blooded dragon.

They even started bawling their eyes out when the Dentist started to pat their bodies one by one to check if they had any abnormalities.  

William had left the scene right after he had delivered the poor mountain trolls to their new owner. He didn't want to see what method Jekyll would use in order to draw the blood from their bodies.

-----

The very next day, Jekyll personally delivered thirty-six regeneration potions to William. He stayed to watch the Hipogriffs regrow their limbs, because he wasn't sure if the dosage was enough for magic beasts.

Fortunately, it worked perfectly and all the Hipogriffs finally gained a new lease on life.

Half a day later, he gathered all the members of the Angorian War Sovereign and awarded the members one Hippogriff each. The commoners among the group were smiling from ear to ear because they couldn't believe that they were about to become Aerial Knights.  

"We don't have much time left before we return to the capital," William announced. "I'm giving all of you exactly one week to learn the basics on how to properly ride your new partners. Then we will return to the Academy for the official ceremony of our Knight Order."

William scanned the faces of his officers and subordinates. "You will be under the scrutiny of the King, the nobles, as well as our peers in the academy. Remember this, the first impression is the most important. We must give them a show worthy of our rank as members of the Angorian War Sovereign!"

""Yes!"" the members of William's Knight Order replied in unison.

The red-headed boy smiled as he nodded his head. 'We need to make an impressive show. That way, we can poach some of the students from the Magic and Spirit Divisions as well.'

What William wanted to create was an Elite Knight Order that combined all the different Divisions in the academy. In order to make that happen, he had to use suitable bait in order to entice them.

Looking at the Wyverns, the Gryphon, and the Hippogriffs around him, William was sure that this was a temptation that anyone would find very hard to resist.


Chapter 206

"I'll be going to the capital first," Mordred patted William's shoulder. "Are you sure you don't want to come with me?"

William shook his head, "I still have to train them, Uncle. They're still not up to my standards."

Mordred looked at the thirty-six Hipogriffs in the sky. They were currently practicing an aerial formation along with the Wyvern and Gryphon.  

They still had ten more days before the Knighting Ceremony, but Mordred had to go to the capital early because James asked him to run some errands. He would also be there to witness the King officially award William his commander post because all the nobles were required to attend the ceremony.

This was the King's way of letting everyone know about the birth of the new Knight Order and give them the chance to see William. This way, they would recognize him when he visited their domains during official missions.  

"Don't worry, Uncle," William replied. "We will be there for the ceremony. Tell Big Brother Matthew and Big Sister Leah that I'm fine and they shouldn't worry about me."

"Alright." Mordred nodded. "I'll see you at the capital."

"Have a safe journey, Uncle."

"You, too."

----

Inside the Hellan Royal Academy…

"A new Knight Order?" Carter raised an eyebrow. "And the leader is a First Year from the Martial Division Class?"

"Yes, Professor," a pretty young lady with brown hair replied with a smile. "Ten days from now, a knighting ceremony will be held here in the academy. The King will be present as well."

"According to the rumors, the leader of the Knight Order is the current Head Prefect of the First Year Martial Class," the pretty young lady's best friend commented. "His name is William Von Ainsworth and he's a Half-Elf."

"Interesting." Carter smiled at the two young ladies who were currently inside his bedroom.  

After the Dungeon Outbreaks had been cleared, he finally had time to refine some "candies" for the Third Year students of the Magic Division.  

The two girls inside his room had been eating his candies for more than a month now. As magicians, they had a natural resistance to certain spells, so Carter was sure that their current "dosage" was not enough for him to fully control their thoughts.

However, these two girls had a huge crush on him the moment they saw him in the academy. They had been making advances towards the very popular and capable instructor who had a big future ahead of him.

The brown-haired girl was the only daughter of a Marquess and her best friend was the daughter of the head of the merchant group in their domain. The two of them had been close since childhood and enrolled at the Academy at the same time.

The brown-haired girl's name was Charlotte, and her best friend's name was Annie. Together, they decided to "seduce" Carter and make him their husband.

With the help of the suggestion spell that had taken hold of their hearts, their feelings for Carter only grew with each passing day.  

"Professor, have you thought about our proposal?" Charlotte asked. "I'm sure that with my family's backing, you will be able to obtain a noble title from the king."

Carter had thought about the girl's proposal for quite some time and there were no demerits in it whatsoever.  

'Being married to the only daughter of a Marquess is not bad,' Carter thought. 'I will be able to use her family's influence to collect more followers for my Lord's cause. Also… this girl and her friend have great bodies. I can't wait to have a taste.'

"I don't mind marrying you, but I intend to have many wives," Carter replied. "Are you fine with that?"

"How many wives do you plan to have, Professor?" Charlotte inquired.

It was very common for noblemen to have many wives. Charlotte and her friend understood this and had already prepared themselves for it. The only condition was that they would be Carter's First and Second wives.

Carter thought and opened his hand. "Not more than five."

Charlotte and Annie exchanged a glance before nodding their heads.  

"I agree with your condition, Professor," Charlotte said with a longing expression. "If you like, we can even help you convince the girls you chose to be your other wives. All I ask is that you give us special treatment."

Carter caressed the side of Charlotte's pretty face and marveled at its smoothness. "What kind of special treatment do you want from me?"

Emboldened by Carter's question, Charlotte decided to take a chance and moved closer. She then gave a light peck on Carter's lips before her whole face became beet red from embarrassment.

'Such an innocent girl,' Carter laughed internally. 'I will take my time to corrupt her innocence and make her my loyal slave.'

Carter placed his hand at the back of her neck and pulled her close to him. The two exchanged light kisses that slowly transformed into passionate ones.  

The handsome professor also pulled Annie close to him and kissed her as well. He didn't intend to ravage both girls right away, because he wasn't in a hurry.

What he drew the most pleasure from was to take his time to corrupt innocent girls until they became whores who would wantonly shake their hips to satisfy his carnal desires.

The sound of kissing echoed within the room as Carter started to train his two future wives.  

The two girls looked at him lovingly and kissed both sides of his face simultaneously.  

Little did they know that the demon lurking inside their beloved's body was slowly staining their hearts with darkness.

-----

'This candy is quite good,' Wendy thought as she ate the candy that was given to her by her senior, Charlotte. 'Big Sister Charlotte was quite generous to give me a dozen. I wonder where she got these?'

Since Wendy was an officer of the Magic Division for the First Years, it was only natural for her to interact with the other officers of the Magic Division, who were in different grades.

She had known Charlotte for five years and had met many times at parties held for the nobility. They even shared two hunting expeditions together that were sponsored by her father in their own Duchy.

As she was eating the candy, she felt a fleeting sensation pass through her body. Wendy didn't give it much thought because she only felt it for a brief moment. Her body had quickly returned to normal, so she figured that she might have just imagined the feeling.

"Thor, do you like candies?" Wendy asked the puppy in her lap.

Thor shook his head before lying down with the intention of going to sleep.  

"Suit yourself." Wendy grinned as she ate another candy. "I wonder when William will return to the academy. I hope he's doing well."

Thor yawned and smacked its lips. He was confident that his "Master" was perfectly fine and healthy. Afterall, the two of them shared a powerful bond. If something bad happened to William, he would be able to sense it right away.

Wendy ate the candies until none were left. For some reason, she had the strong urge to ask Charlotte where she got the candies so she could buy more.  

'I'll ask her tomorrow,' Wendy thought as she picked up the puppy and carried him to the bed.  

The beautiful young lady was not aware that a certain suggestion spell had already started to take root inside her heart. Wendy was one of the candidates that Charlotte had picked to become another of Carter's brides.

Carter had told her that he wanted to marry girls that were born to noble families. The higher their rank, the better.  

Blinded by her infatuation and the power of the suggestion spell, Charlotte started to distribute Carter's "candies" to the noble ladies that she got along with. The only thought in her mind was that if she was to share her future husband with other girls, she would rather share him with people that she got along with.

-----

"Good job," William said as he watched the performance of his Aerial Knights. "All of you take a fifteen-minute break. We will resume the training afterward."

Eight days remained before the Knighting Ceremony in the Hellan Royal Academy. All the members of the Angorian War Sovereign had become more proficient in controlling their mounts.

Of course, the main reason why they performed well was because the Hippogriffs were not resisting their orders. There were even times when the magical beasts "improvised" by themselves in order to keep the formation steady.

"Commander, I have never seen these formations before," Conrad said as he stood beside William. "Even the Gryphon Brigade of our Kingdom has never done anything remotely similar to what we've been doing."

William had a smug smile on his face as he listened to Conrad's words. He wanted to brag, but he didn't know how to properly word it. After all, how could he possibly tell his Dragon Knight that the knowledge he was sharing with them came from another world.

In the end, he decided to play it safe and just patted Conrad's shoulder. "Actually, I saw these formations in my dream. I thought that they looked cool and wanted to implement them in reality."

William was about to say more when his good friend, Theo, came to find him.

"William, Mr. Barbatos is looking for you," Theo said as he panted for breath. "He said that the thing you asked for has been completed. He told me to come and find you so that you can check to see if it still needs some adjustments."

"Thank you," William patted his friend's shoulder. "I'll give you two slices of apple pie later."

"Do you think I'm still a kid that you can bribe with apple pies?"

"You don't want it?"

"I want three slices."

William chuckled as he shook his head helplessly. He always liked to talk to Theo. Talking to the chubby boy, who was a year older than him, reminded William of his younger years. Years when he was still innocent and unaware of the darkness that had long been hiding inside people's hearts.


Chapter 207

The various noble families from all over the Hellan Kingdom, as well as those who held considerable influence, all gathered within the Royal Academy.

Today was the day when the King of the Kingdom, Noah Ernest Vi Hellan, would officially recognize the birth of a new Knight Order.  

Currently, there was only one Knight Order in the Hellan Kingdom and that was the Knight Order of Gladiolus. The members of this order were given special treatment by the nobles as well as the other important people in the Kingdom.  

Their Commander, Andreas Valentine, was hailed as one of the pillars that supported the King's rule and ensured that laws and orders were followed without fail.  

Now that a new Knight Order was about to be founded, many nobles were wondering why the King had made such a move. Of course, there were speculations, but none of them dared to ask the king publicly or in private.

Afterall, Noah was known for being a firm ruler and once he had decided upon something, he wouldn't take it back.

The Sun was about to reach its Zenith and the time for the official Knighting Ceremony was near. However, the one who would be granted the prestigious title was nowhere to be seen. This irritated some of the nobles who had travelled a long distance just to participate in the event that was organized by the Royal Academy.

"I daresay it was a mistake to appoint a lowly country bumpkin to be the head of a Knight Order," an Earl said in disdain. "Just who does he think he is for making the King and all of us wait here for his arrival?"

"That's right!" a baron supported. "Just because his family has earned him a few achievements, he dares to act like he's a bigshot? Such arrogance!"

"Why don't we ask the honorable Viscount Ainsworth why his nephew is still not here?" a Marquess asked to join in the fun. "Since both of them came from the same hometown, he should be aware of the boy's current status, Yes?"

"Yes! Speak up Lord Ainsworth, where is this nephew of yours who is supposed to be the Commander of this new Knight Order?"

"Don't tell me he chickened out? Well, that is to be expected of someone who tends to sheep and goats."

The sneers, jeers, and laughter filled with contempt, started to spread within the area where the nobles were seated.

Naturally, Noah, the King of the Hellan Kingdom, heard it all, but he made no move to help Mordred. Deep inside, he was wondering why the boy Est had praised over the high heavens was still not around.

Although there were still fifteen minutes before the appointed time, his behavior was not satisfactory.  

Andreas, who was seated on the King's left side, had a smile on his lips. He had heard about the boy from the King and wondered what kind of individual he was. Unlike the nobles, the Commander of the Knight Order of Gladiolus was looking forward to William's appearance. In his mind, anyone who could make the King wait for him was someone worth befriending.  

While Mordred was being taunted by his peers, the students of the First Year Martial Class Division were feeling anxious.  

Everyone in the academy knew that William was their Head Prefect, and was looking forward to his arrival. However, as the hours passed, no signs of the "Heroic First Year" could be seen. The upperclassmen of the Martial, Magic, and Spirit Divisions were looking at the anxious first years with various expressions.

Some of them felt contempt, ridicule, and disdain.

Some felt interest, and amusement.

Only a small minority, mainly the First Years of the Magic, and Spirit Divisions sympathized with the Martial Class Division. They had come to admire William after his inspiring performance during the Dungeon Outbreak, and some of them even treated him as their target to overcome and an idol to idolize. Only these students felt genuine concern for William's absence.

Est, Ian, Isaac, and Wendy, in particular, were feeling more anxious than most. Ian had even cursed William internally for the umpteenth time for being an idiot.

The sun had risen to its zenith and only two minutes remained from the allotted time. Mordred, who was seated in the noble's area, raised his hand to stop the nobles from speaking. He had a smug look on his face, as he turned his head to look at the people around him.

"Calm your tits, everyone," Mordred said with a smile. "The star of the show has arrived."

As if waiting for his words, a loud screech reverberated in the air as several dark figures appeared over the horizon.

Conrad, William's Dragon Knight, grinned as he ordered his partner to dive.  

Right behind him was a platoon of Hipogriffs flying in a V formation with him as the lead. In the center of their formation, was a flying carriage pulled by a Gryphon. The carriage was coated in gold and shone brilliantly under the light of the sun.  

The nobles who watched the scene gasped in shock because the Wyvern's speed didn't decrease, in fact, it had even increased as it glided near the ground. The Hippogriffs flying on its left and right side had done the same thing with the golden carriage at their center.

When they neared the area where the nobles were located, the Wyvern made a right turn with only a few meters away from the seat of the nearest noble. The gust of wind created by the sudden turn, and the whirring sounds that followed not long after, made the nobles seated at the very front almost pee in their pants.

Suddenly, the sound of cheering was heard and it came from the First Years of the Martial Class Division. The Aerial Knights circled around the venue once before separating into four groups. These four groups made crisscrossing aerial maneuvers that made Andreas raise his brow.  

Ironically, the leader of the Gryphon Brigade of the Hellan Kingdom was also there. He watched as the First Years performed an air show that even he and the members of his brigade were unable to perform.  

The First Years of the Magic and Spirit Divisions joined in the cheering and some of them even called out William's name.  

Suddenly, trails of colorful smoke appeared behind the Aerial Knights as they zigzagged across the sky to continue their performance.  

This was the first time that the citizens of the Hellan Kingdom had seen this kind of thing. Even Noah found himself transfixed by the exhibition that was happening in the skies. The interchanging smoke trails of white, blue, and red, created various shapes that mesmerized those who viewed them from the ground.

In the end, three giant hearts of different colors appeared in the sky above the academy. At the center of the heart, a trail of blazing fire--made by the Wyvern's Dragon Breath--created a flaming bridge headed towards the ground.  

Right at that moment, the Gryphon, pulling the Golden Carriage, trailed over the bridge and flew towards the place where the King and his important ministers sat.

The Gryphon landed smoothly on the ground where it was showered by cheers from the students, and also a few members of the nobility. Even those that had taunted Mordred earlier found it hard not to be impressed by the performance that they just saw.

The Gryphon made a right turn when it neared the King's makeshift throne and stopped.

The doors of the carriage had a unique design on them that was similar to an Angorian War Ibex with its front legs raised high and head facing the sky.  

It was the insignia of the Angorian War Sovereign and it was now making a debut in front of everyone.

Dave jumped down from the coachman's seat and respectfully opened the door closest to the King.  

Priscilla, Kenneth, Spencer, and Drake, disembarked from the carriage and lined up on either side of the door. They pressed their fists over their chest and looked straight in front of them.  

Not long after, William stepped out of the carriage wearing his full Battle Regalia. The equipment that was forged for him by the greatest Blacksmith of Lont, Barbatos, appeared in front of everyone.

This was the same set of armor that he had worn during the Dungeon Outbreak and it made the ladies of the First Year Divisions look at him with starry eyes. Wendy wasn't able to stop herself from emitting a soft squeal when she saw how handsome William was.  

The Golden Armor, as well as the Winged Circlet that adorned the young boy's head, made him look like a prince that was about to go to war.  

He walked with steady steps as he passed his officers. All the nobles' expressions became serious as they appraised the young man.

Lawrence, who was seated not far away, looked at William with a wide smile on his face. Seated right next to him was his granddaughter, Rebecca, as well as the representatives of the Misty Sect.  

Naturally, Rebecca's mother, Agatha, and mentor, Eleanor, were also there. The Misty Sect Disciples, headed by Kingsley, looked at William with various emotions. Right at the center of them all was a "Great Elder" from their Sect, who had a higher position than Eleanor.

The old lady gazed at William with a calm expression. She knew who he was, because Eleanor had mentioned his name many times in the past. Her reason for coming today was to give the King some face, as well as to see this "fiance" of one of the prodigies of their sect.

She was already aware of the Seven Year Duel agreement and, to be honest, she didn't care much about it. For her, Rebecca was one of the Core Disciples of the Misty Sect and no ordinary man was suitable to become her partner.

When William arrived in front of Noah, he bent his knee like a knight and saluted his sovereign.

"Long Live his Majesty, King Noah Ernest Vi Hellan," William shouted. "Glory be to the Hellan Kingdom!"

""Long Live his Majesty, King Noah Ernest Vi Hellan!""

""Glory be to the Hellan Kingdom!""

The nobles and the students repeated his words, as they, too, saluted their sovereign.

Noah nodded his head in appreciation of William's performance. Deep down, he felt slightly better for having to wait for the arrival of this "red-headed hot potato" that had caught Est's eye.


Chapter 208

The King stood in front of William holding a ceremonial sword in his hands.  

The students looked at this scene with envy and jealousy, for they, too, wanted to be recognized by the king and granted peerage. One could say that it was every "commoner's" dream and the main reason why they did everything they could to be enrolled at the Hellan Royal Academy.

They hoped that by showcasing their abilities, the King would be able to discover their talent and take him under his wing. Their second option was to be recruited by one of the prestigious noble houses and serve their heirs as retainers.

The students from the First Martial Class Division felt proud and, at the same time, regretful. Proud because the one being knighted was their Head Prefect, and regretful because they didn't formally join his Knight Order when he had first announced it.

Back then, they thought that their Head Prefect was just joking around and not being serious. Sadly, he was not, and the amazing magical beasts that served as the mounts of their comrades proved that they had made the wrong decision.

Even so, they were still quite hopeful that their esteemed Head Prefect would give them another chance to become part of his Knight Order.  

It was not only the First Year Martial Students, but the other Divisions in different grades were thinking the same as well.  

Being part of a Knight Order gave them a higher chance of becoming an Official Knight which was the first step to becoming part of the noble circle.  

Matthew and Leah shared a knowing glance at each other as they watched William being knighted in front of everyone. The two of them were already praying for the pitiful souls that William would be bringing under his wing.

Noah, raised his sword and lightly pressed it over William's left shoulder.  

"William Von Ainsworth, I have deemed you fit to be the commander of the knight order called the Angorian War Sovereign," Noah said in a righteous tone. "Do you now swear by all that you hold sacred, true, and holy that you will honor and defend the Crown and the Kingdom from those who wish it ill?"

"I swear," William answered.

"Do you now swear that you will honor, defend, and protect the ladies, and those weaker than yourself?"

"I swear."

"In the name of the Goddess Astrid, Protector Goddess of the Hellan Kingdom, I dub thee Lord William, Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign," Noah raised the sword and gave a light pat to William's right shoulder. "Rise, my Knight and uphold the oaths you have made."

William stood up and faced his King with a calm expression.

Noah sheathed the sword in his hand, and called upon his Weapon Bearer.

"Bring forth, Soleil," Noah commanded.  

A knight, clad in armor, humbly knelt in front of Noah and presented to him a golden box, with intricate designs on it, that was commonly used to store jewelry.

Noah opened the box and picked up a golden ring that had been one of the treasures of the Hellan Royal Family. It was one of the artifacts that the Goddess Astrid had given to the Royal bloodline when the kingdom was first founded.

"Accept from our hands, this symbol of authority, by the Order of Chivalry and your Knightly Rank and Station," Noah stated. "I present to you Soleil. An artifact that is to be used to defend the Kingdom from all harm. Take it and never forget the responsibility that goes along with it."

William once again knelt as he raised both hands to accept the treasure that was presented to him.  

Noah placed the ring in the center of his open palms and took a few steps back. The ceremony was over, and it was now time for William to prove to everyone that he was worthy of his new rank and authority.

What Noah didn't know was that the moment Soleil fell into William's hands, a series of notifications appeared on his status page.

-------

< Ding! >

< Mythical Weapon "Soleil" Acquired >

< Would you like to acquire the Sun Knight Job Class? >

< Yes / No >

-----

William forcefully fought the urge to read the information of the Mythical Weapon and his new job class. Now was not the right time to do that because he was being watched by many people.

After receiving the ring, he gave Noah a respectful bow before wearing it on his right ring finger.  

A soothing warmth spread throughout his entire body after he put the ring on. William did his best to prevent himself from making a sound of pleasure as the comfortable sensation washed over him.

Perhaps due to the ring's power, William's body seemed to glow radiantly, which made his image more majestic.

Noah and the rest of the nobles were about to go to the main hall of the academy to rest, when a ridiculing statement stopped him in his tracks.

"I can't believe the peasant who lost to me four years ago is now the head of a Knight Order," Kingsley spat in disdain. "If a loser like him can become a Knight Commander then doesn't that mean that the title he holds is garbage?"

"Kingsley, mind your manners," Eleanor reprimanded. However, her face carried a tinge of ridicule and contempt as she looked at William. "Forgive our disciple, he is just a very straightforward person. I hope Lord William will not mind his words."

Contrary to everyone's expectations, William did the unthinkable.

"I don't mind, because what he said was the truth," William said with a smile. "I indeed lost to him four years ago."

William's words sent ripples of commotion throughout the noble ranks as well as the students of the Hellan Royal Academy.

Aramis, who sat in a remote corner of the venue, raised an eyebrow as he looked at the boy, Kingsley.  

Cid and Aerith also looked at the smug looking side character who had the invisible words cannon fodder written on his forehead.  

"That person beat William?" Cid narrowed his eyes. "That weakling, beat William?"

Cid looked at the boy in disbelief. He couldn't accept the fact that William lost to someone whom he could easily defeat with a mere flick of his sword.  

"Maybe there was a mistake," Aerith said as she, too, looked in the cannon fodder's direction with a doubtful expression.

The members of the Angorian War Sovereign, who had personally witnessed William's incredible feats, looked at their commander and the Misty Sect disciple in disbelief.

"At least the new Knight Commander is honest," Kingsley stated in an arrogant tone.  

"Yes. Isn't it funny?" William asked back. "I, the loser, am now a Knight Commander, and the winner, you, is just one of the many disciples of the Misty Sect? It seems that the Misty Sect is a very poor and pitiful sect. They can't even see talent in order to give it the accolade it deserves."

William's smile widened as he taunted the boy who had played a dirty trick in their duel many years ago.  

"It seems that the Knight Commanders of the Hellan Kingdom lack class," the old woman, who was also the Great Elder of the Misty Sect, commented. "For you to speak such words against one of our disciples, who has won against you in a duel, sounds rather pitiful, doesn't it? What's the matter? Did it hurt your pride when everyone here became aware that you lost to one of the many disciples of the Misty Sect?"

Instead of getting angry, William only gave the old hag a haughty side-long glance before looking back at Noah.

"Your Majesty, what is the crime for besmirching the honor of a member of the Knight Order?" William asked.

Noah looked at William with a serious expression before giving his reply. "Fifty whips and a fine of a thousand gold coins."

"Then what if that person is a noble?" William inquired with an evil smile that screamed of murder.  

Noah's gaze narrowed as he answered William's question. "Any noble who dares to besmirch the honor of the commander of a Knight Order will be stripped of their title and their properties confiscated by the kingdom."

"Right." William nodded his head. The red-headed boy then faced the current Duke of the Rhode Family and grinned evilly. "Did you hear that, Mighty Duke of Rhode? Because of your son's stupidity and arrogance, your noble title will be stripped from your generation. My condolences."

Draven Rhodes, the current Duke of Rhode, looked back at William with a dumbfounded expression.

Earlier, he was feeling smug because his son had beaten the new Knight Commander and announced it to everyone. However, he didn't expect that this petty act would cause him to lose his title!  

Andreas, who was seated on the left side of the King laughed out loud. "I see, the son of a Duke dares to ridicule the Head of a Knight Order? I, Andreas, am very curious. Just where does this brat get his confidence from? Does he think that a puny little branch sect can save his life?"

Andreas grinned evilly as if he was already looking at a dead person. The nobles seated behind him unconsciously shuddered because they remembered a scene that had happened a few years ago.

There was once a Marquese that had ridiculed Andreas when he had just taken the position as head of the Knight Order of Gladiolus. On that same day, the entire family of the Marquesse were captured and beheaded by the Knight Order and their territories seized by them.

Currently, Andreas' rank was that of a Marquess and the properties he had right now belonged to the same Marquess that had slighted him.  

Draven couldn't allow such a thing to happen to his own family! So what if his son was a disciple of the Misty Sect? Their main branch was in the Central Continent. How could they possibly interfere in the affairs of the Hellan Kingdom?!


Chapter 209

"You unfilial son! Apologize to Lord William right now!" Draven roared in anger. The Duke of Rhode charged towards the boy and forcefully made him kneel in front of William.

"Apologize!" Duke Rhode grabbed his son's head and pushed it down on the ground.

"No! I will not apologize!" Kingsley tried to fight back. "Why should I apologize to a loser?! What? He became angry because I said that he lost to me? Is that it? How petty! Is this what the Knight Orders do? Eliminate those who defeat them in a fair duel?"

The old hag from the Misty Sect narrowed her eyes as he looked at the King of the Hellan Kingdom. "Your Majesty, are you sure you want to do this? Do you want to be on the black list of the Misty Sect?"

Noah smiled as he looked calmly at the Great Elder of the Misty Sect who was glaring at him.

"Misty Sect?" The corner of Noah's lips curled up in ridicule. "Your Sect has no power here. Did you forget? I merely allowed your sect to build a branch sect in my lands because you promised to abide by the laws of my Kingdom. 

"Right now, a disciple of your sect has broken the rules of my Kingdom. No, Lady Miriam. I am not afraid of your Misty Sect. If you don't like my rules then you can take all of your disciples and scram."

Lady Miriam gripped her staff in anger as tendrils of magic power condensed inside her body. However, before she could even do anything, she felt a very powerful killing intent that was as sharp as a blade pressing over her heart.

Her instinct was telling her that if she continued what she was about to do, she would die before she could complete her spell. Miriam slowly dispelled the power she had gathered and sighed.

She looked at the boy, Kingsley, whose head was being forcefully pressed to the ground by his own father. As the Great Elder of the Misty Sect, being unable to protect one of her disciples was a slap to her face. 

If not for the killing intent that had threatened her life, she might have raised a ruckus in order to tell everyone in the Hellan Kingdom that the Misty Sect cannot be humiliated. Unfortunately, she didn't have the ability to make that plan a reality.

After thinking for a while, Miriam thought of a plan that could at least save their Sect's face from the current situation.

"I have a proposal," Miriam said. "Since this incident is due to my disciple's arrogance, why don't we settle their grievances in a fair duel? All of us will stand here as witness that after this duel, both parties will put down the ill will they have for each other. How does that sound?"

Kingsley, who was being pinned down on the ground, struggled and raised his voice, "That's right! Do you dare to fight me in a fair duel?! I'll show everyone just what kind of weakling you are! Four years ago you lost to me and I hadn't even used my magic power in our duel. Do you dare fight me using my full power, or do you want me to give you a handicap?"

"You want a fair duel? Sure. I don't mind. However, a simple duel without any stakes in it is boring," William replied. "How about we spice things up and place bets to make it more interesting?"

"Hmp! Fine! Do you think I'm scared of a weakling like you?" Kingsley stood up and spat in disdain. "How about this, if I win, your position as the Head of the Knight Order will be mine."

"Okay, but what can you possibly give me in return if you lose?" William glanced at Miriam. "What can the Misty Sect possibly offer me that is equivalent to the position of the Head of the Knight Order of the Hellan Kingdom?"

Miriam had a calm expression on her face, but deep inside she was sneering. She had already subtly scanned William's body and found out that he was void of any magic power. Kingsley was a talented Magic Swordsman, so she wasn't worried that the boy would lose in the duel. She was even looking forward to seeing her disciple cripple the arrogant boy in front of her.

"What do you want in return?" Miriam asked. 

"What I want is really simple…" William glanced at his Ex-Fiance for a brief moment before facing the old hag once again. "I want you, and all the representatives of the Misty Sect, excluding Rebecca, to kneel in front of me, and say 'You are the most handsome Half-Elf in the Southern Continent. No one in the world is more handsome than you."

The members of the Angorian War Sovereign rolled their eyes because of their Commander's antics. They had already gotten used to his narcissism and simply treated his actions like the passing wind. 

"That's it?" Miriam inquired.

"Yes. That's it," William crossed his arms over his chest. "Simple, right?"

"Very well. I accept this condition." Miriam then looked at Kingsley with a serious expression. "If you win, I will allow you to train inside the Cold Prison for half a year. I will also give you three High-Grade Magic Crystals as a reward for your victory."

"I will not fail you, Great Elder!" Kingsley bowed respectfully. 

Deep down he was very excited by the rewards that were promised to him. Training inside the Cold Prison and acquiring High-Grade Magic Crystals would speed up his cultivation and allow him to break through to the next rank. 

"Well then, shall we start?" William asked.

"Let's!" Kingsley answered. "I will make you regret this."

William didn't reply and just walked towards the center of the venue, away from the crowd. He had forced the current situation using his authority as the Head of the Angorian Knight Order. 

Why did he do this? The reason was really simple. He needed a demonstration of his power and authority. He knew that even though he was now officially recognized as the head of a rising force, his impression on the nobles and the students was still not enough for them to recognize his authority.

Fortunately, Kingsley acted according to the "script" and couldn't keep his arrogant mouth shut. 

The disciple of the Misty Sect in front of him had donned his own armor in preparation for their battle. Like he had declared earlier, he would be using his full power to humiliate William in front of the nobility of the Hellan Kingdom.

William waited patiently for his opponent to finish his preparations and simply stood with his arms crossed over his chest. 

'The grudge I held from long ago will now be repaid in full,' William mused. 'I just hope that I don't accidentally kill him in the process. While that would be unfortunate, I have to give his Majesty some face. This will allow him to look good in the eyes of the other nobles.'

While William was thinking these things, he felt a heated gaze in the distance. The red-headed boy casually turned his head to see who was staring at him, and found a beautiful girl with long blonde hair, and blue eyes, looking at him anxiously.

William smiled and waved at Wendy. This action of his was seen by everyone, and their eyes locked on the girl whom the handsome Half-Elf had waved at. 

"Hmmm?" Lawrence eyed the young lady who had visited their domain many times in the past. With a glance, he could tell that Wendy liked William, and the latter seemed to have good feelings about her, too.

The Old Fox of Griffith felt his liver itch when he saw Wendy's face turn beet red when William waved at her. 

'Not good,' Lawrence thought. 'I'd better do something or else someone might get other ideas.'

The Old Fox of Griffith glanced towards his right side and saw a middle-aged man looking back at him. The man still looked handsome, even in his middle years, and he was looking at Lawrence with a calm expression.

He was none other than Spencer's and Wendy's father, Joaquin Armstrong, the current Duke of the Armstrong Duchy. 

Spencer had already written a letter to him telling him of Wendy's infatuation with his Head Prefect. The reason why Joaquin came to the academy was to have a better look at the boy who had caught his daughter's fancy and see if he was a possible candidate to become his son-in-law.

The two men stared at each other for half a minute before averting their gaze to look back at William. Both of them weren't able to read each other's thoughts, but one thing was clear. They would look at the results of this duel first, before making their final decision.

"I'm ready," Kingsley announced. "Let's begin!"

"Alright," William stood straight and placed his arms on the sides of his body. "Let's start, you can attack me anytime."

"Don't blame me if I accidentally kill you," Kingsley stated. "It's been a while since I've used my full power."

"Don't worry. Even if you team up with that old hag from the Misty Sect, you won't be able to kill me." 

"Are those your last words?"

William didn't reply, instead he yawned as if ridiculing Kingsley's attempt to taunt him.

"Die!" Kingsley unleashed all of his magical powers and gathered it in his sword, manifesting a sword aura.

"Final Phase, Phoenix Annihilation!" Kingsley roared as he became one with his sword and charged at William like a burning blue comet. 

Miriam clenched her fist in triumph because Kingsley initiated the third strongest move of their Misty Sect. Its power was enough to create a two-hundred meter wide crater and annihilate everything within range.

She was not worried about getting caught in the friendly fire because the court magicians had already established a magical barrier to prevent the bystanders from getting hurt.

'You will pay for your insolence!' Miriam sneered as her eyes focused on the arrogant boy that was about to die a miserable death. However, what she saw made her feel that something was amiss.

'Why isn't he moving?' Miriam thought.

Everyone in the venue had the same thought and they were wondering why William was just standing there like a street lamp.

Finally, when the blue comet was only meters away from the red-headed boy, William raised his hand and casually threw a punch. Just a simple punch and it made everyone's eyes widen in surprise.

A powerful shockwave erupted from the collision of William's punch and the blue comet. In that brief moment, the comet shattered into a shower of sparks and William's fist connected with Kingsley's chest.

The arrogant boy spat out a mouthful of blood before his body was blown away due to the force of William's casual strike. In the eyes of others, it was just a simple punch, but it was actually William's strongest attack.

Cid felt his heart itch when he saw the same move that defeated him a few weeks ago. He knew from first hand experience how deadly William's blow was. If he wasn't wearing the special armor given to him by his Master, he might have died back then.

"So weak," William muttered. "I only used twenty percent of my power and it's already over? Are the disciples of the Misty Sect really this weak?"

The boy's words, which were filled with ridicule, brought everyone out from their trance. Eleanor, Rebecca's Master, rushed in the direction of the fallen boy to check his condition. Just like her Great Elder, Miriam, Eleanor thought that the one who would have a miserable ending was William.

Never in her wildest dreams did she consider that Kingsley would be the one to suffer such a tragic end. 

Suddenly a notification appeared on William's status page. When he read the message, he almost laughed out loud due to the irony of it all. 

< Ding! >

< Hidden Quest has been cleared! >

< Vengeance is Always an Option >

< Reward: 2000 God Points >


Chapter 210

William didn't even bother to look at Kingsley and walked in the direction of the representatives of the Misty Sect.

As he came closer, the Misty Sect disciples felt their hearts beating wildly inside their chest. They were feeling anxious. Although the Handsome Half-Elf was smiling, they felt that they were about to be sent to the gallows to be hanged.

Miriam calmly looked at the boy and stepped forward. She was about to say something, but William had cut her off before she could even say a word.

"Now I'll know if the Misty Sect has any integrity or if they are just one of those third rate sects who don't have any sense of honor and dignity," William said in a very casual way. "Everyone here will serve as a witness and see for themselves just what kind of organization the Misty Sect is."

William ignored Mirian and stared straight at Rebecca. "Everyone will know, if the Misty Sect is just as good as you thought it would be."

Rebecca's face remained calm as she returned William's gaze. Four years had passed, and she had become more beautiful than the last time William had seen her. However, William was no longer the same innocent boy he was back then, who was easily affected by beautiful appearances. 

The red-headed boy gave Lawrence a side-long glance before turning his head back to Miriam.

"Well then, are you going to kneel or not?" William asked.

Miriam gripped the staff in her hand tightly. William didn't give her any opportunity to negotiate. He even shamelessly pushed her into a corner and used the name, honor, and dignity of the Misty Sect as blackmail material to force her to make an important decision.

Ignore the deal that she had made with the boy and have the Misty Sect labeled as an organization without honor, dignity, and integrity.

Or, accept the humiliation with gritted teeth as they kneeled in front of the young teenager in front of them. 

If they chose the second option, even if they adhered to the deal, it would become a black stain in their life. If they didn't do it then all the nobles in the Hellan Kingdom would look down on their sect. 

The worst part about this was if the news spread to the Central Continent. Miriam didn't dare think of the consequences that would fall upon her head if this news came out. Their Sect Master would definitely rip her head off her shoulders in anger, if she were to bring shame to their organization.

The nobles of the kingdom were waiting for Miriam's decision. Although they didn't like the boy, and they had conflicts with each other on a daily basis, when it came to external forces, they would always stick together as pillars of the Kingdom and lay down their differences for the greater good.

Miriam sighed as she slowly knelt on the ground. She had been the great elder of the Misty Sect for many years and never in her life had she experienced being forced to kneel in front of someone.

Usually, it was others who knelt before her to beg her for forgiveness. Sometimes, they would beg her, while kneeling, in order to ask her for a favor. 

The moment her knees touched the ground, she felt as if the world had lost its color. The disciples of the misty sect tearfully followed their elder's action and kneeled on the ground as well. 

As the proud members of the Misty Sect, they never would have thought that a day would come when they had to humble themselves in front of others.

William crossed his arms over his chest and looked down on Miriam as if he was looking at an insect. 

Miriam looked up on the boy that she had greatly underestimated. The Half-Elf wasn't that tall, but for some reason, she felt like she was looking up at a towering mountain. A mountain whose peak she couldn't see.

Her lips trembled as she forced herself to speak the words that they had agreed upon before the duel started.

"You are the most handsome Half-Elf in the Southern Continent," Miriam said through gritted teeth. "No one in the world is more handsome than you."

William nodded his head and turned his attention to the Misty Sect Disciples. He was looking at them with the "What are you kids waiting for?" expression on his face.

""You are the most handsome Half-Elf in the Southern Continent. No one in the world is more handsome than you.""

William shifted his gaze to the beautiful young lady that he had exempted from kneeling in front of him. The so-called genius that was born every two-hundred years. The girl that his grandfather had asked to become his fiance when he was still a one-year-old baby.

"Three years from now, I will climb the peaks of the Misty Sect to look for you," William announced. "I will make you understand that in the face of absolute strength, your talent, and beauty are meaningless. 

"The reason why I didn't choose to make you kneel today, is because you are, also, a noble of this kingdom. However, three years from now, we will be fighting on your home turf. Wash your knees until then. I will make sure that you properly kneel in front of me."

William then glanced at Rebecca's mother, Agatha. 

"I am someone who holds grudges," William stated. "I will make sure to return every insult, every ridicule, that I have received tenfold. Wash your neck until then."

William didn't bother to wait for Rebecca's or Agatha's reply and walked away. He had already said what he wanted to say, and there was no use staying in this place.

Dave's Gryphon, Lionheart, landed a few meters away from William, while pulling the golden carriage. The Half-Elf was about to climb it when Noah gave him a reminder.

"Lord William, tomorrow evening there will be a banquet held at the castle in your honor," Noah stated. "I'll be waiting for you there."

"By your will, your Majesty," William pressed his fist over his chest to salute Noah before climbing into the carriage. 

With an arrogant screech, Lionheart ran and soared towards the sky. Soon, the members of the Angorian War Sovereign, along with their Magical Mounts formed a protective formation around the carriage.

Andreas watched this scene with a mischievous smile on his face. He wanted to talk to William, but the boy had decided to return to his own Division in order to escape mingling with the noble households. 

'What an interesting junior,' Andreas thought. 'I'd better have a talk with him tomorrow.'

Noah watched as his new Knight Order disappeared into the Horizon. He was very satisfied with William's show of authority. It allowed the nobles of the kingdom to feel good about themselves because even the haughty Misty Sect had no choice but to bow down to a Knight Commander of their kingdom.

Lawrence looked at his granddaughter, who still had the calm expression on her face, before glancing at his daughter-in-law whose face had gone pale from fright. 

"Did you see it, Agatha?" Lawrence asked. "That is the same boy you called a filthy shepherd four years ago. You'd better make sure not to annoy or slander him again in the future. I don't want to see my son forced to relinquish his noble peerage because of your short-sightedness."

The Old Duke's veiled threat made Agatha's face even paler. She had never regretted her decision to try to break up her daughter's marriage agreement in the past. But now, things have changed.

William was no longer the lowly shepherd that she had ridiculed in the past. He was now in a position of authority. Not only that, he had even forced the Misty Sect, who was well-known in the Central Continent, to kneel.

Agatha had clearly heard Willliam's words that he was someone who held grudges. She had already seen how ruthless he could be, so she didn't dare find out what kind of revenge the boy would have on her if she provoked him further. 

Lawrence saw his daughter-in-law's troubled expression and decided to leave it at that. As an Old Fox, he understood William's intention and even praised him for paving a path for his granddaughter's success in the Misty Sect.

After making their Seven-Year Duel known to everyone, it would force the Misty Sect into pooling all of their resources into making Rebecca stronger. That way, she would be able to beat William in their duel and recover their Sect's prestige.

Lawrence glanced at Joaquin who was currently looking at Wendy's blushing face. The young lady, who was the same age as Rebecca, was clearly infatuated with William. The Old Fox's scheming mind started to turn its gears.

Although he didn't know what the outcome of the Seven-Year Duel would be, it would be best to have a talk with Joaquin and lay out some conditions between the two of them.

Mordred had a very smug expression on his face as his peers looked at him with newfound respect. He wanted to shout and tell everyone "I was the one who raised that kid!" and similar boastful words, but he knew that it was a lie, so he didn't proceed with his plan.

Even so, he was very proud of William's domineering performance which made the other nobles reel in their arrogance. Even those who ridiculed him earlier were keeping quiet for fear that he would remember them.

'Tsk, you lot are lucky that I'm not my father,' Mordred mused. 'If my father were here, all of you would be puking blood because of his shameless demands for compensation.'

Mordred turned his head to look at the hooded figure in the distance. His father didn't come to witness William's ceremony because the Sword Saint would be there. The two of them would definitely not be able to control themselves and land blows on each other.

'Aramis Bran Caliburn…,' Mordred narrowed his eyes. Although Mordred didn't want to admit it, he admired his father's nemesis. 

The reason? Because he was the only man that his father had considered a worthy opponent among all the experts in the entire world of Hestia. 


Chapter 211

"You sure know how to make a ruckus," Est said as he stared at the handsome Half-Elf who was lying on the couch.

"I missed you, too, Est," William replied as he looked at his good friend, whom he hadn't seen for a month. "How is everything in the academy?"

"Nothing much has changed, but the academy will resume their lessons a week from now," Est reported. "Are you sure you want to get on the bad side of the Misty Sect? They're quite a strong faction in the Central Continent."

"They attacked me first," William countered. "I was minding my own business, but they just had to annoy me. Do you think I will just stand there and allow them to humiliate me? Not happening."

Est sighed, but William was right. If Kingsley hadn't made a scene, everything would have ended smoothly. Ian and Isaac stood behind Est and nodded their heads in agreement.

"By the way, are you guys interested in joining my Knight Order?" William asked. "If you join now, I'll throw in a Wyvern as a freebie."

Est snorted, but still felt happy that William invited him to join his Knight Order. Unfortunately, he couldn't due to some complicated reasons.

"Although I can't join you, I'll ask around my Division to see if there is anyone interested," Est replied.

William smiled and nodded his head. He was a little disappointed that Est didn't join him, but he didn't allow it to show on his face.

It was then when a knock was heard on the door and William raised his lazy bum to answer it.

"Who is it?" William asked while his hand held the handle of the door.

"It's me, Wendy," Wendy replied. "I came here because Thor wants to see you."

William grinned and opened the door. Immediately, the beautiful blonde girl appeared before his eyes. It had been a month since he last saw Wendy and it made him want to tease her.

"Are you sure that it is only Thor that misses me?" William inquired with a mischievous smirk.

Wendy lowered her head as a blush crept on her face. She could still vividly remember what happened an hour ago. William's arrogance made her see a side of him that she hadn't seen before.  

For some reason, seeing her crush's "bad boy" image made her heart skip a beat.

"I guess I missed you a little as well," Wendy compromised as she forced herself to answer.

William didn't want to bully her so much and decided to stop his teasing. He then opened the door wider and invited Wendy to come inside the room.

"Head Prefect, you're also here?" Wendy asked as soon as she saw Est.

"I just arrived ten minutes ago," Est answered.  

William pulled Wendy along as he made her sit on the couch beside him. Seeing the two of them this close made Est's and Ian's hearts itch, but there was nothing they could do.  

Both of them know that Wendy was a good girl. They also knew that she had a big crush on William. Even so, they still felt envious that Wendy got to spend some time with William in a carefree manner, without worrying about anything in the world.

Wendy picked up Thor from the floor and placed him on her lap. She then started to pat his head. The beautiful lady was trying to build up her courage in order to ask William if he would like to dance with her tomorrow at the banquet that was prepared in his honor.

While she was organizing her thoughts, William casually held her hand, which made her raise her head to look at him.

"Tomorrow, at the banquet, can you be my first dance?" William asked. "I'm worried that because of how handsome I am, the ladies will fight for the chance to dance with me. In order to prevent this calamity from happening, I will have to ask you to accompany me for the duration of the banquet."

""Huh?!""

Est and Ian were dumbfounded by William's proposal. He asked it so naturally that it didn't sound out of place. Also, he gave a valid excuse in order to make Wendy agree to his request.  

It never occurred to the two of them that William could be this smooth when interacting with the ladies. Their gazes locked on William's and Wendy's hands that were enclasped to each other.  

"O-Okay," Wendy replied. "I will accompany you tomorrow and make sure that none of the girls bother you."

"Great." William grinned.

After taking his revenge on Kingsley and showing the old hag her place, William was in a very good mood. He was not afraid of the Misty Sect because their area of influence was in the Central Continent. Also, he was the Commander of the Second Knight Order in the Hellan Kingdom. Miriam would think thrice before messing with him again.

William's strategy was for the Misty Sect to focus their attention on Rebecca and help her become strong, so that she would be able to defeat him during their promised battle. The Half-Elf was confident that the Misty Sect wouldn't allow their reputation to be tarnished so they would not make any foul moves on him for the remaining duration of the agreement.

It was also William's own way to tell the nobles that he was not a pushover. If they thought that they could belittle him, just because he was young, they had another thing coming for them.

"Although I'm fine with accompanying you tomorrow, is it really fine for me to do that?" Wendy asked. "There are many girls who want to form a connection with you at tomorrow's banquet. I don't think I will be able to hold them all off."

"Don't worry." William assured her. "I have a Plan B."

"And just what is this Plan B of yours?" Ian asked.

He wasn't able to stop himself from asking the smug-faced boy who was still holding Wendy's hand. If looks could maim, William would have already been castrated a hundred times over.

William glanced at Ian and snorted. "You'll find out tomorrow. I'm not telling you anything."

Ian clicked his tongue, but didn't continue the argument. He had come to know that arguing with William was pointless because the red-headed boy has a thick skin.

"Ah! Why didn't I think of this sooner," William said as he returned his gaze to Wendy. "Would you like to join my Knight Order?"

Wendy's eyes widened in surprise. Truth be told, she was hoping that she could join William's Knight Order, so she could become closer to him. "Can I?"

"Of course you can. If you like, you can be assigned to my personal Knight Squadron." William glanced at Est who had a frown on his face. "Will you allow her to join my Knight Order?"

Est reluctantly nodded his head. He didn't have a reason to stop Wendy from joining William's Knight Order because he knew that William needed more talented people under him. However, he was worried that William and Wendy would become closer if the two were left alone, so he decided to use a method to prevent them from taking their relationship to the next level.

"Can you let Ian also join your Knight Order?" Est asked. "He's a very capable warrior. I'm sure that he would be a great addition to your ranks."

"No." William replied in a heartbeat. "Why would I allow this snot-nosed pansy to join my Knight Order? No way!"

Ian raised an eyebrow but he kept his silence. He was wondering what Est was up to, so he decided not to make a move that might jeopardize his Young Master's plan.

"Listen, the way things are right now, it would be hard for you to move around without people proficient in magic," Est explained. "Also, even though the two of you argue a lot, Ian would not do anything that would put your Knight Order into chaos."

William leaned back on the couch and considered Est's proposal. It was true that although he argued with Ian a lot, he had a feeling that he could put his trust in the snot-nosed pansy who was always trying to pick a fight with him.

Having Ian around was better than having complete strangers become part of his personal Knight Squadron.

"Fine, but I have a condition," William stated. "From now on, you are not allowed to purposely anger me again. Also, after you join my Knight Order, you will call me Sir. If you can agree to these two conditions then I will allow you to join my organization.

Ian glanced at Est and the latter nodded his head. Est's loyal retainer knew that he had been entrusted with an important mission by his Young Master. Although he didn't know the full details, it would be best to agree to it for now and consult with Est later when they returned to the Magic Division Class.

"Very well, I promise," Ian replied. "I will do my best to be of service to you, Sir."

Est looked at his trusted retainer while sighing inside. This was the only thing he could do to monitor William's actions. As a new Knight Order under the King's Banner, there were a lot of expectations that were placed on William's shoulders.

Est was hoping that by adding Ian as his supporter, he would be able to ease his friend's burden even if it was only by a little bit.


Chapter 212

William looked in the mirror and smiled. He then turned his body left and right to see if there was something wrong with his attire. Seeing that everything was in place, he struck a cool pose and faced his Mama who was lying on the floor, along with Dia, Thor, and Ragnar.  

"What do you think, Mama?" William asked. "Am I handsome, or am I handsome?"

"Meeeeh."

"How about my clothes?"

"Meeeeh."

"Right? Aunt Helen gave these to me before we left Lont."

Ella bleated softly and assured William that his clothes looked good on him.

Dia, who was resting on Ella's head, slithered towards William. She then climbed his body, and coiled up around his neck like she usually did. Thor, and Ragnar on the other hand, barked in order to show their support to their Master.

"I'm sorry, I can't take the three of you to the banquet," William said as he gently rubbed Dia's head before removing her from his neck and placing her back on Ella's head. "Mama, please, look after them for me."

Ella nodded her head in understanding. "Meeeeh."

William knew that it would be a bad idea to bring the three kids to the banquet. Although he was not worried that other people would try to capture them under the watchful eye of the guards in the palace, there might be powerful individuals who would be able to discern their monster breeds.  

Were that to happen, he knew he would have just invited trouble to come knocking on his door. Hence, why he decided that it would be best to let them stay under Ella's care.

William looked at the clock hanging on the wall and decided that now was as good a time as any to leave the academy. He waved goodbye to his small family as he walked towards the door.

It was at that moment when a notification from the God Shop arrived and caught William's attention.

------

< God Shop Mail >

"Attention to the Devout Followers of the Gods from the Ten Thousand Temple. Great rewards are waiting for each and everyone of you!

The God of Alchemists has issued a commission that is open to everyone.

He is currently looking for extremely rare and potent ingredients that he will use for his experiments. If any of you are able to acquire the items on our list, please, send a message to me, Mercurius, the Manager of the God Shop, directly.  

I will assist you in transporting the materials to the Alchemy God free of charge! However, anyone who sends me troll messages will immediately be banned from using the God Shop for a hundred years.  

Here is the list of materials that the Alchemist God is looking for and the rewards associated with them.

----

Spring of Life - 100,000 God Points

Baphomet's Horn - 50,000 God Points

A liter of Empyrean's Blood - 20,000 God Points

Ink of Krakens - 10,000 God Points

-----

William checked the materials listed by the God of Alchemists one by one, in the hope that there was something that he could exchange for God Points. After reading the entire list, the Half-Elf scratched his head because everything that was written there were extremely rare materials.

"Ink of Krakens?" William snorted. "I'd die before I could even approach that thing."

The list was long and there were over a hundred ingredients listed in it. Although he was tempted, there was nothing he could do about it.

WIlliam put the matter of the God of Alchemists to the back of his mind. Right now, he didn't have the time nor the ability to hunt for these materials. For now, he needed to focus his attention on the banquet that was prepared in their honor.  

--------

As he walked outside the Solaris dormitory, William noticed that all the members of the Angorian War Sovereign had lined themselves up to welcome him. All of them were mounted on their Hipogriffs.  

Conrad and his Wyvern stood beside the Flying Carriage like a bodyguard waiting for the VIP to arrive.  

Kenneth, Priscilla, Spencer, and Drake stood near the carriage, and each of them looked amazing in their attire.  

Dave stood beside the carriage door and waited for William to step close enough, so that he could open the door for his Commander.

Since they were the main stars of the banquet, all of them would accompany William to show their faces to the nobles and other influential figures of the Hellan Kingdom.

The commoners who were part of the Knight Order, couldn't hold back the grins on their faces. This was a dream come true for them. With the help of their new rank, it would not be difficult to marry into the nobility and enjoy a few luxuries while they were at it.

The students of the Martial Classes that had left during William's invitation meeting couldn't help but regret their decision. They watched this scene from afar with jealousy. However, what was done was done. The only thing they could do now was to wait for another opportunity to hug William's thigh and never let it go again.

When William and the rest of the officers were safely inside the carriage, Dave returned to the coachman's seat and nodded his head to Conrad.

"Let's go." Conrad patted his partner, and the Wyvern flapped its mighty wings to soar to the sky.

The Hippogriffs followed suit and joined their Knight-Captain in a V Formation.  

They circled the Martial Class Division once before William's flying carriage joined their ranks. As usual, he was in the center of the formation, protected by an impressive aerial platoon of magical beasts.

"Circle the academy once," William ordered. "Show them how impressive our Knight Order is."

""Yes, Sir!""

With Conrad at the lead, the Angorian War Sovereign paraded around the Hellan Royal Academy before flying towards the palace, leaving sighs of envy and admiration in their wake.

When they arrived near the air space of the palace, three Gryphon Riders appeared to guide them to the special area that was designated for the members of the Angorian War Sovereign.

"To think that I'd be going into the palace like this, it feels like a dream," Drake commented as he looked down from the carriage window.  

"Same here," Spencer commented. Even though he didn't like William getting close to his twin sister, he had to admit that the red-headed boy's achievement was very impressive.  

William was seated comfortably in his seat with his eyes closed. He was doing his best not to act smug in front of his subordinates. As the Commander of a Knight Order he had to show a refined, elegant, and charismatic side of him to the people in the castle.

Fortunately, Feyright taught him a lot about interacting with nobles and how to act like a VIP during special occasions.  

When the carriage had safely landed on the ground, Dave opened the door and allowed the officers to disembark first. Just like they had done during the Knighting ceremony, Kenneth and the others lined up on the side of the carriage and waited for William to step outside.  

They were met by the butler of the King as well as over fifty palace maids wearing white clothing. The palace servants simultaneously bowed their heads to show respect to William and his entourage before leading them to the main entrance of the Event Hall of the Palace.  

As soon as the name of their Knight Order was announced, all the eyes inside the venue locked onto the handsome Half-Elf. William had an angelic smile on his face that made all the young ladies look at him with great interest.

Some of them were even blushing because William looked so suave in the princely attire that his Aunt Helen had made for him for this very occasion. With the grace of a dancer, and the elegance of a prince, William led his entourage to the special seats that were reserved for them.

Just like most banquets, several tables and chairs were grouped in an orderly fashion. These separated the different factions within the Hellan Kingdom.

William scanned the surroundings and found a few familiar faces among the crowd. Aramis gave him a brief nod before averting his gaze. He was the head of the Southern Faction of the nobles and he had to play his part as one of the pillars that supported the kingdom.  

He then looked towards the Western Side of the hall and saw Lawrence raising a wine cup to him. The Old Fox of Griffith was the head of the nobles in the Western Faction of the Kingdom. Ironically, the Duchy of Armstrong, where Spencer and Wendy were born, was also part of this group.

William didn't know anyone from the Northern and Eastern Faction, so he merely gave them a brief glance before shifting his attention to the beautiful young lady who was looking at him shyly from afar.

Wendy was wearing a pink, ruffled, princess-ball-gown dress that made her look like an innocent fairy that had wandered into the human kingdom.  

She was seated beside a middle-aged man who was looking at her with gentle eyes.  

The man then turned his head to look at William. His gentle gaze became as sharp as a sword as it bored through his body.  

William smiled and gave Wendy's father a brief nod before winking at the beautiful lady whose face started to turn red.

"Commander, please, don't ogle my sister," Spencer commented from the side. "Or else, my father will stab you with his sword."

William ignored Spencer's snarky comment and continued to scan the room. His gaze then landed on the brown haired beauty wearing a purple, sleeveless, ball gown dress that was adorned with countless shimmering stars.  

Feeling William's stare, Rebecca turned her head to meet his gaze. As if reaching an agreement, both of them simultaneously nodded their heads at each other before averting their gazes.  

The Half-Elf had to admit that his Ex-Fiance was indeed a very beautiful girl. If not for the intervention of her mother Agatha, and her Master, Eleanor, the two of them might still be betrothed to each other.  

William sighed internally as he tried to remember the outcome of similar "arranged marriages" in the novels that he had read in the past. All of them led to the Main Character having some sort of fall out with his fiance.  

There were even cases when the two became enemies and tried to kill each other on various occasions.  

William planned on breaking the agreement between his Grandpa and Lawrence after he beat Rebecca in their duel three years from now. He had no intention of forcing someone to marry him.  

Wendy saw everything that happened and felt her heart ache. She gave Rebecca a brief glance before lowering her head to look down on her skirt. Her two slender, and delicate, hands rested over her skirt as she tried her best not to ball them into fists.

She felt a bit intimidated by Rebecca because the girl was more beautiful than her. While she was feeling down, a firm and eloquent voice reached her ear.

"My lady, would you give me the honor of dancing with you?"

Wendy raised her head when she heard the familiar voice.

A pair of light-green eyes, that shone like emeralds, looked at her with a gentle gaze. William posed in a gesture of invitation and patiently waited for Wendy's reply.  

Ironically, the one who answered William's invitation was not Wendy, but her father, Joaquin Armstrong. The current Duke of the Armstrong Duchy.

"Go on, Wendy," Joaquin commented. "The Knight Commander is asking for a dance. It would be impolite to reject his invitation."

"Y-Yes," Wendy stuttered as she placed her hand over William's.

William smiled and nodded to Joaquin while giving him two thumbs up in his heart. The reason why he approached Wendy was to know what her father thought of him. After hearing Joaquin's comment, William was sure that the latter didn't hate the idea of his daughter having a relationship with him.

As a newly appointed Knight Commander, William had very few allies within the nobility. This short exchange with Wendy's father allowed him to test the waters and have a better grasp of the man's personality.

Everyone was paying close attention to William, and they were surprised when he guided a beautiful girl to the center of the vast hall.  

It was still too early and the musicians were still in the midst of tuning their instruments. They were wondering if William was doing this to make a fool of himself.  

As they were about to start whispering at each other, a soft, slow, and beautiful tune reverberated inside the vast hall.

Feyright, William's former teacher, and second best friend, stood on an elevated platform and began to sing while playing his lute.  

"Tale as old as chime,

Song as old as Lime

Beauty and the Bestie~"


Chapter 213

Everyone watched as the pair danced in the center of the hall with great interest.  

As the only daughter of a noble household, Wendy was taught many things when she was young, and among those was dancing. She was a very good dancer. But, even she was amazed at how good William was when it came to dancing.

William, who had been trained by Feyright, not only excelled in singing, but dancing as well. The bard made sure that William would be able to dance properly even if he was dancing with princesses and queens.  

"I didn't expect that you would also be good at dancing," Wendy commented as the two danced on the dance floor.  

William held her waist firmly as he guided Wendy to do a twirl. He then smiled and stared at Wendy in the eyes which made the young lady's heart beat wildly inside her chest.  

"I'm a Jack of all trades," William said with pride. He then playfully lowered his head to whisper something in her ears. "There are plenty more things that I can do that you don't know about."

"Like what?" Wendy whispered back. William's confidence was starting to rub off onto her and she was feeling bolder with each passing second.

"This and that," William replied.  

There was no way that William could tell her that he could be whatever he wanted to be. If not for the fact that his powers were sealed, there was a high chance he would have become the Head Prefect of the Magic Division, instead of Est.

Although the two were just whispering at each other, those who were watching thought of their actions as a sign of intimacy. Lawrence gave Joaquin a side-long glance before shifting his gaze towards his granddaughter.

Rebecca wasn't looking at the two. Instead, she had focused her attention on controlling the snowflake in the palm of her hand. The Old Fox of Griffith sighed in his heart as he shook his head helplessly.

'At least their marriage agreement is not officially void,' Lawrence thought. 'Many things can happen in three years. Maybe I can help the two get closer during that span of time.'

William and Wendy danced happily until the song came to a close.  

After the two made a curtsy at each other, a round of applause reverberated in the hall. Wendy's face immediately turned red because she had completely forgotten that they were inside the palace and not the academy.

William, seeing his partner's reaction, came to the rescue and guided Wendy towards the tables where his Knight Order was stationed.  

The banquet was held in order to honor him and his subordinates, so it was perfectly normal to have Wendy join his table because she, too, was an official member of his Knight Order.  

William's plan was simple, Wendy sat on his right, while Priscilla sat on his left. With two beautiful ladies at his side, it would deter other girls from approaching him.  

The boys looked at William with jealousy, while the girls looked at Wendy and Priscilla with envy.  

Mordred, who was seated among the Western Faction, was laughing internally. He was thinking that his father, James, would be over the moon if he saw how popular his grandson was.

'Still, you're far too naive, Will, if you think that the two girls beside you will be able to prevent others from making their move,' Mordred thought. 'You're a hot potato right now and everyone wants to form a connection with you. I bet the old geezers are going to send their daughters and granddaughters over to try to honey trap you. The only question is, will you bite?'

Mordred looked at the winecup in his hand and smiled. This was why his father moved to the farthest edge of the Western Regions. He didn't like mingling with the nobles of the Hellan Kingdom and only dealt with his old acquaintances like Lawrence.

While everyone's eyes were still focused on William, the butler made an announcement and everyone in the room stood to welcome their King.  

Noah wore majestic attire worthy of his rank. Three boys trailed behind him. They were the three princes of the Hellan Kingdom. The oldest prince was nineteen years old. The second prince was sixteen and the third prince was only nine. Just like their father, they had all inherited his good looks and many of the noble ladies looked at them with admiration.

Of course, among the three princes, it was the Crown Prince that garnered the most attention.  

Lionel Arthur Vi Hellan, the Crown Prince of the Hellan Kingdom, was the object of affection for most noble ladies in the kingdom. As the Crown Prince, he would be the future king when his father retired from the throne.

Naturally, such a position of power was irresistible to the noble households, and all of them wanted one of their daughters to become the lucky girl that would catch the prince's attention.

The second prince, Rufus Patrick Vi Hellan, was younger than him by three years. However, the second prince was a bit special. Just like Rebecca, Rufus was also hailed as a rare genius. As a prince of a kingdom, all the necessary resources were given to him in order to ensure his growth.

He was a genius Battle Mage that had been trained exclusively by the kingdom's Grand Archmage, Emrys. There were even rumors that after his coming of age ceremony, the title of Crown Prince would be switched to him. Although these rumors were unfounded, the King himself didn't put a stop to these rumors.  

It was as if Noah was still thinking of who, between the first and second prince, would be worthy of becoming his successor.  

The last Prince, Ernest Louis Vi Hellan, shared his father's name. The young prince was born with Grade S Talent in Magic, and had been under the personal care of the Dean of the Hellan Royal Academy, Simon.  

Perhaps due to him being the youngest, the Queen spoiled him more than his older brothers. Ernest was a young scholar and his craving for knowledge was well known to the King and his ministers.  

Simon even proposed that when Ernest reached the age of twelve, he should be sent to the most prestigious academy in the Central Continent, which was the Saint Hestia Academy where the geniuses of the world gathered.

The Dean was hoping that his pupil could be away from the conflict between the First and Second Prince as they subtly battled for the throne in the shadows.

Noah gazed at his subjects with a smile. He then raised his hand and asked everyone to sit down and enjoy the banquet.  

At the corner of the banquet hall, Est stared at the King as well as the three princes by his side. His face was as calm as a still lake, but inside his heart, faint ripples started to move across the water.  

Ian and Isaac looked at their Young Master with worried faces, but none of them moved to comfort him.  

"Don't worry,' Est said without turning his head to look at his two royal retainers. "I'm fine. This is nothing."

Yes. This was nothing.  

Est told himself repeatedly as he lowered his gaze to look at the floor. He was afraid that if he looked any longer at the smiling Crown Prince, the emotions inside his heart would come to the surface, and that would not be a good thing.

-----

"It looks like your crush is here, Rufus," Lionel said with a smile. "The musicians are going to start playing any moment. Why don't you ask her for a dance?"

The way he acted was like a kind older brother who really cared for his younger brother's well being, but Rufus knew better. It was all just an act in order to taunt him.  

Lionel knew that Rufus had a big crush on Rebecca because she was the genius "Ice Princess" that had a Perfect Grade Talent. A lady that his younger brother had admired for many years, but didn't dare to talk to.

"If you don't make your move then shall I make mine?" Lionel asked. "She's very beautiful and suits my taste perfectly. Who knows? She might also be my future Queen when I feel like it."

Rufus calmly looked at his older brother with a smile. "There's a reason why Sir Lawrence didn't join your Faction. It's because he knows that you are a snake. Do you really believe that he'll allow his beloved granddaughter to fall into your hands? Keep dreaming, Big Brother of mine."

"So, are you going to dance with her or not? You say so many things and yet, you can't answer a simple question."

"..."

Lionel snorted. He knew that Rebecca was Rufus' weakness. As long as he used her in an argument, Rufus would never win against him.

Ernest just sat at the side with his head lowered. He had no intention of joining his brothers' conversation, and the two didn't intend for him to be caught in their quarrel. Although Lionel and Rufus didn't get along with each other, they still treated their youngest brother in a civil manner.

The Youngest Prince then suddenly felt a warm gaze looking at him. He slowly raised his head to look at the corner of the room. There he saw Est who was looking at him with a kind smile.

Ernest returned his smile briefly before once again lowering his head. Happy memories of his childhood emerged inside his mind as he recalled all the times that he and Est had played with each other in secret in the garden behind the Royal Palace.


Chapter 214

A few hours later, the party was in full swing. Performers, and other entertainers, wowed everyone with their amazing display of skills and talent.  

Even though William had two beauties by his side, he was unable to refuse the invitations of the ladies from the powerful families. The reason? It was because the King had personally walked up to him and whispered something in his ear.  

Because of that reason, William was not able to refuse the advances of the ladies and interacted with them as politely as possible. He didn't make any promises, nor did he entertain any kind of subtle agreement when it came to marriage.

If James was there, he would have definitely pulled all of these ladies into a corner to tell them that he approved of all of them. He would even go as far as to set a grand wedding so that William could marry them all. Fortunately, he was not here, and that saved William from a future marriage calamity.  

As a stopgap measure to prevent the more aggressive girls from taking things a step further, William shamelessly used Rebecca as a shield and told everyone that his "Fiance" and him were still engaged and would settle their dispute in three years.  

Although those present in the ceremony had witnessed William's declaration to Rebecca, many still didn't know the reason behind it.

Since the favorite pastime of the young ladies in the kingdom, when they gathered, was to gossip, William's and Rebecca's "Seven-Year Duel" became known to all the nobles in the Hellan Kingdom a few days after the banquet was over.

Of course, this was also part of William's plan in order to prevent anyone from making moves on him. If they wanted to make a move on him, they needed to go see Lawrence and his Grandfather first.

Yes. The Half-Elf dumped all the responsibility onto the two old geezers who started all of this mess!

In order to escape further advances from the ladies, he once again invited Wendy to dance with him and the latter happily accepted his invitation.  

As William and Wendy danced together, Carter eyed them from a distance.

"Is she the young lady you spoke of, Charlotte?" Carter asked. His eyes had locked onto the beautiful young lady that was currently in William's arms.  

"Yes," Charlotte replied. "She's Wendy. A very good friend of mine and the only daughter of the Duke of Armstrong. She's one of the bride candidates that I was talking to you about."

"Do the two of you get along well?" Carter inquired.  

"I have known her since she was eight years old." Charlotte smiled. "She calls me Big Sister and the two of us are very close. If possible, I want her to be Professor's future wife as well. Ah! I almost forgot. She also likes your candies very much. Two days ago, she asked me if she could have more. Professor, you'd better make more of those candies so I can share them with her."

"I see." Carter caressed Charlotte's hand affectionately. "You did a good job. Also, thank you for thinking of me. I promise that I will give you plenty of love tomorrow."

Charlotte blushed because Carter had praised her. She didn't know that she was very close to becoming Carter's "evil accomplice" due to the power of the suggestion spell that had almost consumed her entire being.  

Charlotte didn't even know that she was going to make her good friend, Wendy, fall into the hands of a demon that would ravage her heart and body inside and out.  

Carter gazed at his "bride candidate" with lecherous eyes. Although Wendy was still young, her body was developing in the right places. The professor could feel the fire of lust fanning his loins as he stared at the pure, and innocent, girl in the distance.

'In two or three years, that young lady will grow to be a peerless beauty,' Carter thought. 'I guess I'd better increase my "candy production" so that Charlotte can share it with her.'

Carter had a special ability of absorbing the life force of anyone he kissed. This strengthened his magic power as well as increased his own life force. However, if he were able to make love to a lady, he would be able to control them remotely because he was able to implant his seed deep inside their wombs.  

That way, he could order them to do anything he wanted. They wouldn't even bat an eye when commanded to kill someone once they had fallen completely under his control. Although this same kind of deed was possible with the suggestion spell, those affected by it could still resist if they had a strong willpower.

However, the moment he made love to them, they would be his slaves forever.  

-----

Lionel stared at William like a wolf.  

When he heard that a new Knight Order was going to be founded in the Kingdom, the first thing that came to his mind was to make it his private force.  

His father, Noah, had the Knight Order of Gladiolus under him. They were a very powerful organization that only answered to the King. They also carry out "special missions" for the kingdom that would impact the lives of its citizens.

Lionel had always thought of himself as the next King of the Hellan Kingdom. He was the Crown Prince, so this mindset was perfectly justified. The only problem was that Lionel had a vice--an overwhelming greed for power.

Whenever he heard that a talented individual had appeared, he would immediately send his subordinates to bribe them to come under his wing. If not for the fact that the Misty Sect had sought out Rebecca first, he would have done everything in his power to put the beautiful lady under his command.

Unfortunately, even if there was no Misty Sect blocking his way, the Old Duke of Griffith, Lawrence, would not allow him to do as he wished. Lionel still wondered why the old fox was opposing him. The prince couldn't remember any incident that made the two of them clash, and yet, Lawrence would always treat him in a cold manner, even if he tried to be chummy with him.

'Truly a shame,' Lionel thought. Although he was not in love with Rebecca, he had to admit that she was a lady worthy of his rank. As a rarely seen genius that was born every two-hundred-years, who had a body that was blessed with a Perfect Grade Talent, it was impossible not to be moved.

Truth be told, the lady that Lionel wanted to marry was none other than the Third Princess of the Kingdom of Freesia. When he met her during a conference of the Four Kingdoms, he had fallen in love with her at first sight.

The Third Princess always wore a veil to cover her face. If not for that hunting accident when she had fallen off her horse, and he had saved her, he wouldn't have had the opportunity of seeing the face behind the veil.

Lionel had only seen her face for half a minute, but it was more than enough to make him hopelessly in love with her. This was another reason he had for wanting to seize the throne. He wanted to negotiate with their long-standing ally for a marriage between their two kingdoms.

A few years ago, an unknown organization had approached him and asked him if he was interested in becoming the Emperor of the entire Southern Continent.  

They even promised that they could make any girl he fancied become his woman if he worked with them in secret.

Their leader even vaguely hinted that the Beast Tide, that almost brought the Hellan Kingdom to its knees, had been their doing. The man even respectfully advised him to accept his offer before they changed their mind.

Lionel was not a fool. He didn't accept their offer, but didn't reject it either. All he said was that he would only seriously consider their proposal if the organization could show him what they were capable of doing.  

The man agreed and left. But before they ended their conversation, he told Lionel that he wasn't the only candidate that they were planning to make the Emperor of the entire Southern Continent.

Although the man didn't give him some kind of ultimatum, Lionel understood what the representative of the organization was trying to say.  

If he was of no use to their cause then they would not waste their time on him.

What the Secret Organization wanted from him was a key that was under Noah's safekeeping. Once he gave them the key, they would serve the Southern Continent to him on a silver platter.  

'The key that would open the treasure vault in the Undying Lands,' Lionel thought as he glanced at his father who was talking to the Sword Saint in the distance. He was already leaning towards the idea of betraying his kingdom and becoming an agent of the organization.

Lionel leaned back in his chair and stared at the nobles gathered in the banquet. All of them thought that he would become their King once his father retired from the throne. What they didn't know was that he was secretly laughing at all of them.

Why would he settle to be a King, when he could become the Emperor of an entire continent?  

After he was crowned the Emperor of the Southern Continent, he would then set his sights on the Central Continent and use the organization's backing to subdue anyone that blocked his way.  

Lionel's smile widened.  

The Crown Prince could already imagine his bright future. Surrounded by riches, beautiful women, and the one girl he desired the most in the world.  

And all that was stopping him from achieving it all was a key. A key that would open the doors of Hell and bring the world to ruin.


Chapter 215

It was getting late, and most of the nobles had their fill of the activities, food, drinks, and gossip.  

Lionel, the Crown Prince, thought that it would be very interesting to see his brother's reaction if he took Rebecca to the dancefloor for the last song of the night.

With this thought in mind, he rose from his seat and walked towards the tables where Rebecca and her grandfather were seated. The moment he made his move, the eyes of the ladies locked onto him and prayed in their hearts that they would get the honor of dancing with him.

It didn't take long for them to realize that Lionel was making a beeline towards Rebecca.  

The second prince's expression suddenly became serious when he realized what his older brother was about to do. He hesitated, but in the end, stood up from his seat to follow behind his brother. Rufus would rather invite Rebecca to a dance than let his older brother have his way with her.  

When Lionel was only ten meters away from Rebecca, the prided genius of the Misty Sect stood up and walked towards the table of the Angorian War Sovereign.  

Lionel's brow rose and Rufus stopped in his tracks.  

Rebecca walked with grace and confidence until she reached the table of the Half-Elf who was busy chatting with her good friend, Wendy. Naturally, William felt her presence and turned his head to look at her.  

The beautiful young lady wearing a sleeveless, purple gown, adorned with glittering stars, that made everyone around her feel insecure, made a curtsy. She then stared at William with her light-green eyes that were as clear and beautiful as his and invited him to dance.  

"Lord William, will you give me the honor of sharing this last dance with you?" Rebecca asked with a smile.

Looking at his "Fiance", William nodded his head and bowed respectfully at her. "It will be my honor to dance with one of the beautiful jewels of the kingdom."

William extended his hand and Rebecca accepted it. Together, they walked towards the center of the hall like a couple that was made in Heaven.  

He, a dazzling prince with red-hair that made the ladies sigh in admiration.  

She, a celestial princess that came from the night sky to break the hearts of men.

The guests in the ballroom parted to let them through. The beautiful pair took center stage with grace and confidence that made everyone wonder if their "Seven-Year-Duel" was just a ruse in order to hide how deeply, and madly, in love they were to each other.  

When the music played, William's hand firmly rested on her waist, while Rebecca's rested on his shoulder. Their other hands held each other as they slowly swayed from side to side. The last dance was a dance for couples. It was slow and allowed the dancers to have an intimate moment with their loved one.

Rebecca moved closer and rested her head on William's chest, which made Wendy, Est, and Ian unconsciously clench their fists in frustration.

William's expression didn't change. In fact, he even smiled and rested the side of his face against hers, which made the ladies and men, who were trying to get closer to the two of them, have second thoughts.

Lionel awkwardly returned to his seat and watched William and Rebecca with a serious gaze. Rufus, on the other hand, had a calm expression on his face, but a fire was burning brightly deep inside.  

He felt envious of the boy who was able to share such an intimate moment with the goddess in his heart. However, he would rather have William dance with Rebecca than let his older brother have that chance. Although his heart was aching, he begrudgingly accepted the result.

'What is your relationship with Wendy?' Rebecca asked via telepathy.  

She was wearing a special artifact that allowed her to communicate with another person as long as she was touching him. Rebecca had already explained to William why she invited him to dance, while they were making their way towards the dance floor.

'Wendy is a good friend of mine,' William answered. 'The two of us are close.'

'Did you feed her some wild mushrooms?' Rebecca inquired. 'I've known her for years and many boys have already proposed to her for marriage, but she rejected them all. With a glance, I can tell that she really likes you.'

'The reason why she likes me is because she has good taste. Unlike some people who think too highly of themselves.'

'What a petty man you are.'

'Thank you for your praise,' William replied as he danced along with the music.

Rebecca quieted down for a few minutes as if organizing her thoughts. When she spoke again, her voice was filled with determination.  

'First, I would like to thank you because Lady Miriam is now dead set on making me use the best facilities in the Main Sect to ensure that I will step on your head when you climb the peaks of the Misty Sect.'

'You're welcome.'

'Second, I intend to continue to use you as a shield so that all my suitors will be kept at bay,' Rebecca stated. 'Know that I don't really like you and I have no intention of becoming your fiance. Not now, not in the future.'

'What a coincidence. The feeling is mutual,' William commented. 'Cultivate well inside the MIsty Sect and wait for this Sir to give you a spanking.'

'You're quite confident. I wonder where that confidence of yours is coming from?'

'My confidence comes from my good looks and bloodline. With a face like mine, let alone you, even the Goddess of Beauty would squirm in the heavens while saying my name.'

Rebecca scoffed inside her heart, 'Aren't you afraid that the Gods will smite you for being arrogant?'

William let out a light chuckle that tickled Rebecca's ears, 'You don't know anything about the Gods. Me and them are best buds. Now that you mention it, I'd rather kiss Lily than kiss you.'

Rebecca didn't know who this Lily was, but comparing her to another girl somehow made her irritated.

-----

Somewhere in the Ten Thousand Temple…

Lily, who was busy handing contracts to the new arrivals at the temple, sneezed. The men who were lining up in her stall gasped because the way she sneezed was so "cute" that they felt like they were melting.

The Loli Goddess tilted her head to the side and an adorable smile appeared on her face. This new round of cuteness made the guys excited as they anxiously waited for their turn to sign Lily's contract.

-----

As the song was coming to a close, Rebecca took a step back and lightly dragged William towards the balcony.  

William didn't resist, and allowed himself to be led by the brown-haired beauty.

When the two of them were finally out of everyone's sights, Rebecca stared at William with a serious gaze. 'Although I don't like you, I will give you some very important advice. Do not allow yourself to become part of the Crown Prince's Faction. He is a snake, and cannot be trusted.'

William retained the calm expression on his face when he heard Rebecca's warning, 'Is this the advice of your grandfather or your personal one?'

'It's a message that my grandfather asked me to pass to you. However, I share the same opinion. The Crown Prince is a greedy person. He has already set his eyes on you, so be careful in dealing with him. Believe me when I say that you don't want to become his enemy.'

'Oh? Sounds scary.' William smiled. 'Then who is your grandfather pinning his hopes on?'

'No one, is what I'd like to say, but that would be a big fat lie,' Rebecca answered. 'However, our ideal choice for the King of this Kingdom is hard to achieve. Not only is he young, he also doesn't have anyone backing him. We don't dare to actively declare our support to him in fear that it would break the delicate balance that the Princes' have on the surface.'

William didn't say anything because he already had a hunch on who the Griffith's were supporting. Of course, he didn't ask to confirm his suspicion, because it would be meaningless.  

Right now, the Kingdom was about to fight a war on two fronts. William had no spare time, or energy, to worry about the battle for the throne. Besides, Noah, the current king of the kingdom, was still in good health.  

At the very least, everyone in the kingdom would have to wait a decade before the King would step down from his position.

'Please, pass my thanks to your grandfather,' William replied. 'I will take his words to heart and distance myself from the Crown Prince. Is there anything else that you would like to tell me?'

Rebecca looked at him for a good while before speaking out her mind.  

'Yes, there's one more thing that I would like you to know,' Rebecca smiled in a teasing manner. 'Three years from now, I'll make the world know that no one can decide what I want to do with my life. If anyone tries to block my path from reaching the peak of the mortal realm, I will erase them from the face of the earth.'

'Also, that slave collar on your neck suits you perfectly,' Rebecca sneered. 'Even if a dog was dressed in expensive clothes, at the end of the day, he is still a dog.'

The beautiful young lady walked away without giving William a second glance. The latter, however, looked at his "Ex-Fiance's" retreating back with a devilish smirk on her face.

'A dog?,' William sneered. 'What an interesting idea. I guess I'll just have to see how you will bark and wag your tail in the future.'

(A/N: In order to not create any misunderstandings, William's enslavement period is now over. Even if he is wearing the slave collar, he is no longer Celine's slave. Right now, the collar on his neck is nothing more than an accessory that held no power to control him.)


Chapter 216

A week after the Banquet that was held inside the Palace, the Royal Academy resumed their classes. However, something in the air was different. The usually cheerful hallways, although not devoid of laughter, were more solemn compared to before.

The students that had experienced the baptism of the Dungeon Outbreak now understood how fragile their lives were. They had seen how even a small mistake could cause them to lose their lives at the jaws of monsters that were many times stronger than them.

Because of this, everyone took their studies seriously which made the professors double their efforts to teach them the lessons that would give them the highest chance for survival, if they found themselves in similar situations.

Even the arrogant top students in the past were now doing their best to further increase their strength.

Many students had died during the Dungeon Outbreak and all of their names were written on the newly erected monument in the main plaza of the academy to honor their bravery and sacrifice for the kingdom.  

Their friends would often look at these names and shed bitter tears. Partly blaming themselves for being afraid and for not being strong enough to make a difference.  

They were not strong enough to save them so, because of that, they poured their hearts into their lessons. They appreciated that the teachers had to come up with more effective training regimens in order to accommodate their drive to become stronger.

-----

"The Werehyenas are class C beasts that hunt alone or join with others to form a 'Cackle'," Oswald Hartelle, the Bestiary teacher of the First Years said in a calm manner. "Among the Therian Groups, they are often called opportunistic beasts because they don't care whether they steal their prey from others, or eat the remains that are left after other creatures have had their fill.

"Although they are weaker than Werewolves, they have characteristics that Werewolves don't have. For example, they can transform anytime of the day, while the Werewolves are limited to only being able to transform at night."

Everyone was paying close attention to Oswald's lecture. Even William, who had the chance to face off against these beasts, was listening properly to the professor's explanation. He was quite amazed by how strong these beasts were and the scary part about them was that they could transform into humans.

Fortunately, there was a clear identification whenever a Werehyena transformed into a human. The iris in their eyes had a yellowish tinge, which identified them as the notorious therian creature.

Due to this distinction, that couldn't be hidden even when using spells, Therians stayed away from human cities and only lived on the outskirts, fearing that someone would be able to see through their identity.

Kenneth, who was seated beside William, was also paying attention to the professor. After experiencing the great battle in the Southern Regions of the Hellan Kingdom, his thirst for knowledge about Magical Beasts had also increased.  

"In our next lesson, we will be talking about Wendigos," Oswald ended his lecture with a smile. "Until then, make sure that you stay away from Werehyenas until you are strong enough to fight them."

With that final reminder, Oswald left the room. Classes for the day were now over.

The classes inside the Royal Academy started at nine in the morning and went until two in the afternoon.

Surprisingly, the names of the days in Hestia were similar to the names of the days back on Earth.  

On Mondays, Wednesday, and Fridays, they attended the more physical lessons. Lessons like Equestrian training, archery, swordsmanship training, spear training, axe handling, throwing weapons mastery, etc.  

On Tuesdays and Thursdays, they attended the more lecture focused lessons like History, Bestiary Lessons, War Strategies, and Topography.

Over the weekends, some of the students would go out to complete missions and commissions, while others would go explore the dungeons and domains that were currently available.

After their lessons, the entirety of the First Year Students headed towards the Equestrian Field of the Martial Division.  

After the impressive Aerial Performance of the Angorian War Sovereign, many students from different Divisions had applied to become part of the Knight Order.  

The majority of those who applied were commoners who were hoping to become official knights.  

William didn't discriminate and put them all on a "Probationary Period".  

The commander of the Angorian War Sovereign understood that some of the members who joined them were merely the nobles' spies sent to keep an eye on their actions. Nevertheless, he took them in because he had the confidence to make them his own double agents.  

Information was a very powerful tool and it went both ways. The nobles had a very famous saying, "Everyone has a price".  

For the most part, this was true. Everyone had a price. However, William was not everyone. During the banquet, the nobles did their best to bribe him to work for them, but he politely turned all of them down.

The Crown Prince even subtly hinted that it would be best for the Angorian War Sovereign to become the personal Knight Order of the future King of the Hellan Kingdom.  

William just smiled, but didn't agree or disagree with the Crown Prince. He took a neutral stance and the Crown Prince was smart enough to take the hint.  

"Ride your mounts!" William ordered. "Make sure that all of you stay in formation!"

Since only the original members of the Knight Order had magical beasts, the rest of the new members had no choice but to ride on Mountain Horses that were bred in captivity.  

Aside from William's officers, and the thirty-six original members of the Knight Order, one-hundred-twenty new recruits had joined their ranks.  

"Captains, you take the lead!" WIlliam ordered.

""Yes!"" His officers replied in unison.  

Dave, Conrad, Priscilla, Spencer, Drake, and the newly appointed officer, Samuel, took charge of the formation. Each of them had Six Knights, and nineteen probationary members under them, forming a platoon.  

Samuel was the noble that gave William the spear in order to force the Gryphon, Lionheart, to submit into becoming Dave's contracted beast.  

The young noble was already sixteen years old, and the third son of their barony. Since he had no magic powers, his family didn't care much about him and pampered his older brother, who had a Grade B Talent in Magic.  

This was also why he did his best to enter the Hellan Royal Academy to make a name for himself. He was always looking for an opportunity to raise his status, so when William formed a Knight Order he hurriedly joined it, thinking that it was a golden opportunity to make a name for himself.

When William asked for a spear, he had presented it without a second thought. He had long decided to hug William's legs and follow him as a loyal subordinate.  

William recognized him because a person who took the initiative was someone worth grooming. Since Kenneth refused to lead a team of his own, the role landed on Samuel's head, which made the young noble ecstatic to show William that he hadn't made a mistake in choosing him to be one of his captains.  

When William asked Kenneth to lead a squad of his own, the delicate looking boy firmly rejected his offer. He insisted that he would stay by William's side to assist him in his personal squad.  

William didn't reject his proposal and allowed him to become a permanent member of his six-member team. Spencer tried to join them, but William kicked him out. The shameless shepherd even insisted that if Spencer couldn't even create and manage a squad of his own, he would be expelled from the Knight Order.

Facing such a threat, the siscon had no choice but to begrudgingly obey William's order.  

As the Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign, William had his own private squad which was composed of Kenneth, Wendy, Ian, and the twin brothers, Brutus and Bruno McKaeser.

'I'm only missing a healer then our team is good to go,' William thought. "Wendy, do you know of any healers that could join our team? It would be best if they are a person you trust."

Wendy thought for a while before answering William's inquiry. "I only know of one person, but she's a Third Year in the Spirit Division."

William became curious and asked Wendy for more information. The latter was very weak when it came to William's request, so she decided to accompany him to the Spirit Division after their equestrian training had ended.

Since William was the Commander of the newly established Knight Order, the guards in the Spirit Division didn't block his way.

Right now, William was like a celebrity inside the Hellan Royal Academy. Everyone wanted to form a connection with him, so it was very easy for him to gain access to the different Divisions in the academy.

"Big Sister Amelia, are you here?" Wendy knocked on the door. "It's me, Wendy. Can I have some of your time?"

The door slightly opened and a girl with long green hair, and wearing eyeglasses, peeked out from inside the room.

"Wendy?"

"It is me, Big Sister."

Amelia looked at the boy behind her good friend and recognized William instantly.  

"What does the Commander of the Knight Order want from me?" Amelia asked.  

William gave a light bow, "There is something that I would like to ask of you, but can we talk in private? I don't want to discuss this matter in the hallway."

William glanced at his left and right and saw several girls that were chatting in the hallway. All of them were curious about why the commander had visited their dorm so they trailed after him.  

Although some of them had guessed William's intention, without getting the confirmation from him, their guesses would remain as guesses.

Amelia reluctantly nodded her head and invited the two inside her room. She also didn't want to make it difficult for Wendy because the two of them were good friends that had known each other for years.

The moment the door closed, the girls in the dormitory flocked in front of Amelia's room and tried to eavesdrop on their conversation. Unfortunately for them, William had come prepared and made sure that not even a single word of their discussion would be heard outside of the room.


Chapter 217

Amelia looked at William, rather, looked at the scroll his hand was holding. The red-headed boy smiled and presented the blank sheet of paper to Amelia.  

Curious about what would happen next, she accepted the scroll and looked at it.  

Suddenly, sentences appeared on the surface of the scroll. It explained William's purpose for coming. It also included the proper way on how to reply to William without anyone noticing.

William wasn't taking any chances. Since he was inside the Spirit Division, he knew that certain abilities could be used that would allow others to spy on their discussion.  

Although he didn't mind saying his request out loud, he didn't want to make a scene and make the "leaders" of the Spirit Division think that he was poaching the talented students under their noses.  

Five minutes later, Amelia handed back the scroll to William.

This was the magic scroll that Ezio had used to communicate with William when he was doing his missions. Only the person whom the user wanted to see the writings would be able to see it. Even the most powerful deciphering spells wouldn't be able to crack the special magic that was transcribed in the making of this scroll.

'Sorry, but I am not interested in joining your Knight Order.'

William sent his thoughts to the scroll and returned it to Amelia. The latter accepted it and frowned when she read William's question.

'Why?'

Amelia sighed and returned the scroll to William's hands.

'I don't want to get into trouble.'

The two exchanged the scrolls several more times until William finally understood why she was rejecting his offer.

'So your hometown is having some difficulty and you're worried about your family, correct?'

'Yes. A horde of Trollhounds led by a Class A Beast is terrorizing our barony. I have already sent a request to the academy for help, but the barony's commission was not enticing enough for the students. Besides, we just finished facing a Dungeon Outbreak and no one is in the mood to fight strong monsters.'

'If I accept this commission and succeed, will you join our Knight Order?'

'If you succeed and save my hometown, I will agree to join your Knight Order.'

'Very well, I will accept the commission, but you will have to come with us as a guide to your barony.'

After reading the last message on the scroll, Amelia nodded her head. She gave William the "I will go with you" stare which made the Half-Elf nod his head in acknowledgement.

Before leaving, William told Amelia that they would depart on Friday night to deal with the trouble in her hometown. Of course, the red-headed boy also reminded her not to tell anyone about what they had discussed, to which she readily agreed.

Amelia couldn't possibly turn down the help of the Commander from the Agorian War Sovereign. She even felt relieved that her constant worry about her parent's safety was about to be solved… that was until she met William again on Friday Night.

----

"Um, Lord William, where are the rest of your knights?" Amelia asked.

"They won't be coming with us," William replied. "It will be just us, My Mama, Dia, and Ragnar."

"Meeeeeh."

"Hisssss."

"Ruff!"

Amelia looked at William to see if the newly appointed Knight Commander was joking. However, the Half-Elf only gave her a smile filled with confidence. This made the green-haired lady massage her forehead in frustration.

"Lord William, please, this is a serious matter," Amelia said with a serious expression. "Lives are at stake. I would greatly appreciate it if you stopped joking around."

William blinked innocently and gave Amelia the "Am I a Joke to you?" stare.

Seeing that William was dead serious in completing the commission with just the two of them, Amelia felt like she had wasted her time. All the hope and excitement that she had felt while waiting for this moment vanished into thin air.

Of course, William could understand what Amelia was thinking at the moment. However, after careful consideration, he determined that it would be best to do this mission without bringing the rest of his Knight Order along.

The reason?

After consulting the system, William found out that Trollhounds were beasts that he could tame. Since that was the case, William was sure that he and the Trollhounds could have a dialogue for negotiation.

If the negotiation didn't work, it wouldn't be too late to bring his contingent plan into play and force them out of the region.

"I know that you are having doubts, so how about this. The two of us are going to check the situation first," William proposed. "If it really requires military intervention then I promise you that I will use the full power of my Knight Order to drive the Trollhounds away from your Barony. Do we have a deal?"  

Amelia pondered for a while before reluctantly agreeing to William's proposal. She was really worried about her family and the townspeople who had treated her well during her younger years. If possible, she wanted to do everything in her power to return the care that they had given her.

William had accepted the commission earlier in the day and registered it at the Quest Hall of the Academy. They used the portal of the academy and headed towards the Eastern Regions of the Hellan Kingdom.  

As a Knight Commander, William was given certain privileges and one of them was the right to use the portals for free. They used the portal to teleport to the nearest gateway to Amelia's hometown. However, it still took them two hours to reach the green-haired girl's hometown riding on Ella's back.

"It's more serious than I expected," William frowned.  

Along the way, he found light traces of miasma that reminded him of the Dungeon Outbreaks that had happened recently. The flora of the barony were wilting and the ground was cracked and dry.  

There was an oppressive atmosphere that could be felt in the mountains in the East and William had a hunch that was where the Trollhounds were currently staying.

"Let's meet your parents first," William said as he guided Ella towards the main gate of the town. It was currently closed and several soldiers were stationed on the town's wall. Torches blazed on the ramparts and illuminated the surroundings.  

It was as if the soldiers were expecting a night raid and all of them looked at William, and his party wearily.  

"Halt!" A man wearing silver armor shouted from on top of the town wall. "State your name and purpose for coming to Thornshire!"

Amelia poked her head out from behind William's back and waved at the man standing on the ramparts.

"Uncle Mark! It's me, Amelia!" Amelia shouted. "Let us in!"

Mark's eyes widened as he recognized the young lady of their barony.  

"Open the gates and allow Lady Amelia to enter!" Mark ordered.  

It was at that moment when barking sounds reverberated in the night. The soldiers manning the gates made a small opening for Ella to enter. William and Ella knew that now was not the time to dilly dally and entered the town in haste. As soon as the goat had safely entered the town, the guards closed the gate in a hurry.

Mark barked orders from the ramparts as the guardsmen loaded bolts onto their crossbows. William and Amelia exchanged a glance before making their way towards the ramparts to assist in defending the town.  

A series of long howls from the Trollhounds echoed in the night. From the center of their formation, a giant Trollhound with dark-green skin, stared at the town wall with unrestrained hunger. It only had one thought in its mind and that was to break through the town's defenses and feast on the humans that were hiding within.


Chapter 218

Hundreds of green eyes glowed in the darkness, but William wasn't too concerned about them. What he was concerned about was the towering figure that stood at the center of the Trollhound Army.

-----

< Titanic Green-Scaled Trollhound >

-- Mutated Variant

-- Threat Level: S (Mid)

-- Centennial Rank

-- Can be added to the herd

-- Success Rate: 1%

-- This creature is born from a sorcerer's experiment that has gone wrong.

-- Has a very powerful regeneration ability that would not lose to Hydras.

-- Its jaws are strong enough to crush steel with ease.

-- Has the special ability "Doom Hound" that allows itself to coat its body with the flames of hell and burn almost everything that touches it.  

-- This creature will regenerate its body parts even if you destroy its head and heart.

-- Even if you use powerful attacks that would instantly disintegrate it to nothingness, this creature will come back to life once again.

-- This creature's ONLY weakness is Acid strong enough to melt Adamantium.

---

'This is troublesome...,' William thought as he narrowed his eyes. 'Although it is a Centennial Beast, its ability alone is too overpowered. Whoever made this creature was planning to use it to do something nefarious.'

The red-headed boy wasn't able to stop himself from clicking his tongue at the sheer amount of effort that would be required to subjugate one of these beasts. Although there were some powerful spells that could create acid, only a handful had the strength to melt adamantium.

William gave the rest of the monster horde a scan. Fortunately the majority of them were Class E, and only a few dozen were Class D. Even so, like most trollhounds, they had strong regenerative abilities and were only weak to fire and acid.

"Aim!" Mark ordered. "Fire!"

Hundreds of crossbow bolts rained down on the Trollhound army. The arrows hit their targets and embedded themselves into the bodies of the hounds. Unfortunately, it only made the trollhounds shout in pain, but there was no way they would die from such simple attacks, even if they were only Class E Beasts.

While the battle was going on, a fireball lit up the night as it slammed at the center of the Trollhounds that had almost reached the town's wall.

"The Baron has arrived!" Mark announced. "Everyone, just hang on for as long as possible. Don't let any of those hounds breach our defenses!"

""Yes, Sir!""

Another fireball fell from the sky as Philip, Amelia's father, and the Baron of Bradford joined the battle.  

He was a Fifth-Circle Magician that was loved by his subjects. He was once a Sixth-Circle Magician, but due to an accident, his rank had regressed and was forced to retire from the Red Tower of the Mage Guild.

After finding the love of his life, he settled down in the territory granted to him by the King and lived a peaceful and happy life with his family. Unfortunately, his quiet life had been disrupted by the dungeon outbreaks that ravaged the land.

He had just returned from the Dungeon Subjugation in the nearby Duchy when he discovered that his own Barony was in trouble. Philip understood that the Kingdom's manpower was stretched thin, but he still asked for help from the surrounding nobles.

However, none of them had the manpower to help him. His only hope was to send a commission to the Royal Academy where her daughter, Amelia, was staying, but no news returned to him.

He wasn't expecting to see his own daughter defending the town walls along with the town's guard. Philip knew that he couldn't lose focus now because the greatest threat to their Barony was currently in front of his eyes.

He calmly chanted a spell while his subordinates faced off against the wave of monsters besieging their defenses.

"Summon Creature!" Philip shouted. "Come forth, Flame Elemental!"

A five-meter tall Flame Elemental crashed down outside the city walls. It instantly incinerated the Trollhounds that were unlucky enough to be on its landing spot.  

The soldiers cheered when they saw the powerful ally that appeared to help them. Philip made his way towards his daughter as he stared down at the burning corpses on the ground.

"When did you arrive?" Philip asked.

"Just now, father," Amelia replied. "I brought the commander of the Angorian War Sovereign to help us deal with the threat to our Barony."

Philip gave William a side-long glance before staring at the Titanic Green-Scaled Trollhound in the distance.  

He had already heard about William from his peers, and they said that he seemed like a promising boy. However, after seeing him in person, Philip thought that his acquaintances were exaggerating their praises.

Philip was unable to attend the knighting ceremony because he was busy handling the aftermath of the Dungeon Outbreaks that ravaged the kingdom.  

In his eyes, William didn't look strong. Aside from being a good looking boy, he didn't have any strong presence that could be found on outstanding individuals like the First Commander of the Knight Order of Gladiolus.  

Still, he had to be polite because a Knight Commander that was personally appointed by the King was still a Knight Commander, even if he was still a boy.

"Commander William, I'm sorry, but I am unable to extend to you the hospitality of our Barony at this time," Philip said as flames danced in his fingertips. He then hurled them at the Trollhounds that tried to jump over the defensive walls.

The Trollhounds' bodies immediately exploded in a shower of sparks, lighting their surroundings in a reddish hue.

"Mmm." William hummed as he watched the battle unfold.

Right now, the only one that had the ability to kill the Trollhounds was Philip. Although a Fifth-Circle Magician was strong, he was still alone. Also, the greatest threat on the battlefield was only weak to Acid.  

Even if Philip was able to disintegrate it with one full-powered-spell, the Titanic Green-Scaled Hound would just revive once again.

Seeing the changes on the Battlefield, the "Boss Hound" finally made its move and charged towards the rampaging Fire Elemental.  

Fire Elementals were corporeal incarnations of the element of fire. Being one of the most destructive elements in the world, Fire Elementals were very aggressive creatures. Seeing that the Titanic Hound was charging towards it, It didn't hesitate to face it head on.

The Titanic Hound immediately used its ability Doom Hound and coated itself in Hellfire. When the two flaming abominations collided, a heat wave swept to the battlefield, incinerating anything within a hundred meters around them.

Beads of sweat were forming on Philip's head as he channeled his energy to the Flame Elemental to extend the duration of its "summoning life". Because of this, he was unable to focus on the other Trollhounds that were using each other as stepping stones to breach the town's wall.

'It's quite unfortunate that this battle happened at night.' William sighed as he looked up at the night sky.  

Although he couldn't beat the Titanic Hound that was currently battling the Fire Elemental, he was still capable of dealing with the small fries that were threatening Amelia's hometown.

'System, switch my Job Class to Sun Knight.'

< Job Class has been successfully switched to Sun Knight! >

A warm feeling spread across William's body, as the passive skills of the Sun Knight activated. He then extended his right hand and smiled.  

"Show them your power, Soleil."  

The ring that was given to William by Noah during his knighting ceremony glowed in his right hand to answer his summon. It was as if it was celebrating the fact that it was about to once again show its presence in the World of Hestia after sleeping for hundreds of years.  


Chapter 219

A golden spear appeared in William's hand that shone brightly in the night. From the handle, up to the tip of its blade, everything was golden. If William didn't know better, he would think that Soleil was simply a mythical weapon meant for showing off. But he knew, with utmost certainty, that the spear, that was slowly getting hot in his hands, was a weapon of mass destruction.

"Let's go, Mama."

"Meeeeh!"

Ella jumped off the town wall and a portal of light opened up behind William's back.  

Thirteen Angorian War Ibex emerged from it and formed a protective circle around Ella and William.  

"Blergh! Trollhounds," Psoglav, who had just emerged from the portal, spat in disdain. "Disgusting!"

"Don't whine, you still owe me from the cores of the Werehyenas." William snorted at his demonic "Business Partner".

"Fine." Psoglav glanced at the direction of the Titanic Trollhound that was fighting in the distance. "But, I ain't touching that thing."

William nodded his head in understanding. He knew that Psoglav wouldn't do anything that could potentially harm its own life. This was one of the rules that they had established when they made their business deal.

The Angorian War Ibexes were like little children that had found new toys to play with. They kicked, tackled, and sent the Trollhounds flying wherever they went.

Of course, they didn't just "play". They kept their formation steady because they were completely outnumbered. The only reason why they were able to overwhelm their opponents was due to the difference in ranks.

Even the few dozen Class D Trollhounds stayed away from the War Ibexes who had suddenly appeared out of nowhere and started their rampage.

At first, William planned to start a massacre, to thin the ranks of the Trollhounds. However, for some reason, something in him was preventing him from going through with his plan. This was a very weird feeling, because this was the first time that it happened to him.  

It was as if he was an adult that was about to bully babies which made him feel confused.  

While William was still deciding what to do, a notification suddenly appeared on his status screen.

-----

< Ding! >

< Special Quest Acquired! >

< Defeat the Titanic Green-Scaled Trollhound >

-- The Trollhound Horde will disperse after its leader is defeated.

-- Reward: 2,000 God Points

-----

William frowned as he looked at the battle of the Titanic Trollhound and the Fire Elemental in the distance.  

From what he could see, the Titanic Trollhound had the upper hand and the Fire Elemental was on the defensive. This didn't bode well for them because the Fire Elemental was the strongest ally they had that could faceoff against the biggest threat on the battlefield.

William then shifted his attention to Philip who was now leaning on the ramparts. With a glance, he could tell that he was nearing his limit.

Soleil, that was being held in William's hand, was no longer golden in color, but was completely dark red. Like steel that had been soaked in flames, by the blacksmith, it was nearing its limit before its might could be unleashed.

'Ten more minutes,' William thought as he observed the battlefield.  

Because of his presence, the Trollhounds' attack completely stopped. None of them dared to move forward because Psoglav and the Angorian Ibexes were too strong for them to handle. Also, they felt that their strength was halved under William's presence.  

What William didn't know was that his Shepherd Job Class had a deterrent effect when fighting against certain creatures that fell under the Shepherd's protection. Only Beasts with Demonic or Dark Properties, would be able to resist this "debuff" that was radiating from William's body.

This was also why the Alpha Hipogriffs, and the Centaurs, didn't want to get into a conflict with William. They could tell that they would be greatly weakened if they tried to fight against the heir of their Eternal Guardian.

(A/N: Although dogs belong to a pack, they were a Shepherd's trusted companion, which also made them vulnerable to William's Job Class.)

Trollhounds were not demonic, or dark creatures. They were beasts that were born from the fusion of alchemical troll blood and wild dogs. This new and ferocious breed gained the power of regeneration, and resistance to almost everything except fire and acid.

The Trollhounds growled at William, and his party, but made no further movements to attack. This made the defenders on the wall sigh in relief as they looked at their Guard Captain for his next order.

"Standby, but keep your crossbows loaded," Mark ordered.

Amelia had an anxious expression as she used spirit magic to help her father keep the Elemental Summon on the battlefield.  

After weighing the pros and cons, William decided that he had no other choice but to show one of his trump cards to end the battle.

"Lord Philip, can you sacrifice the Fire Elemental to summon a Solar Flare?" William asked. He knew that time was crucial and every second counted.

"I can," Philip replied. "However, the Fire Elemental will immediately disappear after that."

As a Pyromancer he could, at most, use Solar Flare twice a day. However, he had already summoned a Fire Elemental and his magic was almost depleted. In order to perform William's request, he would need to order the Fire Elemental to use its ultimate move and burn itself until nothing was left.  

This would send the Fire Elemental back to its Elemental Plane where it would stay for some time to regain its strength.

"Amelia, you are a Wind Spirit user, right? Can you bestow someone the power of flight?" William inquired. He was hoping that Amelia was skilled enough to use this support ability.  

"Yes, but it will only last for ten minutes," Amelia answered.

"That is more than enough. Please cast your flight spell on the Fire Elemental," William ordered. "Lord Philip, command the Fire Elemental to fly as high as it can while hugging the Titanic Trollhound!"

Amelia and the Baron nodded as they used their magic power to carry out William's orders.

Soon, the angry howls of the Titanic Trollhound reverberated in the night as the Fire Elemental rose slowly in the air. It only stopped when it reached three kilometers above the ground.  

"Now!" William shouted.

Philip clenched his fist as he gathered the last dregs of magic power in his body.

"Solar Flare!" Philip opened his hands to unleash one of the strongest spells he could cast with his current level of power.

A dazzling light erupted in the night sky that momentarily turned night into day. It only lasted for a brief moment because the radiance was immediately absorbed by the spear in William's hand that was burning like molten lava.  

Without the Fire Elemental holding onto it, the Titanic Trollhound fell from the sky with black smoke coming out of its body. Even though the Sun Flare lasted for only a few seconds, it still dealt grievous injuries to the ferocious beast. However, due to its strong regeneration ability, it's injuries were slowly getting better as it fell down from three kilometers above the ground.

"Bloom in the battlefield!" William roared. "Fleur Du Soleil!"

William threw the Mythical Spear towards the Titanic Trollhound with deadly accuracy. The moment the spear embedded itself on the monster's chest, a powerful explosion similar to a small nuclear missile sent shockwaves on both the sky and the ground.

After the explosion ended, a beautiful flower bloomed and illuminated the night sky. Although it was not bright enough to turn the night into day, like the Solar Flare, it still could be seen for many miles around the Barony of Bradford.

The defenders on the ramparts had already been blown away by the blast, including the Trollhounds on the ground. Fortunately, Amelia managed to cast a windshield to neutralize the shockwave and kept her father from being blown away by the impact.

The father and daughter pair looked at the radiant flower in the sky in awe and admiration. Philip felt a tingle ran down his spine as he looked at the youth that had unleashed that unbelievable display of power.  

If he had any misgivings about William being the Knight Commander of the Kingdom, all of them were erased by the deadly flower that illuminated the sky of his barony.  

William raised his hand and a shining golden spear flew down from the sky to appear before him. It then transformed into a golden ring and returned to his right ring finger. The red-headed boy looked at the flower in the sky, before shifting his attention to the Baron of Bradford.

Philip looked back at William and nodded his head.  

It was his way of thanking William and acknowledging his mistake in underestimating his abilities. He should have known better. The King wouldn't appoint someone who was not qualified to become the Commander of a Knight Order that served directly under him.


Chapter 220

A mile away from the hometown of Amelia, the Titanic Green-Scaled Trollhound was slowly reforming its body.  

Currently, the only thing that it had regenerated was its head and neck area. Its muscle tissues pulsated like the beating of a heart as it continued to reconstruct its missing body parts. If someone were to see this scene, they would think that it would perfectly fit the setting of a horror film.

"So there you are," William said as he approached the two-meter long head while riding on Ella's back.  

Behind him were over five-hundred Trolhounds that looked like little puppies that had lost their Master. These were the ones that didn't run away after the battle ended. The majority of the hounds scattered after their leader was obliterated in the skies of the barony. William didn't bar their way because it was too much of a hassle.

Instead, he used his authority as the Shepherd to make the remaining Trollhounds obey his orders. Due to the shock they had received and the fact that all of them were Class E Beasts, they didn't have the strength, nor willpower, to disobey William's orders.  

"Can you talk?" William asked.  

The Titanic Trollhound snorted and closed its eyes. The one who created it was a Human, so it hated Humans to the core. Although William was a Half-Elf, the Titanic Trollhound was not interested in talking to him.

William scratched his head because he could tell that this Beast was one tough cookie. If possible, he wanted to add it to his Herd because it was the strongest creature that he could tame with his current strength.

"How about we make a deal," William said with a serious expression. "You tell me what you want most in the world. If I can grant it, you will join my herd. How about it?"

The Titanic Trollhound remained indifferent to William's proposal. The red-headed boy talked to it for half an hour, but the creature didn't even bother to give him a glance. William tried to entice it with different benefits, and also told it countless reasons why it should join his herd, but the Boss of the Trollhounds was resolute in ignoring him.

Left with no choice, William turned his attention to the hundreds of Trollhounds that had survived the battle behind him.  

"Who among you wants to follow me?" William asked. "I promise that those who follow me will never go hungry again. You will have food to eat everyday and have the opportunity to grow stronger. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity, those who want to become part of my herd, step forward!"

At first there was no movement, but among the hundreds of trollhounds, a single Trollhound walked towards William.

This particular Trollhound was so skinny, that it was almost bonelike. Clearly, it was suffering from malnutrition and was on its last legs in life. Although Trollhounds had powerful regeneration abilities, they were creatures that still needed to eat.

They could still die if their bodies didn't receive any nutrients. Once a Trollhound died, its corpse would be eaten by its fellow hounds until not even a single bone was left. Such was the life of Trollhounds who lived in a group.

The Trollhound made a low growl laced with extreme hunger. William didn't know if what he heard was the beast's growl or the growl of its stomach. In any case, one thing was clear, it was starving and asking William if what he said earlier was true.  

William waved his hand and the Trollhound was automatically added to the members of his herd. He then tossed a huge chunk of meat that was taken from the body of the Werehyenas that were killed in the Whimsical Forest, to the Trollhound.

Seeing the piece of meat in front of it, the Trollhound hungrily devoured it to sate its hunger. Its companions started to salivate and even thought of snatching the meat from the skinny hound. Some of them had even stepped forward to do just that, but a glare from William froze them in their tracks.

"Only those that join my herd will be eligible to eat the food I provide," William grinned evilly. "How about it? Just say yes and you'll be able to eat your fill. All of your lives will be easier."

The Trollhounds were starting to waver. Their gazes shifted from the chunk of meat that their comrade was eating back to William. The red-headed boy knew that he was so close to luring the Trollhounds into becoming his subordinates, unfortunately, the Titanic Trollhound behind him chose this time to ruin his parade.

'All Humans can't be trusted!' the Titanic Trollhound said via telepathy. 'They will only use you as experimental subjects and throw you away once your usefulness is over!'

"Correction, I'm not Human," William scoffed. "I'm a Half-Elf."

'You still can't be trusted!' The Titanic Trollhound glared in anger. 'You have the same expression as those greedy sorcerers who only think about themselves!'

William turned his back on the Titanic Trollhound because it was useless to talk to it. It was filled with hate towards Humans that it was impossible to tame it even if he wanted to. Since that was the case, he would just poach its subordinates right under its nose!

The shepherd chuckled internally as he tossed more chunks of meat on the ground. He didn't believe that the hungry hounds would be able to resist the temptation that he was offering them.

Soon, a small mound of meat laid in front of the Trollhounds that made their eyes become bloodshot. Their instincts for survival were leaning towards William even though the Titanic Trollhound still had its hold over them.

"I'll be honest. I intend to turn everyone who chooses to join me into my own private force," William said as he crossed his arms over his chest. "I will ask you to fight for me when I am faced with difficulty. Some of you may die in the process, but I don't see any difference between my offer and your current situation.

"If you are planning to invade Human territories, you are bound to face strong warriors. You already saw what I am capable of doing and, sorry to say that there are humans far stronger than me."  

William's words made the Trollhounds shudder. William was the strongest person they had seen so far, and he was saying that there were Humans far stronger than him. If that was the truth then wouldn't that mean that they were just courting death?

The Trollhounds glanced at each other. Soon, more of them stepped forward and joined the skinny hound in eating the mound of meat that was in front of them. They had completely submitted to William and the latter didn't even have to add them to his herd because he knew that these hounds were now loyal to him.

The Titanic Trollhound glared at the weaklings that were enticed by a few pieces of meat. Deep down, it disdained the Trollhounds that rebelled and cursed them.

'All of you will regret this day,' the Titanic Trollhound growled. 'Don't come running back to me when you see his true colors!'

William turned his head to look at the Beast that was looking at him in disdain. "Don't worry. They will not regret their decision."

Out of the hundreds of Trollhounds, only seventy decided to join William's side. Although it was far smaller than his initial estimate, he was still happy with the result.

'System, can you now modify the Ring of Conquest to perform the task I wanted?'

< The Host will need to pay 3,000 God Points for the modification of the Ring of Conquest. >

< Do you want to proceed? Y / N >

'I choose yes,' William replied.  

Although his precious God Points would be consumed in the process, it was a necessary investment in order to achieve his goal.

-----

< Understood. >

< Modifying the Ring of Conquest…>

< Modification complete! >

< A new feature has been added to the Goblin Crypt! >

< Bestiary Barracks has been successfully integrated as a feature of the Ring of Conquest! >

-----

William dismounted Ella and faced the first trollhound that had taken the initiative to join his party.  

"Come here," William said softly.

The skinny Trollhound walked towards him. When it was only two meters away from William, it knelt on the ground to show its servitude.

William summoned Rhongomyniad and rested it on the Trollhound's head. He didn't know if it would have any effect on beasts, but he decided to still give it a try.  

"I bestow upon you a name," William announced. "From the skinny dog that couldn't even eat scraps of meat, to an Overlord that will be feared across the land. I give you the name of the World Wolf that once ate a God that ruled among many other Gods."

William raised the lance in his hand as a golden light fell upon the trollhound's body.  

"Rise, Fenrir," William ordered. "Devour all my enemies until none of their bones are left!"

The King Chess Piece inside William's Sea of Consciousness glowed three times before returning to its normal state. It had recognized William's choice and shared its divinity with the skinny dog who would become part of the red-headed boy's Ten-Thousand Beast Army.  

-----

< "He Who Dwells In The Marshes" has been registered >

< Name: Fenrir >

< Bestowing Title....>

< Appropriate Title Found! >

< Fenrir: Beast of Conquest >


Chapter 221

"I wonder what Will is doing?" Wendy muttered as she dried her hair.

She had just stepped out of the bath after finishing the afternoon training with the members of the Angorian War Sovereign. William had told her that he would accompany Amelia to her hometown in order to solve their barony's problem.

'I wish he'd brought me with him.' Wendy pouted as she put on a set of clean clothes.  

Thor was currently sleeping on the top of her bed. He was more like Wendy's Guardian than William's, but the latter didn't mind it one bit. In fact, he even gave Thor permission to stay by Wendy's side if he liked it.

After fixing her hair in front of the mirror, she heard three knocks on her door.  

"Wendy, are you there? It's me, Charlotte."

Wendy hurriedly opened the door and allowed her good friend, Charlotte, to enter her room.  

"Sorry, were you in the middle of changing clothes?" Charlotte asked after seeing that Wendy's hair was still slightly wet. She also smelled the fragrant scent of soap on her body.

"No," Wendy replied. "I had just finished fixing my hair when you knocked, Big Sister."

Charlotte smiled and nodded her head in understanding. She had known Wendy for a long time and knew that the girl was a very honest and straightforward person.

"I came here because I want to share something with you," Charlotte said as she took out a small pouch from her pocket. "Here. This is yours."

Wendy curiously opened the pocket and a smile immediately appeared on her face. She estimated that there were over twenty candies inside the pouch, and it made her very happy.

"Thank you, Big Sister!" Wendy gave Charlotte a big hug and the latter hugged her back.

After a brief moment of intimacy, Wendy pulled away and giggled. Charlotte patted her head and smiled as well.

"Well then, I have to go." Charlotte lightly pinched Wendy's nose. "The candies are in short supply right now, so don't share them with others. I'll come back again next week when I have more."

"Thank you, Big Sister." Wendy walked Charlotte out of her room. "Whoever is supplying you these candies, please, tell them that I love the candies very much!"

Charlotte grinned and nodded her head. Both girls waved their hands to say goodbye, as they parted ways.

Wendy excitedly placed a candy in her mouth as she walked towards the bed. The sweetness that soon followed made her close her eyes in appreciation.

"This candy is really good," Wendy muttered. "Simply the best."

She then ate another one before she sat on the bed.

"I hope you return soon, Will,' Wendy muttered softly as the thought of the red-headed boy's smiling face that would occasionally make her heart skip a beat. She really hoped that the boy she liked would return soon, so that she could spend more time with him.  

-----

The sound of Goblins shrieking echoed inside the walls of the Goblin Crypt as William's Trollhound Army ate their fill.  

William hadn't lied when he told them that they wouldn't go hungry anymore if they followed him. When the Bestiary was made on the First Floor of the Dungeon, the Trollhounds started to explore the dungeon to get familiar with it.

Whenever they encountered Goblins, the Trollhounds would immediately go for the kill. Fenrir watched as his subordinates feasted on the bodies of the goblins. Deep inside, he was very happy with his decision because it allowed him and his brethren to not suffer from starvation.

After receiving William's blessings, the Trollhound's body became more powerful and agile. He was now more like a wolf, than a wild dog after his transformation.

Although his subordinates were only Class E beasts, and he, Class D, none of the goblin parties were their match. Even though the Hobgoblins were stronger than them, they couldn't be killed using normal means.  

Also, they numbered in the Seventies. It was literally impossible for a party of Hobgoblins to resist their rampage.  

Of course, William also gave them limitations. He didn't allow them to climb up to the Fourteenth Floor where the Goblin Shaman spawned. Numerous as they were, the Goblin Shaman was not an easy cookie to crack.  

After the Ring of Conquest was modified, the spawn rate of all the monsters on each of the floors increased dramatically. Each Party that had a Goblin Shaman now consisted of two Shamans, which was far more dangerous than the dungeon that Wendy, and her twin brother, Spencer, had challenged in the real world.

In order to prevent any mishaps, William ordered Fenrir and the Trollhounds to never step onto the Fourteenth Floor until all of them reached Rank D, and Fenrir Rank C.  

Anything else was fair game, so the Trollhounds fought their way from the First Floor up to the Thirteenth Floor of the Dungeon Crypt. Their non-existent battle style was slowly being formed and their team cooperation had started to establish.

William tasked Fenrir to divide each team into groups of ten. After that, a captain was assigned to each group to make the commands easier. Fenrir was the commander, while the captains under him ensured that their formation wouldn't falter.  

In order to give them a more challenging training, Fenrir ordered each team to challenge different floors by themselves on a rotational basis. Because of this, The Boss room up to the Thirteenth Floor became the main battleground of the Trollhounds to perfect their teamwork.  

Although the new set-up was good. It wouldn't change the fact that they were still Rank E Beasts. The Boss Room alone was quite difficult for ten Trollhounds to beat because of the difference in ranks.

Still, they endured and challenged it over and over again. Although it was a painful experience, they were near immortal inside the Goblin Crype because of their powerful regeneration ability. None of the Goblins had the power to use Fire and Acid spells, so dying was not an issue.  

Fenrir joined his subordinates in battles against the Hobgoblin Leader. He was tired of being weak and helpless. That was why he fought with everything he had in order to not disappoint his new Master, who had given him quite the blessing.  

William heard the System's report and was very satisfied with the results. The red-headed boy was confident that, given time, the Trollhound Army would be one of the Vanguards that would lead him to victory.  

All he needed to do now was nurture them all until they became an unstoppable force that would help him conquer his foes in the battles that would happen in the future.  


Chapter 222

William was currently sleeping outside the Baron's residence. The reason? He was increasing the level of his recently obtained Prestige Class while he rested.  

-----

< Gained Exp: 20 >

< Gained Exp: 20 >

< Gained Exp: 20 >

-----

William laid perfectly still on the bench as he slept peacefully.  

Dia and Ragnar were sleeping on William's stomach, while Ella laid on the ground beside him. After dealing with the Titanic Trollhound, William made it swore an oath not to attack any towns within the Hellan Kingdom.  

As the "Guardian of the Herd" any oath made to him by beasts belonging to the herd would automatically fall under David's jurisdiction.  

After taking his trollhound army inside his Ring of Conquest, the red-headed boy finally returned to Amelia's hometown to rest.

He was up all night and was thoroughly exhausted from the events that had transpired a few hours ago.

-----

< Gained Exp: 20 >

< Gained Exp: 20 >

< Gained Exp: 20 >

-----

The Sun Knight Job Class was the Prestige Class he had received after acquiring Soleil from the King. After checking its description, William found out that the only way to increase the level of this Job Class was to absorb the sunlight during the daytime.

Even if he killed monsters, it would be of no use. This was why William always chose to equip the Job Class during the day in order to maximize its effects.  

----

< Prestige Class: Sun Knight >

-- Praise the Sun!

-- The Sun Knights were the proud knights that fought to protect the weak and deliver justice to evildoers. They were devout followers of the Sun God, Helios, and grew strong under sunlight.

-- It was even said that, when the sun was at its zenith, the Sun Knights were nearly invincible.

-- Increase stats by 50% when exposed to sunlight.

-- Receives +20 Enhancement to all stats when exposed to sunlight.  

-- Increase Resistant to Light and Fire Spells by 50%

-- Increase Damage of Light and Fire Spells by 200% when exposed to sunlight.  

-- Can use Solar Flare once a day (can be used during the night as well).

-- Passive skill "Smile of the Sun" is always active during daytime.  

-- Passive skill "Aura of the Sun" is always active during daytime.  

-----

While the red-headed boy was sleeping, Amelia and her family were discussing the outcome of the battle.  

Earlier, before he went to sleep, William made a report to the Baron that the Titanic Green-Scaled Trollhound had left his barony and would no longer return.

Philip was very happy with the news and profusely thanked William for his hard work. He even intended to give him a proper reward for freeing him from the biggest headache that his barony had encountered for some years.

William politely declined the additional rewards and told Philip that he was only doing this in order to recruit Amelia in[into] his Knight Order.  

"How old is he again?" Amelia's mother, Sofia, asked.  

"The Commander is only fourteen-years old," Amelia replied.

"He's fourteen, and you're seventeen…," Sofia thought out loud. "I don't think there would be a problem if we betrothed you to him, right?"

"Mother!" Amelia's face became beet red as she held onto her mother's hand. "The Commander is already betrothed to someone. Don't make things difficult for both of us."

"I completely forgot about that Griffith girl," Sofia grinned. "But, it's fine. From what I've heard, the two of them are not  keen on getting together. Isn't that why the two of them are to have a duel in three years? This is a good time to form a connection with his family."

"No means no!"

"Silly girl. I only want the best for you."

Philip calmly sipped his tea from the side and allowed her wife to chat with their daughter. They had been married for a very long time and he knew that Sofia was only teasing Amelia because she had missed her terribly.

What he didn't know was that Sofia was half-serious with her proposal. If she and James met, the two would certainly get along and even conspire to make William and Amelia have a "shotgun wedding".

Fortunately, Lont and Bradford were on opposite ends of the kingdom and it would be difficult for either party to travel between the territories without using the teleportation gates.

"According to the rumors, your Commander is a shepherd, correct?" Philip inquired.  

"Yes," Amelia answered. "At least, that is what is written in the records."

The Louise Family may only be a barony, but they were the most informed among the nobles in the Eastern Faction. Their information network was wide-spread because they maintained good relationships and formed strong connections with all of their neighbors.  

Philip placed his teacup on the table as he looked at Amelia with a serious expression. "From what I saw last night, he is no "ordinary" Shepherd. He seems to be a Beast Tamer as well because he was able to summon multiple beasts at the same time."

"T-That, I'm not sure," Amelia lowered her head. "This was the first time I've seen Commander William fight."

"Do you really plan to join his Knight Order?" Philip raised an eyebrow.  

"I promised to join if he was able to solve the problem of our barony." Amelia nodded. "Father, I don't want to go back on my word."

Philip and Sofia remained silent and simply looked at their daughter's determined expression. Truth be told, they didn't want her to do anything that would put her life in danger. Being part of a Knight Order may seem good on paper, but in reality, it was a very dangerous profession.

Since they were the King's Private Army, they would be asked to take on covert missions that always affected national security. These missions would definitely involve danger, so the couple was not too keen about accepting Amelia's decision.

Philip and Sofia were blessed with four children, and Amelia was the only daughter of their household. The two of them, and their sons, treated her like their treasure and would fight anyone who dared to hurt her.  

They would not give that person face, even if he was the Commander of a Knight Order.

"Father, Mother, please, trust me," Amelia pleaded. "I believe that the Commander will not sacrifice, or abandon, us when things get rough."

Philip massaged his temple, while Sofia sighed. They could tell that they would not be able to dissuade Amelia from her decision, so there was nothing else to do but accept it.

As if waiting for that moment, three identical boys walked into the room in a hurry.

"We've heard from Uncle Mark that Amelia is here!"

"Where is she, old man?!"

"Don't you dare hide our sister from us!"

Philip's lips twitched as he did his best to stop himself from throwing fireballs at his triplets who were certified siscons.  

Plenty of nobles had visited their barony to ask for Amelia's hand, but all of them were sent away by the three overprotective brothers. They even said that they wouldn't recognize anyone as Amelia's future husband unless he could beat all three of them at the same time.

"Big Brother, Asher, Andrew, Aaron!" Amelia greeted them happily as she stood up to hug them one by one.

"Little Sister, why didn't you tell us that you were coming back?" Asher asked. "Those blasted Trollhonds ruined everything and the merchants stopped visiting our barony. I was not able to buy a present for you."

"Little Sister, did you miss me? I'm sure you did. After all, I am the one that loves you the most in this family," Andrew interjected.

"Little Sister, are there any guys bothering you in the academy?" Aaron inquired with a tone laced with killing intent. "Just tell us and we will immediately go there to kil-- I mean, talk to him about the meaning of life."

"That's right! Why did I forget about that?!"

"Sister, are there any scum that you want us to kill? Just say the word and it shall be done."

"It's a good thing I bought a new sword from the traveling merchant. He guaranteed its sharpness and I've been dying to find something to test it out on."

Amelia's smile widened because she could tell how much her Big Brothers loved her. They always pampered her and would always beat up the boys who bullied her when she was young.

All of them had brown hair and eyes like their father. Only Amelia inherited her mother's green hair and eyes.

Philip, who was quietly listening to this scene suddenly had an idea. A mischievous smirk appeared on his face as he made a gesture for the three boys to look at him.

"Actually, there is a boy outside the residence that is planning to recruit your sister into his Knight Order," Philip explained. "Your sister made a promise that if he was able to resolve our current situation, she would gladly be part of his personal Knight Squad."

"What?! A bastard dares to put my beloved little sister in danger?!"

"What?! A bastard dares to make his move on my adorable little sister?!"

"What?! A bastard dares to think impure thoughts of my cute, innocent, and kind sister?!"

""Unforgivable!""

The three boys spoke in unison and charged out of the residence. All of them wanted to find that bastard that had tricked their sister into joining his private army and tear him to shreds!


Chapter 223

William sensed killing intent headed in his direction and immediately woke up. He lifted Ragnar by the scruff on his neck and gently placed him on the ground while he held Dia firmly with his other hand.  

Ella raised her head and looked in the three-o'clock direction.  

There, three very infuriated young men, who looked exactly like each other, stormed towards him.  

William frowned because he didn't recognize the three of them. What confused him more was that the three were seriously releasing killing intent and it made him wonder if he had somehow offended them.

"Are you the brat that is lusting over my beautiful little sister?!"

"Are you the brat that is planning to train my little sister to become your plaything?!"

"Are you the brat that is thinking of doing THIS and THAT with my little sister?!

"No. No, and no," William answered. "Are you talking about Amelia?"

The three boys ignored his reply and glared at William hatefully.  

"What?! You're not lusting over my beautiful little sister?!"

"What?! You're not planning to train my little sister to become your plaything?!'"

"What?! You're not thinking of doing THIS and THAT with my little sister?!"

""Unforgivable!"" the three boys replied in unison. ""Are you saying my little sister is not good enough for you? DIE!""

The three boys summoned their weapons and simultaneously attacked William. The latter activated his movement technique to dodge their attacks by a hair's breadth. He also summoned his staff to parry their blows from time to time.

Although the three were good fighters, their attack patterns were too straightforward and easy to read. Even so, William had to admit that their teamwork was quite formidable. If not for his mastery over his movement technique, he might have experienced difficulties in dealing with three opponents at the same time.

'Are they attacking me because I said "No" to their earlier accusations?' William pondered as he parried a heavy blow that sent him skidding a few meters away. 

"I lied earlier," the Half-Elf said to the three boys. "In fact, I think Amelia is very beautiful. I would love to try doing THIS and THAT with her!"

The three boys paused in their attacks which made William breathe a sigh of relief.

"Now you reveal your true colors."

"Now you reveal that you are indeed a lecherous bastard."

"Now you reveal that you want to do THIS and THAT with our little sister."

""Unforgivable!""

The triplets attacked William once again, but this time, their attacks were more frenzied than before.  

William's lips twitched as he parried and dodged their relentless assault. There was only one thing on his mind and that was to "Fcking beat the sh*t" out of these siscon bastards.  

'System…'

< I know… Monk job class, right? >

'Yes, please.'

Soon, yells filled with pain and b*tthurt resounded throughout the residence. The male servants who heard these screams subconsciously placed their hands behind their back to protect their bums from being stabbed.

Amelia, Philip, and Sofia rushed outside of the house when they heard the screams, only to find an enraged William beating the crap out of the triplets who dared to disturb his sleep.

"You siscons! Do you want me to do THIS and THAT with your sister or not?!" William roared. "Make up your goddamn minds!"  

He then stabbed his staff forward to hit the three boys' "chrysanthemums" with deadly accuracy. The boys howled in pain like pigs being slaughtered and begged William for forgiveness.  

Amelia, who heard William's words, almost did a double take because she didn't fully understand what he meant with his words.

William was about to keep hitting the older boys when he noticed Amelia, and her parents, approaching his location.

He promptly hid the staff behind his back, while giving a swift kick to the older boy's bum, that was closest to his feet.

"Lord Philip, I found these three suspicious individuals in your residence and decided to apprehend them for questioning," William said in a righteous voice.

He then urged the system to change his job class back to the Sun Knight before the three people reached his location.  

William's body seemed to glisten under the sunlight, as a peaceful smile--that belonged to a priest without sin--appeared on his face. He looked so holy, so amiable, that even Philip felt like he was looking at a different person.

"Um, Commander, these three are my older brothers," Amelia commented as she walked in front of the three groaning men under William's feet.

"I see." William nodded sagely. "I apologize for hurting them. I was not aware that they were your brothers, I'm sorry."

William's aura was so divine that Amelia, Philip, and Sofia felt that they were sinners in front of him.

William's passive skill "Aura of the Sun", and "Smile of the Sun", was a combo passive skill that made Sun Knights get along with anyone. When these two skills were active, the Sun Knight's charisma would reach a very high level that even a crying baby would stop crying when they saw William's smiling face.

"N-No. It was their fault for assaulting the Commander," Amelia replied. "I promise that I will talk to them later, so, can you please forgive them?"

"What is there to not forgive? This was all a misunderstanding. I don't particularly mind." William chuckled before stepping on the hand that was about to grab his foot from below.  

Aaron was about to shout, but Amelia's glare made him stop in his tracks. The pitiful older brother could only bite his lip in frustration as he endured the pain he was currently experiencing.

"Commander, why don't we go inside the house?" Sofia proposed. "We have many special delicacies prepared for you."

William was reluctant to go because of the experience points that he could gain from sunbathing. Even so, he still decided to nod his head and smile like a good boy before he followed Sofia towards the residence.

-----

The Titanic Green-Scaled Trollhound looked back at the Barony of Bradford one last time before giving a low growl. The hundreds of Trollhounds that followed behind it followed its orders obediently.

They were now headed towards the North, where the tribes lived. Since it was "technically" not part of the Hellan Kingdom, the Titanic Trollhound decided to go there to seek new prey. It intended to recover its strength first and raise its ranks before finding William to find trouble with him.

Just like the red-headed boy, the Titanic Trollhound was a beast that held grudges. It hated Humans to the core and would find no greater pleasure than to feast on their flesh. The giant beast still regretted the fact that it was not able to kill all of those who had experimented on him and held him in captivity.

At the last minute, half of them were able to escape while he broke free from the seals that they had placed on his body.

'I will find all of you bastards and make you pay for what you did to me,' the Titanic Trollhound vowed in his heart. 'After that, I will deal with you next, William Von Ainsworth…'

The hundreds of Trollhounds left the borders of Bradford and the Humans that saw them along the way almost panicked when they met them along their journey towards the other towns and cities.  

Merchant caravans and commoners, who were traveling the roads that they passed, collapsed in fear when the horde of monsters appeared before them.

Although the Trollhounds were salivating at the sight of helpless prey, they couldn't attack any of them because of the powerful restriction that had been placed on their bodies.

Using the power of the God of Contracts, William made sure that they would not be able to break their word. If they did, they would combust into flames, leaving only ashes behind. The ordinary Trollhounds may not be able to survive this oath, but the Titanic Trollhound was different.

With its rank, and near-immortality, William's contract didn't scare it one bit. The only reason why it was honoring its oath was due to a nagging fear that was coming from its very being. For some reason, it felt afraid.

Afraid that if it broke its word, it would suffer a fate worse than death.  

The Titanic Trollhound didn't want to take its chances and break the oath. He still wanted to take revenge on those that had experimented on, and tortured, it everyday to "test" its regeneration ability. It refused to die until its revenge was fulfilled.

This was the sole meaning of its existence and it was determined to carry it out until the bitter end.


Chapter 224

Somewhere in an underground facility in the Southern Continent...

"How are the preparations coming along?" A man seated on a throne made from blackstone asked.

"My Lord, the Anaesha and the Zelan Dynasties are making preparations for war," a man wearing a black robe reported. "The soonest they will make their move is in three months, the longest is five. Our members are laying the groundwork of the siege even as we speak."

The man seated on the throne nodded his head. "Are the altars constructed?"

"My Lord, half of the altars are already built," the black-robed man answered. "We estimate that they will be finished by the time the war officially starts."

"Too slow, make sure to finish them in two months."

"As you wish, My Lord."

The man seated on the throne rested the side of his face on the palm of his hand. "How about the Crown Prince, any news from him?"

The man wearing the black robe raised his head to look directly at his Master. "He said that he is now looking for the whereabouts of the key. I think that the Crown Prince is being serious this time around."

The man sitting on the throne snorted, "Tell him that if he is too slow, we will find someone else to take his place. We have no need for useless individuals."

"I will pass your message to him, My Lord."

"Go, and make sure that all my orders are carried out."

"Yes, My Lord."

------

William frowned as he moved towards the Mountains within the territory of Bradford. The Miasma seeping into the land had lessened after the Trollhounds had left the territory, but they were only responsible for spreading the miasma.

The source was still active and William was planning to see if he could do something about it.  

A meter and a half tall Trollhound, with dark-silver fur, guided William and Ella towards a secret passageway that led to the inner depths of the Mountain.

"Commander, where are we?" Amelia asked.

She was currently riding with William on Ella's back as they traveled the underground passageway.  

"We are in a secret base that was abandoned by sorcerers," William replied without looking back at her. "This is the place where the Trollhounds were born."

Originally, William didn't plan to bring Amelia along. However, since this was the barony of her parents, he decided to let her accompany him on his investigation.

Amelia's face became grim when she realized that an unknown organization had managed to infiltrate their territory and even build an underground base without her father's knowledge. As a daughter of the barony, she was very concerned about the long-term repercussions of having this place under her father's nose.

Fenrir gave a low growl signaling that they had reached their destination. After being knighted by William, the Trollhound's body grew larger and its rank rose as well.  

Currently, Fenrir was at the peak of Rank D. William estimated that his new ally would break through to Rank C within the month, after ingesting the High-Grade Beast Core that he had given Fenrir a few hours ago.

Its body was no longer skinny like a dog suffering from malnutrition. Instead, its body became lean and strong and oozed with untapped potential.

William extended his senses as he scanned his surroundings. From what he could tell, the place was abandoned, but he didn't let his guard down.

The Half-Elf nodded at Fenrir and the latter went ahead to see if there was anything suspicious inside the base. Ten minutes later, it returned and gave its report.

'There's no one here, Master,' Fenrir reported via telepathy.  

'Good.' William nodded. 'Take me to the pool of miasma you and your brethren were tossed into to suffer.'

Fenrir hesitated a bit, but in the end, it obeyed William's order. It had very sad and painful memories from this place and it wished that it could destroy the place completely, but William didn't want that.

His Master wanted to understand who these people were and Fenrir didn't want to get in William's way.

After walking for a few minutes, they finally arrived at a chamber where a cloud of miasma was rising through an open hatch. Clearly, whoever built this place made sure that the chamber was properly ventilated to avoid miasma poisoning.

"This is...!" Amelia's eyes widened in shock. "A misma pool!"

William dismounted from Ella's back and carefully walked towards the pool in order to observe it properly. Fenrir had already told him about the miasma pool, but it was bigger than he had expected. It was at least a hundred meters long and fifty meters wide.

It was the size of two Olympic swimming pools joined together.  

The water seemed to be boiling due to the thousands of bubbles and steam that were rising from its surface.  

The fur on Fenrir's body was standing up on end as if it was remembering something very scary. If not for William's presence, it might have already bolted out of the chamber and run back towards the exit.

The memories it had of the secret base, and the organization that ran it, were still fresh in its mind.  

'System, do you have any suggestions?'  

< Answering the host's question, there are three ways that we can deal with the current situation. First, we can upgrade the functions of the Ring of Conquest to allow dungeon modifications of the Goblin Crypt. However, it would require 10,000 God Points. Currently, the host's balance is only 1,000 God Points. >

William patiently waited because it knew that the system was still not finished with its explanation.  

< The second option is to use the power of Soleil to completely dry out the pool. However, I don't recommend this. The excess vapor would rise up to the air and scatter across the land. When this happens, the Barony of Bradford will be contaminated, killing all living things within it. >

William nodded in understanding. He agreed with the system's explanation and waited for their last option.

< The last option is to absorb the miasma by using the "Black Rose Seal" on the host's body. By doing so, the miasma will be completely eradicated, but it may cause side-effects to the host's body. >

'Side effects? What are the side effects?' William crossed his arms over his chest. Although he wanted to help Amelia and her father, he didn't want to sacrifice his body and health to that extent. He had already finished his end of the bargain and Amelia had officially joined his order. Doing more might only make things difficult for him.

< Give me a moment while I gather information and analyze the possible side-effects that the host might suffer. >

While the system was doing its calculations, William walked towards what seemed to be lockers at the corner of the chamber.  

He tried to open one of them, but they were locked, and seemed to require a key.

William smirked while taking out the Lockpicking kit from his storage ring. While he and Ezio traveled the land, he had leveled up his Thief Skills by doing some shady business like infiltrating a corrupted official's house, stealing from them, and gathering important documents.

After a minute of tinkering, William managed to open one of the drawers and what he found inside made his expression turn grim.


Chapter 225

"Modified Human Troll Army Project," William muttered as he read the document in his hand. "A humanoid hybrid that has superior regeneration ability with only one weakness… acid strong enough to melt adamantium."

Amelia who was standing beside him sucked in a cold breath because she couldn't believe what she was hearing.

"Y-You mean this facility was made to turn humans into trolls?!" Amelia couldn't contain her outburst. "And they built it here in our barony… this means that they were planning to use our citizens for their experiments!"

Amelia glared hatefully at the pool of miasma in the distance while gnashing her teeth. If not for the fact that something had gone terribly wrong with the organization's plan, their barony might have suffered a calamity of untold proportions!

William didn't reply to her and read the rest of the document. This time, he read silently. He didn't want Amelia to be blinded by rage and destroy the whole facility out of anger. He needed to gather more information about this hidden organization that he was hearing about for the first time.

After reading the scroll, the red-headed boy picked up a small book that seemed to be a diary. Just as he expected, the daily logs of the sorcerer who managed this facility were recorded. Fenrir had told him these things beforehand, so William had a general understanding of what had happened to the base.

----

-- Day 18 of the month of the Empress

We bought a few human slaves from the capital of the Hellan Kingdom and brought them here to be experimental subjects. They were made to drink the latest potions we had concocted to help modify their bodies from the inside. The modification will finish in three days, I can't wait to see the results!

-- Day 22 of the month of the Empress

The bodies of the human slaves have turned green, but aside from that, nothing seems to be different. They were still rational and there were no signs of their intelligence degrading. Will wait two more days before we proceed to Phase Two.

-- Day 24 of the month of the Empress

One of the female slaves died after her body encountered some side effects from the potion. Such a useless b*tch. She wasn't even worth the coin that was used to purchase her from the slave trader.  

Although there was a small mishap, the remaining slaves were still good to go. All of them were forced to the pool to undergo the Second Phase of the experiment.

-- Day 25 of the month of the Empress

All the experimental subjects died before they completed their transformation. I guess the miasma was too much for them to resist. No problem, we will just modify the potion in order to give them a tougher skin.

-- Day 12 of the month of the Magician.

Failure! All of them are failures! I refuse to believe that my research is wrong. Perhaps we are using the wrong approach? I better ask the organization to give me some beasts to experiment on first.

-- Day 20 of the month of the Magician.

Wild Dog and Troll blood are unexpectedly compatible with each other. This is a good start. Also, test subject 288 is showing great potential. Among the Trollhounds that were created, its transformation has surpassed my expectations.

-- Day 8 of the month of the Hierophant

Success! We created a new breed of monster! Hahahaha! A truly wonderful creation! With this, the organization will be able to give me additional funds for my research.

-- Day 12 of the month of the Hierophant

Something is wrong, Experimental subject 288 suddenly broke through to the Centennial Rank. The chains binding it were not enough to contain it. I need to do something fast before things get out of hand.

-----

The journal ended that day and William couldn't find any more diaries in the other locked drawers inside the chamber. All he saw were the formulas that were used to make the "body modification potions" that were used on Humans and beasts alike.

'Fenrir said that the Titanic Green-Scaled Trollhound rebelled a few weeks ago and managed to kill more than half of the researchers in the facility,' William thought. 'The sorcerer was only able to save his life because he used a teleportation scroll.'

William clicked his tongue after connecting the dots together. He felt regret that the Titanic Trollhound wasn't able to kill the mastermind behind its suffering.

'So that sorcerer is still at large,' William narrowed his eyes as he gazed at the pool of miasma. 'This is troublesome.'

The Half-Elf was feeling slightly anxious because if the sorcerer resumed his experiments elsewhere, a new Titanic Trollhound might be born. Also, there was a possibility that the sorcerer had managed to gather enough data to make the "Human Troll Project" a reality.

If this was true then only a handful of individuals would be able to stop an army of mutated Trolls if they decided to wreak havoc inside the Hellan Kingdom.

While William was deep in thought, the system finished its calculations and notified him right away.

< There are three possible side-effects that might occur to the host after the Black Rose Seal absorbs the pool of miasma. >

< The first one is that the power of the seal would be strengthened and the hosts inability to use magic would be extended for four more years. >

William grimaced when he heard the first side-effect. This was something that he didn't want to have happen to him. He was thankful that he lost his magic power a few years ago because it made him realize his shortcomings. It also allowed him to train and build his foundation. However, having an extension to his magic-less state was something that he wanted to avoid at all cost.

< The second one is that the host will unlock a new Prestige Class called Dread Lord. This is an extremely rare Job Class that is a level higher than most prestige classes, however, the chance of acquiring it is only .0000000001%. If the host fails to acquire this Job, the host's body will explode due to the inability to contain the miasma. >

< The third side-effect is that the host's body will undergo a transformation and turn into a Centennial Monster Slime made from Miasma. The chances of this happening is 40% >

William sighed. None of the options were appealing to him. Although the Dread Lord Job Class was enticing, the percentage was just too low for him to take a gamble.

'System, are there any other options?' William asked. 'I don't want to leave this miasma pool here. The Sorcerer might come back and, if he does, he will come fully prepared with reinforcements.'

< Sorry, Host. I can't think of other means aside from using God Points which we currently do not have. >

'Is there no other way?' William wondered. 'I swear I saw something about miasma somewhere…'

It was at that moment when William remembered the notice he received not long ago from the God Shop. He immediately asked the system to retrieve the mail that they had received from the Alchemy God.

The system hadn't brought it up at first because William had told the system to ignore it, as it was highly unlikely that they would ever come across those ingredients while in the Academy.

The System lit up his status screen with the letter from the God Shop about the Alchemy God's request for ingredients.  

------

< God Shop Mail >

"Attention to the Devout Followers of the Gods from the Ten Thousand Temple. Great rewards are waiting for each and everyone of you!

The God of Alchemists has issued a commission that is open to everyone.

He is currently looking for extremely rare and potent ingredients that he will use for his experiments. If any of you are able to acquire the items on our list, please, send a message to me, Mercurius, the Manager of the God Shop, directly.  

I will assist you in transporting the materials to the Alchemy God free of charge! However, anyone who sends me troll messages will immediately be banned from using the God Shop for a hundred years.  

Here is the list of materials that the Alchemist God is looking for and the rewards associated with them.

----

Spring of Life - 100,000 God Points

Baphomet's Horn - 50,000 God Points

A liter of Empyrean's Blood - 20,000 God Points

Ink of Krakens - 10,000 God Points

-----

The list was long, but William's and the System's attention locked in on the last entry on the list.  

Liquified Miasma - 1 God Points per Liter.  

William gulped and sent his thoughts to his "dependable partner".

'System…'  

< Five million liters. >

'... I still haven't asked a question.'

< Host, there's no need for the long winded approach. >

< Should I contact the God Shop Manager, Mercurius? >

< Yes / No >

William scratched his head and gave his answer. He didn't know whether he should laugh or cry because the System had taken the initiative to calculate how many liters of liquified miasma were present in the pool. Not only that, it was only a moment away from getting in touch with the manager of the God Shop.

Moments later, Mercurius, replied to his message and told William how the transaction would be made.  

The Half-Elf rubbed his hands together in anticipation. He was looking forward to how many God Points he was going to earn after this one time transaction with the God of Alchemists.  

'5 Million God Points.' William wanted to laugh out loud. He greedily checked the weapons in the God Shop while waiting for the exchange to finish. He had already asked Ella to take Amelia outside the chamber with the excuse that he would personally deal with the miasma that was threatening the peace of the land she was born in.  

William was feeling good about this unexpected turn of events. What he didn't know was that his happiness would be short-lived.


Chapter 226

"Um, can you repeat that?"

< We got 50,000 God Points from the God of Alchemists after exchanging the entire pool of Miasma. >

William blinked once then twice before he tilted his head in confusion.  

"50,000 God Points?" William asked. "System, I think you're missing a couple of zeros there."

< Well, I have two pieces of news for you, Host. What do you want to hear first? The good news or the bad news? >

William didn't answer the System right away. Instead, he crossed his arms over his chest and took some deep breaths. When he was finally calm again, he asked the question that was on his mind.

"What is the bad news?"

< the Miasma Pool is not made from pure Miasma. According to the God of Alchemist, the pool only consisted of 50,000 liters of liquified miasma and the rest was spring water. After the water mixed with the miasma, it got contaminated. Basically, what we saw was only a diluted pool of miasma. >

"Diluted?" William couldn't believe what the system had told him. However, after he pondered for a while, he realized that the God of Alchemists had no reason to lie to them. Since he was the expert in the field, if he said that the miasma pool was diluted then it was indeed diluted.

'Oh well, 50,000 God Points is still good,' William sighed. Although fifty thousand and five million were miles apart, he was still able to accept the outcome since he got it for free.

"Then, what is the good news?"

< The good news is that we are the first ones to deliver one of the items on the Alchemist's list. In return for our fast response to his commission, he sent us a freebie. >

A meter-wide golden cauldron appeared in front of William. The cauldron had a unique design on it that reminded him of those antiques that were being sold in second hand stores that he had visited in the past. It hovered in the air as if waiting for the boy to touch it.

After confirming with the system that there was nothing wrong with the cauldron, William finally reached out his hand to touch it. The moment the cauldron was safely in his hands, a series of text messages appeared on his status page.  

-----

< Ding! >

< Would you like to acquire the Alchemist Job Class? >

< Yes / No >

-----

'I knew it,' William thought as he appraised the cauldron in his hands. The cauldron's outer layer was plated in gold and embedded with runic letters. It felt warm to the touch as if it had just been recently placed over a fire.

At the very base of the cauldron, the symbols of the Yin and Yang could be seen. Naturally, this Yin and Yang represented the identity of the cauldron which appeared on William's status page after he used his appraisal skill.

------

< Yin Yang Cauldron (Replica)  >

-- Mythical Rank Artifact

-- This cauldron is a recreation of the very first cauldron that the Alchemist God used when crafting his pills.  

-- Increase the chance of success of pill making by 50%

-- Has a 10% chance of creating random pills with every use. Warning! The effects of these pills are completely random. Use at your own risk!

-- Maximum pills that can be made inside the cauldron is 100.

-- Can enlarge itself up to three-meters wide.  

-- Special Function: The Cauldron can safely store any kind of material or ingredient no matter how dangerous or volatile it is. No fire, poison, or acid is strong enough to melt this cauldron. The God of Alchemist treated this cauldron as his personal storage artifact whenever he visited the different planes to collect the ingredients he needed for his alchemy.  

-- This Mythical Artifact is now soul bound to William Von Ainsworth.  

-----

Seeing the gift from the Alchemist God, William remembered the cultivation novels that he had read when he was still on Earth. The alchemists were able to craft expensive pills that allowed cultivators to raise their ranks and break through their bottlenecks.

There were many cultivators in the World of Hestia and most of them resided in sects like the Misty Sect. Usually, each sect had their own Grandmaster Alchemist that catered to the needs of the entire sect. These alchemists were given VIP treatment and were often regarded as treasures of their respective factions.

William chose Yes and acquired the Alchemist Job Class.  

-----

< Alchemist >

-- A mixture of sugar, spice, and everything nice, unless they blow up in your face and kill you. That is the Alchemist Job Class.

-- Increase the chances of success of pill making by 10%

-- Acquired Alchemical Recipes (Basic)

-- Host has learned skill: Unstable Concoction  

< Unstable Concoction >

-- During pill making, the alchemist can forcefully make the pill creation unstable, turning it into a deadly weapon of mass destruction.  

-- Effect of the concoction may differ depending on the ingredients and materials used.  

-----  

William opened the page for the "Alchemical Recipes (Basic)" and read its contents.

< Brick >

-- Can be used to build houses or used as projectiles to hit your enemies.

-- Can be used as a weapon for close combat.

Mix soil and water into a thick mud. Add some sand, then mix in the straw, grass or pine needles. Bake it on medium fire for ten minutes.

According to legend, there was once a cultivator who was able to dominate the world using a brick. This legendary brick was called the "Sixty-Nine Brick".  

This brick is able to ignore all kinds of defenses. One hit on the head will knock out your opponent for one minute with 100% success rate. It can also be used repeatedly which makes this brick a feared weapon by one and all.

Chance of crafting ordinary brick: 99%

Chance of crafting the Sixty-Nine Brick: .0000000000000001%

-----

William's lips twitched as he read the recipe of the brick. He didn't believe that such a ridiculous and over-powered brick could exist in reality.

'I thought I would be crafting pills.' William scratched his head as he looked at the other recipes in his status page. 'Why is this "Alchemical Recipe Book" all about bricks, plates, cups, spoons, forks, and kitchen knives? Just what kind of stupid alchemist crafts these things?!'

William ignored the list of recipes and jumped to the last page of the book. It was there where he found the notes that were left by the author and found something interesting.

----

"Alchemy is all about creating new things. If you already know the recipe for how to turn stone into gold, the value of gold will be lost, and life will be boring. Every alchemist should learn to be creative!

A flower by the roadside, a strand of hair, and even a handful of dirt could become something else if you are willing to give alchemy a try!  

P.S  

It would be best if you get life insurance just in case something goes wrong with your experiments. You'll never know when you'll kick the bucket!

-- Fool Metal Alchemist, Edward Elfreak

-----

William sighed and stored the Yin Yang Cauldron inside his Ring of Conquest. Although his gains from this small expedition were completely unexpected, he was still happy that the main problem that plagued the Barony was solved.

He returned to the Baron's residence and shared with Philip everything he had discovered. Philip was shocked after hearing William's story. After bidding his daughter goodbye, he immediately set out with his men to investigate the headquarters left by the unknown organization.

William and Amelia, on the other hand, traveled back to the Academy to report the completion of their commission.  

Although he was still thinking about the secret organization, William was forced to push his thoughts about them aside for now. There were still some things that he needed to do, as a Commander of the Knight Order, and that was to ensure that all of his subordinates were properly equipped before the war officially started.  


Chapter 227

In the town of Lont…

A black raven landed on the ledge of Celine's window, carrying a parcel on its leg.  

Oliver, who was sitting on top of his perch, narrowed his eyes before waving his talon. The raven didn't move as the parcel on its legs flew towards the Parrot Monkey.  

When it was only half a meter away from his perch, the parcel glowed and a message appeared in the air in front of Oliver.  

-----

"The Saleh, Nasir, Rhys, and Eroan Clans are gathering their young prodigies to their ancestral domains.  

Also, certain influential factions in the Central Continent are making their move. Like the Old Elven Families, they are also preparing for a big event. The only problem is that no one, aside from their Patriarch's and a few elders, know what is about to happen.

I consulted with the Patriarch of the Rayleigh Family and he made a divination. According to him, he couldn't see what was going to happen in the future. However, he knew where it would happen, and that was none other than the Southern Continent.

Tell my granddaughter to be careful. The current balance of power in the Silvermoon Continent is quite volatile and not even the Aenarion Family is safe. For now, I've decided to keep a low profile and not mess with these muddled waters.

Oliver, keep my granddaughter safe and remember the vow that you made to me. I will hold you accountable if anything happens to Ceilne.  

May the Goddesses of the Twin Moons bestow their blessings upon the two of you."

-----

Oliver glanced at the raven and nodded his head. The raven nodded back and flew away. It had completed its mission, so it was now time to return to its master.

The Parrot Monkey sighed as he sat on his perch. Soon, the sound of footsteps coming down the stairs reached his ears.

"Was that a letter from Grandfather?" Celine asked.

"Yes, Mistress," Oliver replied. "It has begun."

Celine nodded her head and went out of the house to visit James. The two of them, and the veterans of Lont, needed to make preparations for the calamity that was about to befall the Southern Continent.

----------

"Father," Lionel said with a serious expression. "I was reading the ancient scrolls during my history lessons and came upon something interesting.It said that the First King of the Hellan Kingdom always wore a necklace with a Key attached to it.  

"I'm very curious, what do you think that key is used for? Aside from the records saying that the First King treated it like a treasure, no other information about it can be found anywhere."

Noah lowered the book in his hand as he glanced at his oldest son. "Oh? I never thought you were someone that liked history. Two years ago, you said that you didn't want to read about anything related to the history of our kingdom because it was already in the past. Why are you suddenly getting curious now?"

Lionel smiled as he faced his father's stare head on, "As the Crown Prince of the Hellan Kingdom, it would be embarrassing if someone were to ask me about how our Kingdom was founded. If I am not able to answer this question then wouldn't I become a disgrace?"

"True." Noah nodded his head in agreement. "Very well, I will tell you what I know. The key that you are referring to is called the 'Oathkeeper Key'. I also don't know much about the key, but from what my father told me, the First King had a secret domain where he hid all of his precious treasures.

"Naturally, no one knows where this domain is. He didn't share this knowledge with anyone, not even to his own son. The only legacy he left him was the Hellan Kingdom and the Oathkeeper Key. You could even say that the Kings that followed him, did everything in their power to search for this elusive domain. However, all of their efforts were in vain."

Lionel listened seriously and nodded from time to time. The secret organization said that they would support and enthrone him as the Emperor of the Southern Continent if he could give them the Oathkeeper Key.  

After hearing about the Key's importance, Lionel was having second thoughts. If he could find the key as well as the domain, perhaps he would be able to get his hands on extremely rare resources that would boost the Military Might of the Hellan Kingdom.

If that were to happen, he could command the Kingdom's Armies to conquer the entirety of the continent and declare himself as the new Emperor.  

However, the agent of the organization that was keeping in touch with him left him some words that made him anxious.

"You are not the only candidate that our organization is supporting. If the key is not in our hands within two months, our deal is over."

Lionel had always thought that he was the only candidate that the organization was grooming to become the Emperor of the Southern Continent. Although he wasn't a narcissist like William, he was someone who thought highly of himself. For him, he was the best, and the only one who had the right to stand above others.

He couldn't tolerate being used as a stepping stone by others, and the organization's veiled threat made him anxious. Because of this, he decided to put more effort in finding the key.

'I still have two months,' Lionel thought. 'After I get the key from my father, I will conduct a search to find the First King's Hidden Domain. If what I find inside is greater than the benefits of being an Emperor then I will cut ties with the organization.'

Lionel was an ambitious person. He didn't want to be treated like a "subordinate". The only reason he was trying to keep a good relationship with this secret group was because he felt that his current position was being threatened by his Younger Brother, Rufus.

The Crown Prince only had Grade C Talent in Magic, but he compensated this shortcoming by training hard as a swordsman. Right now, he was in the middle stages of the Gold Rank and the King had recognized his efforts and gave him the title of "Crown Prince".

Even so, that didn't stop Lionel's anxiousness. He knew that his father was a cunning man. Although the title of Crown Prince was currently on his head, the King of the Hellan Kingdom could easily take it away.

Noah was not only cunning, but ruthless as well. It just didn't show on the surface because the Kingdom had been experiencing an era of peace and prosperity before the Beast Tide and Dungeon Outbreaks happened.

While Lionel was thinking of these things, Noah closed the book in his hand and summoned a small ornate box from his storage ring. He then passed it along to Lionel and asked him to open it.

The Crown Prince obeyed his father and opened the small box. What lay inside was a key made from an unknown material. This was the first time he had seen such a material.

"That is the Oathkeeper Key," Noah said. "It is a key that is passed down to the reigning King of the Kingdom. Naturally, that key will be passed to your hands after I step down from my position. Until then, I will keep it safe until your coronation."

Lionel had a complicated look on his face as he looked at the key in his hands. He never thought that the key he was looking for could be obtained so easily. Now, there were only two questions going through his head.

Should he give the key to the organization?

or

Should he keep it a secret from them while he looked for the Hidden Domain that was somewhere within the Kingdom?

'Two months. I still have two months.' Lionel calmly returned the key to the ornate box and passed it back to his father. 'Since I already know where the key is. I will start looking for the domain.'

Lionel knew that the organization needed the key desperately if they were willing to trade the entire Southern Continent for it.  

Suddenly a realization passed through his body like a lightning bolt. The Crown Prince didn't know if his hunch was true, but if it was then that meant that the organization already knew the location of the Hidden Domain.

Lionel didn't want to think of such a possibility because that would put him into a corner. If that was really the reality then he would have no choice but to relinquish the key to the organization.  

He just hoped that when he did give them the key, the organization would honor their promise and make him the Emperor of the Southern Continent.  

'Sidonie, you will be mine' Lionel thought as he pushed back the bitterness in his heart with the face of his beloved princess.  

He was fine even if the treasure within the Hidden Domain was plundered. As long as the most beautiful young lady in the continent, the Third Princess of the Kingdom of Freesia, Sidonie, became his woman then he could accept the outcome.  

Since he had already confirmed the location of the key, it was now time to put his plan into motion. He would force the organization to bring the Third Princess to the Hellan Kingdom as a guarantee that they would honor their promise.  


Chapter 228

Spencer rolled on the ground and was about to get back up when Drake fell on his body, pinning him down.

"Get off me!" Spencer roared as he pushed aside his comrade at arms.

Drake lay on the ground panting and didn't get up right away. Spencer, on the other hand, picked up his spear that had fallen several meters away from him and charged at Ella.

He activated his Aura and Spear intent to increase his speed and get close to his opponent. Unfortunately, Ella didn't wait for him. Instead, she used her Rush Attack and met Spencer head-on.

Spencer was a step too late and was unable to use his weapon to strike. Ella's horns impaled the boy's chest and pierced through his heart. Spencer screamed in pain before turning into particles of light.  

Ella then fired three consecutive "Benevolent Shots" at Drake who was still lying on the ground. Soon, he, too, turned into particles of light and disappeared from the Coliseum.

"It's really hard to fight the Commander's Goat," one of the First Years winced after seeing Spencer's gruesome death.  

"Even two of our strongest fighters can't beat her in a two on one battle," an eighteen-year-old member of the Angorian War Sovereign commented. "Class C Beasts are really on another level."

"Can we not fight her?"

"We have no choice. It's the Commander's orders."

"Stop whining and let's go. There are six of us, I'm sure we can do something."

"That's right! We can overwhelm her with numbers. So what if she's a Class C Beast? We can still beat her if we work together!"

"I agree!"

"Let's go and beat the Commander's Goat!"

""Let's go!""

William was currently seated in one of the spectator seats in the Coliseum with his arms crossed over his chest. Today was Monday, and it was time for their Martial Training Class. Grent personally asked William if he could borrow Ella so she could have a battle against the students.

After asking for Ella's opinion, William accepted Grent's request and his Mama went to the Coliseum to fight against the First Years. The Head-Instructor of the First Years of the Martial Class Division hoped that the young teens would be able to test their abilities against a Class C Beast.

The outcome was a one-sided massacre.

Although Ella loved children, she didn't show the First Year's any mercy. She intended to make them realize how dangerous it was to face off against a Beast that was as strong as her. She killed all of them in order to prevent them from dying in the future due to ignorance and negligence.

Everyone fought Ella, with the exception of William. The fight was not a one-on-one battle, but a fight using a party of six people each round. At most, all of the students' battle prowess were in the Silver Ranks, which was roughly equivalent to Class D Beasts.

The officers, namely, Priscilla, Kenneth, Conrad, Spencer, Drake, and Dave were just a step away from the Gold Rank, which was roughly equivalent to a Class C Beast (Low).  

Even so, they still didn't win against Ella who had gained a lot of fighting experience through life and death battles.  

For her, the children were just as strong as a Hobgoblin Leader.  

When the entirety of the First Years had died under Ella's horns and hooves, Grent declared that their lesson for the day was over.

All of the students stared at the Angorian War Ibex with newfound admiration and respect. They even bowed to her at the end of the class as a "thank you" for giving them a painful experience.  

Ella gave them a brief nod before changing back to her "Fluffy Goat" form and returning to William's side.  

"Good job, Mama," William said as he brushed Ella's back.

"Meeeh," Ella replied happily because she felt that she had done a good job in teaching the children about the dangers of fighting against strong beasts. She hoped that this would be a painful lesson that would save their lives in the future.

William and Ella headed straight to their dormitory room to check up on Dia, Thor, and Ragnar. The three little Guardians were currently undergoing their second growth phase and had gone into hibernation.  

According to the system, this growth process could take a few weeks to a few months before the three guardians woke up from their sleep. Right now, the safest place William could leave them was the Head Prefect's room. This room was protected by a special enchantment that forbade others to enter unless they were people whom William had given exclusive permission.

Ella laid down beside the kids and looked at them with gentle eyes. She hoped that when the three of them woke up, they would be stronger and would be of greater help to William.

William looked at the sleeping guardians and frowned.  

'System, is there a place where we can hide the three of them while they are undergoing their transformation? I don't feel safe leaving them inside my room while I'm away.'

< Before I answer that question, host, can you first answer a question of mine? >

'Go ahead,' William said as he laid down on the bed. 'As long  as it's not Math, I can answer it easily.'

The system became silent for a moment before asking William the question it had been meaning to ask.  

< Host, what do you intend to do with the God Points we received from the God of Alchemists? Is there something that you plan to buy in the God Shop? >

'Actually, I also wanted to discuss this topic with you,' William replied. 'I browsed the God Shop yesterday and found some interesting weapons to buy. However, I can't decide what to get. Last time, you gave me a good recommendation with Rhongomyniad. If possible, I'd like to ask for another recommendation from you.'

< Understood. Actually, I was hoping that the host still hadn't made up his mind on what to do with the God Points. After calculating the host's possible future arrangements, I concluded that it would be best to not invest in any kind of weapon right now.

< The reasoning is simple. The host already has a few mythical grade artifacts that can be used to increase your offensive, defensive, and creative prowess. >

William nodded his head in agreement. Soleil and the Yin Yang Cauldron had indeed given him two Job Classes that he could tinker with for the time being. The Sun Knight required William to bathe in the sunlight to gain experience points. The Alchemist required William to craft items to gain mastery and gain skill points.

With these Two Job Classes in hand, adding a few more would only eat up more of William's precious time that he could use for other things.  

'What do you suggest I do with the God Points?'

< Invest in Domain Creation. >

'Domain Creation?'

Instead of answering William's inquiry, the system opened up the God Shop and showed William the Domains that were being sold on the miscellaneous tab.

-----

500 Square Meter Domain = 10,000 God Points

1.5 Square Mile Domain = 20,000 God Points

3 Square Mile Domain = 30,000 God Points

5 Square Mile Domain = 40,000 God Points

7 Square Mile Domain = 50,000 God Points

------

< Host, Domains are miniature worlds that can support life. The Alchemist God has several Domains where he plants the rare herbs that he uses for his alchemy. This allows him to craft rare pills without worrying about a shortage of ingredients.

< Several other Gods also have domains of their own to grow various products which they use to sell in the God Shop. Host, did you know? You can also buy rare beasts in the God Shop once you upgrade your Main Job Class, which is the Shepherd Class. >

'What?!' William gasped. 'You mean there are other features in the God Shop that are not available to me?'

< Yes. Right now, the host can only access the Weapon, Armor, Accessories, and the Miscellaneous Shop. After you upgrade your main Job Class, you will be able to access the other shops like the Beast Shop, Humanoid Shop, Construct Shop, and gain access to the Auction House. >

'They also sell live Beasts? And Humanoids?' William frowned. 'I can understand why they sell Beasts, but Humanoids as well? Isn't that the same as selling slaves?'

< Host, you have to understand that not all the Gods are as good as the ones that support you. If there is light, there will also be darkness. The Auction House is also a place where the followers of the Gods can auction the items that they found in their own worlds.  

< It is a way to gain God Points which then can be used to purchase other items in the God Shop. >

< In time, the host will also be able to auction off your own items in the God Shop, but for now, our priority is to have our own Domain. I propose that the host use 30,000 God Points to buy the 3 Square Mile Domain from the God Shop. By doing so, you can house a number of Beasts, such as the Trollhounds that are currently staying inside your Goblin Crypt. >


Chapter 229

William didn't think twice and immediately purchased the 3 Square Mile Domain that was worth 30,000 God Points.

His current problem was having a suitable place he could send the Beasts, that he was planning to add to his private army, to when he didn't need their help. Right now, Fenrir and the other Trollhounds were staying inside the Goblin Crypt.  

It was the "makeshift solution" that the system had made as a temporary housing area for them. The system built a "Barracks" inside the dungeon where the trollhounds could stay, which enabled them to explore the Dungeon anytime that they wanted.

The main reason William and the System had housed them inside the Dungeon was because The Goblin Crypt supplied the Trollhounds with an unlimited source of food, namely the goblins inside the dungeon. The additional good news was that they could gain combat experience while doing so.  

It also helped them develop their team battle tactics which would greatly increase their battle prowess.

After the Domain was purchased, the system integrated it inside the Ring of Conquest, by paying additional 5,000 God Points. It also connected the domain to the dungeon which would give them additional benefits once William's seal had been undone.

William stood inside the domain and scanned its surroundings. There was nothing inside it aside from the sky and dry land.  

< Host we will now customize the domain, but we will need God Points in order to purchase the things we need. The prices will be shown on your status page and you can arrange it in any way that you wish. >

William nodded his head and accessed the "Domain Settings" where various landmarks like trees, mountains, valleys, plains, marshlands, rivers, lakes, oceans, could be found.

'Hmp. The days I spent playing Simp City were not in vain.' William grinned as he started to modify the lifeless Domain he had just bought.

'10 ordinary trees only cost 1 God Point, not bad,' William thought as he looked at the ordinary trees that were available in the shop. Then his eyes widened when he saw several other trees that he had only heard of in this lifetime.

-----

< Dragon Blood Tree - 100 God Points each. >

-- A breed of tree that produces a red sap that could be used for making healing potions.

< Monkey Puzzle Tree - 100 God Points each. >

-- A breed of tree that spawns one Cercopes Monkey per day

-- Maximum number of Cercopes Monkeys spawned per tree is 30

< Quiver Tree - 100 God Points each. >

-- A breed of tree that automatically creates 10 - 20 arrows per week.

-- Additionally once a month it will create a batch of 10 elemental arrows.  

< Candelabra Tree - 1000 God Points each. >

-- A breed of tree that spawns two random "Rainbow Birds" a day.

-- Maximum number of Rainbow Birds spawned per tree is 50.

-- if a Rainbow Bird dies, a new egg will appear on the tree and hatch 24 hours later.  

-----

There were thousands of trees in the tree catalogue and William couldn't possibly read them all. In the end, William bought one Dragon Blood Tree, one Monkey Puzzle Tree, one Quiver Tree, one Candelabra Tree and a Hyperion Tree, which was recommended by the system.

-----

< Hyperion Tree - 1,000 God Points each >

-- One of the tallest trees in the world

-- A breed of tree that spawns one Blood Eagle

-- Maximum number of Blood Eagles per tree is 1.

< Blood Eagle >

-- Birds of Prey

-- Threat Level: D (Mid)

-- Blood Eagles are Class D Beasts that will continue to grow stronger as they devour the blood and flesh of their enemies.

-- It has a wingspan of 3 meters and is capable of traveling 400 MPH in short bursts, making it one of the fastest birds of prey in the world.

-- It's final form is the Blood Tempest which is a Millennial Beast.

-----

William spent 1,420 God Points on the trees which left him a balance of 14,580 God Points.  

'So expensive.' William scratched his head as he arranged the trees within the domain. He placed the Hyperion Tree at the center of the domain, while he scattered the other expensive trees in the Four Cardinal locations.

William added a lake and four rivers which cost him 700 God points. Soon, the Half-Elf became too engrossed in designing his domain and bought a couple of things for Aesthetic purposes.  

His added purchases cost him 2,000 God Points, but his domain became more lively because of it. The weather control was worth 1,000 God Points. This function allowed William to control the temperature and season of his Domain depending on his whim.  

The other 1,000 God Points was used to buy hills, boulders, shrubs, flower fields, and a Wide Villa that would serve as his "Vacation House".  

William was planning to add a few more things in the Domain when the System stepped in and reminded him that they had limited funds, so he couldn't use it for luxury items.

'10,980 God Points left.' William sighed because his "Simp City" Project was put on hold for the time being.  

"I need to buy grass that will grow in the plains for the herd to consume," William muttered as he thought of Aslan, Chronos, and the rest of the goats that were currently in Lont. He wanted to give them the best, so William decided to buy the most expensive grass he could find in the Domain Shop.

< High Grade Spirit Grass - 5,000 God Points per Hectare. >

-- A spirit grass that nourishes the body of anyone that consumes it and helps expel impurities.

-- Can be used to craft certain types of pills and medicines.

-- Continuous consumption of this grass will help strengthen the body overtime.

-- After it is eaten, it will take 5 days for it to regrow again.

-----

'So expensive!' William scratched his head, but still ultimately bought a hectare worth of High-Grade Spirit Grass.  

He then evenly scattered it along the Four Cardinal Directions in order to prevent the Herd Animals from fighting against each other. William vowed that he would buy more Spirit Grass once he earned more God Points through his quests.  

William summoned the trollhounds to his Domain and allowed them to explore the surroundings. He forbade them from making trouble with the Cercopes Monkey and the Rainbow Birds.  

William ordered the Blood Eagle not to attack anyone inside the Domain. He promised that he would take it out to hunt from time to time and the latter happily agreed.  

Every Beast inside William's domain was automatically added to his King's Legion. Although they were not creatures of the herd, they were inhabitants of his Domain. Since William was the owner, that made him the Master of all the beasts that resided within it.

< God Points: 5,980 >

"System, let's stop for now," William said. "I'm tired."

William had spent hours arranging his Domain and he was now feeling very hungry. Designing the domain was fun, but very expensive as well. For now, he decided to stop and save what remaining God Points he had for future purposes. He was about to leave the domain when the System stopped him.

< Host, you are forgetting something important. >

"I am?" William scratched his head. "Should I have added a small mountain? Or perhaps a small valley? What did I forget exactly?"

< Host, you forgot to give your Domain a name. >

"Ah!" William clapped his hands in realization. "How could I completely forget such an important thing. Very well, from now on, this domain will be called 'Thousand Beast Domain'."

-----

< Ding! >

< Thousand Beast Domain has been successfully registered! >

< New Title Acquired! >

< Title: Domain Master >

< Domain Master >

"I am the Master of my Fate, the Captain of my Soul."

-- Receives +10 Enhancement to all stats.

-- Increase production rate of everything inside the domain by 20%

-----

William has received several titles. However, he could only equip three of them at a time. The system had told him that he could equip three additional titles after he had upgraded his Main Job Class to the next level, which made William look forward to the future.

The current Titles he had equipped were…

< Giant Slayer >

< Wolf Slayer >

< Domain Master >

-----

< Giant Slayer >  

"The bigger they are, the harder they fall!"

-- Increase attack against Giant Race by 30%

-- Increase attack against monsters that are over 5 meters tall by 30%

-- Strength +5

-----

< Wolf Slayer >

"Time to save Little Red Riding Hood!"

-- Increase attack against Wolf Type Monsters by 50%

-- Strength +3

-----

After making sure that everything was in order, William left the Thousand Beast Domain and returned to the real world.  

Ironically, as soon as he appeared inside his room, he heard someone knocking on his door.  

"Who is it?" William asked.

"It is me, Kenneth," Kenneth answered.  

William hurriedly opened the door and saw his Ex-Roommate Kenneth with a worried look on his face. At first, Kenneth stayed with William inside the Prefect Room, but after the latter became the Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign, Kenneth returned to their old dormitory room to give William some privacy.

Although William didn't mind if Kenneth stayed with him, the delicate looking boy insisted that they separate their living quarters.

"I came to find you an hour ago, but no one was answering when I knocked," Kenneth said. "Do you want to have dinner together?"

"Okay, can you wait five minutes? There is something I need to do first," William stated.

"Sure."

"Thank you."

William closed the door and teleported the three sleeping guardians to his Villa inside the Thousand Beast Domain. He had already prepared a room for the three of them to rest while he waited for them to wake up from their hibernation.

The Half-Elf was finally able to breathe a sigh of relief after the three kids were safely tucked into their beds. Ella decided to stay with them instead of following William to the dining room. She had already eaten. She had tested the Spirit Grass that William had planted to make sure that it was safe for consumption and she was very satisfied with it.

Five minutes later, William and Kenneth headed to the Dining Hall together. The latter looked at William suspiciously, but didn't say anything else. His mission was to observe the boy and not interfere with his private life.

Whatever secrets William had, Kenneth had no intention of prying into them. Deep inside, he was feeling guilty, so he did his job half heartedly. The thought of William getting hurt because of his mission was something he didn't want to have happen.

This was why he didn't report everything about William and kept some of his secrets to himself. He hoped that when they parted ways, William would still treat him as a friend, instead of a traitor who spied on him behind his back.  


Chapter 230

"The Prince is asking for a meeting, My Lord. He said that he wanted to ask you something very important," the black robed man reported to his lord. "He insisted that his cooperation will depend on whether or not you can answer his questions and agree to his one request."

The man seated on the black throne raised an eyebrow. "The Crown Prince wants to meet me personally?"

"Yes. This is part of his conditions for cooperating with us."

"Well, I guess it will not take too much time to answer his questions. I'm just curious about what kind of request he would make."

The man leaned back on his throne and smiled.

"When and where is this meeting taking place?" the Lord inquired.

"Three days from now at two in the afternoon," the black-robed man answered. "The meeting place is the Sky Pavilion located on the East side of the capital."

"Very well." The Lord nodded. "Make sure to alert the Grim Guards as well. If the Crown Prince does anything funny let's just dispose of him."

"By your will," the black-robed man pressed his fist over his chest and bowed respectfully.

-----

"Inter-Division Battle," William muttered as he read the document in his hands. "I thought that the academy was going to cancel this event, but it seems like they are trying to distract the students due to the recent events that have happened."

Est, who was seated across from him, nodded in agreement. "The Academy is trying to motivate the students and let them recover from their current mindset. As you may have already seen, the rewards are quite generous."

"Indeed. It seems that the academy gained a lot of resources after the Dungeon Outbreak."

"Those resources were gained from the sacrifices of the students in the academy. It is right for them to share it with the survivors."

William placed the document down and gave Est a smile. "Just so you know, we will not be taking it easy on any of you."

"That goes without saying," Est replied. "To be honest, I also want to have a serious fight with you. A battle to the death."

"Oh? You're that confident in beating me?"

"I'm 30% confident in beating you."

Est looked at William with a serious expression. He still couldn't fathom how strong William was. The fight against Kingsley ended in an instant and he couldn't tell if William was strong, or if Kingsley was really weak.

Of course, he had seen their first duel in Lont a few years ago, but back then, William's power was sealed. Even now, William didn't have his powers, but he felt more dangerous compared to when he was facing off against the Cyclops in the Trial of Courage.

Seeing Est's intense stare, William felt like teasing him, so decided to crack a joke.

"Why are you looking at me like you want to kiss me?" William asked. He then picked up the cup of tea in front of him and took a sip.

"If you were a girl, I would definitely kiss you," Est replied. "Hey, why don't you find an artifact that will turn you into a girl? Don't worry, I'll take responsibility and marry you if you don't turn back into a man."

William placed the teacup on the table and smirked. He was impressed with how Est managed to turn his teasing around and decided to not continue with the topic. The Half-Elf had no intention of turning into a girl. He wanted to be the one on the top!

(Editor's Notes: Sad that he doesn't know that girls can be on top just as much as the men can be. xD )

"How about we make the Inter-Division Battle more interesting?" William proposed. "I'm sure that if the stakes are high enough, both of us will not hold back and fight each other seriously. What do you think?"

Est pondered and thought that William's proposal sounds good. For him, as long as there was something at stake, he would definitely give his best to win against William.

"What do you have in mind?" Est crossed his arms over his chest. "As long as it doesn't go below my bottom line, I can agree to it."

William pressed his hands together and gave Est a smile that would put all "con men" to shame.  

"Simple, if you win I'll...." William said with a smile. "But, if you lose, you will…"

Est was very tempted by William's offer. If he won then he would be extremely happy. However, if he lost then he would definitely lose a layer of skin. William's asking price was quite high, and Est didn't know if he should agree to it or not.

"Can you give me two days to think about it?" Est replied.  

"Of course." William leaned back on his chair as if this 'business deal' between him and Est was not a big deal. "The Inter-Division Battles will take place a month from now. You still have plenty of time to think about it. Just make sure that you give me an answer a week before the event."

"Okay."

"Great. I'm looking forward to hearing your answer."

------

When Est returned to his room, he immediately asked for Ian's and Isaac's opinion about William's proposal.

"Young Master, if I am going to be frank, the one that has a disadvantage in this bet is William," Isaac said with a serious expression. "Having put himself at a disadvantage, he then gave you a counter bet that was very hard to resist. However, within that offer is a trap."

Isaac looked straight into Est's eyes as he continued his explanation. "Knowing William, he wouldn't make a bet like this if he wasn't assured of his victory. This means that he is very confident in his ability to beat the Young Master."

"I agree," Ian nodded his head. "Although William may act like a fool from time to time, his strength is the real deal. Also, I've been having this feeling that he is far stronger than what we see on the surface. This bet is too dangerous, Young Master."

Est sighed because he had the same feeling as well. However, William's offer was simply too hard to resist. Even if his logical mind rejected it, his heart wanted it so badly.

"He gave me until a week before the Inter-Division Battle starts, so I'll think this through before then," Est commented.

"Still he is very sly." Ian shook his head. "Such an offer is simply too hard to resist."

"Which makes it equally dangerous." Isaac sighed. "Frankly, I'd rather fight a Terrorhand again than fight William in a one-on -one battle. I don't have the confidence to beat him."

The three boys all nodded their heads simultaneously. When they first met William he was just a simple shepherd in their eyes. They had no idea that a simple shepherd like him, would be able to become a Knight Commander a few months after they were reunited.


Chapter 231

"Will, where is Thor?" Wendy asked. "I haven't seen him for a few days. Is he alright?"

After classes, Wendy visited William and inquired about Thor's whereabouts. It had been three days since she last saw the puppy and she was feeling anxious.

"He's safe," William replied. "He's just undergoing a growth phase, and now is a crucial time. In order to prevent anyone from disturbing him, I decided to put him in a safe place along with Dia and Ragnar."

"I see…" Wendy was disappointed because she had really gotten close to Thor. The puppy would accompany her everywhere to the point that they even bathed together.

Seeing her disappointment, William couldn't help but smile in his heart. Wendy was a straightforward person and her expression told him just how important Thor was in her life.  

"Don't worry, as soon as he finishes his Growth Phase, I will immediately bring him to you."

"Really?"

"Yes." William nodded. "I promise."

"I'll take your word for it." Wendy smiled a bit before sitting down beside William.  

They finished their training an hour ago and Wendy visited William after she had taken a bath. The smell of scented soap tickled William's nose as the beautiful girl gave him a hug. The two teenagers' relationship had grown closer and Wendy was not the type of person to hide her feelings when the two of them were in private.

William patted her hair and closed his eyes. It was impossible not to feel anything when someone was openly showing their love to him through their actions.

"If the two of us meet in the Inter-Division Battles, take it easy on me," Wendy said as she rested her head on William's shoulder. "You're not allowed to hurt me."

"Fine," William replied. "I will just push you out of the arena."

"Hmp! Try it if you can. You think that I'm easy to bully?"

"Others can't bully you, but I can."

Wendy pouted and lightly pounded on William's chest with her closed fists.  

William chuckled and grabbed her hand. He then placed it over his chest and kissed Wendy's forehead.  

"Be good," William ordered. "If you're too naughty, I will have to punish you."

"And how will you punish me?" Wendy looked up on William with upturned eyes. "What kind of punishment will the Great Commander give to this helpless damsel?"

William whispered something in Wendy's ear and the latter immediately blushed after hearing William's words. She pounded his chest again, while William didn't do anything to stop her this time around.  

Wendy's pounding lacked strength. Instead of feeling pain, William felt a ticklish sensation instead.

Aside from his Master, Celine, and his Big Sister, Leah, William didn't have any close girl friends. This was why having Wendy around made him feel as if he had returned to Earth. Back to the time when he would look at Belle standing in the distance and bury his blooming love deep inside his heart.

Since William could understand the feeling of loving someone one-sidedly, he didn't reject Wendy's advances and allowed her to do as she pleased. This in turn made William's heart, that had once become cold, start to open up to the idea of having a serious relationship with someone.

A few minutes later, Wendy took a candy pouch out of her storage ring and started to eat.

Her Big Sister, Charlotte, had given her another batch of candies last night, which made her very happy.  

William, on the other hand, was currently reading the document that had been given to him in their officer's meeting a few hours ago.

It was the rules for the Inter-Division Battles and William decided to memorize them and see if there were any loopholes that he could abuse. The Martial Division was always at a disadvantage when fighting against the Magic and Spirit Divisions.  

Although William was confident that this year would be different, he still read the rules to see if he could add more odds to their chances of winning.

While he was deep in thought, a slender hand pressed something over his lip. William unconsciously took it inside his mouth and immediately tasted something sweet.

'A candy?' William thought. 'Not bad. This tastes good.'

William was about to ask Wendy for another one when a series of notifications appeared on his status screen.

-----

< Ding! >

< A Low Level Suggestion spell is trying to invade the host's Sea of Consciousness! >

< Defensive Actions Initiated! >

< Low Level Suggestion spell has been successfully neutralized! >

-----

William's eyes widened in shock and immediately asked the system to investigate the source of the Low Level Spell that tried to infiltrate his Sea of Consciousness.

------

< Analyzing Spell… >

< Successful! >

< Spell Name: Embrace of the Mind Weaver >

< Embrace of the Mind Weaver >

-- A spell that is used to plant a powerful suggestion inside a person's Sea of Consciousness.

-- This spell is very effective against those who have no resistance against magic.

-- This spell invades and slowly corrupts the Sea of Consciousness from within, which allows the one that cast the spell to give their victim "suggestions". This suggestion will make the victim think that it was their "own idea" and carry it out accordingly.

-- Depending on how strong the victim's willpower is, some suggestions can be resisted.

-- The more this spell invades the person's Sea of Consciousness, the lesser the chance the victim wil resist the caster's orders.

------

William took a deep breath as he tried to hold back the anger that was rising from his chest. He had unconsciously clenched his fists while reading the information about the spell that had tried to invade his Sea of Consciousness.

"Is it good?" Wendy asked. "My Big Sister from the Magic Division gave this to me. Do you want more?"

"Yes, please," William replied as he unclenched his fists. "How about you give me all of the candy in your possession?"

"Eh? But, my Big Sister Charlotte gave these to me." Wendy hid the pouch of candy behind her back. "I was not supposed to share them with anyone, but since you're special to me, I gave you one."

William stood from his seat and walked towards Wendy. The system urged him to get more samples, so that it could analyze how the spell had been enchanted onto a piece of candy.

"Don't worry, I will give you something else in return," William said as he hugged Wendy. This time around, his hug was more firm as if not wanting her to run away from him.  

Wendy could feel that something was wrong with William, but she couldn't put her finger on what it was. All she knew was that the current William was looking at her with a worried gaze and the arms holding her made her feel safe.

"I'll give this to you if you give me a kiss, how about it?" Wendy teased as she shook the pouch in front of William. She had teased William many times in the past, but none of them had worked. The blonde beauty thought that the one she liked would back off after she gave her condition.

"Okay," William replied. He then used his left hand to raise Wendy's chin and kissed her lips.

Wendy's eyes widened when William actually agreed to her request. When William's soft lips pressed against her, she felt a surge of electricity pass through her body. Soon, her eyes closed, as she wrapped her arms around William's back.  

When their lips separated, Wendy sighed in contentment because this was the first kiss she had ever received on the lips. She had always thought that her first kiss would be very romantic. However, the blonde beauty didn't expect that her first kiss would be taken from her in exchange for a pouch of candies!

"That was my first kiss," Wendy said with a slightly higher voice. Clearly, she still hadn't recovered from the effect of William's kiss.

"It was my sec-, first kiss as well," William stuttered. 'At least, this was my first kiss in this lifetime.'

"One more?" Wendy pleaded.

"Okay." William agreed.

This time, the kiss was not only long, but sweet as well. When it was over, Wendy rested her head on William's chest. Her face was beet red, but there was a sweet smile on her face. On that day, she affirmed that William's kiss was far sweeter than any candy she had tasted in her lifetime.


Chapter 232

Inside William's room, the sound of steady breathing could be heard.  

Wendy's head was currently lying on Wililam's lap, while the latter gently brushed her hair. She had fallen asleep about half an hour ago and the Half-Elf was keeping watch over her.  

'How is she?' William asked.

< She has ingested a good amount of candies. Fortunately, she's also a mage so her resistance slowed the invasion of her Sea of Consciousness. However, if she were to ingest more candies, the suggestion spell inside of her will strengthen to the point where the caster will be able to control her thoughts, and emotions, to a certain extent. >

'The suggestion spell isn't as powerful as the charm spell, right?'

< No. But, there is still a risk that the victim wouldn't know that the thoughts inside their head were not their own, but of the caster who has placed the spell inside their body. According to my estimate, the progression of the spell inside Wendy's body is at 25% >

'25%...,' William thought as she gazed down at the sleeping beauty on his lap. He was now faced with a difficult situation.  

The first choice was to cure Wendy completely and start his investigation on the matter. The second was to investigate this incident while Wendy continued to consume candy and accumulate the spell inside of her.

The first choice was the ideal one, but it would also alert the Mastermind that someone had tinkered with their spell. This in turn would alarm them and would give them the opportunity to hide safely in the shadows.

Once this happened, William would have a hard time finding the culprit and the hidden danger would still be there.

The second option was more risky because it would endanger Wendy's safety. The more candy she ate, the more the caster's spell would accumulate until it reached a point where he could subtly order Wendy to do things, while the latter thought that it was the "right thing to do".  

'System, do you have any suggestions?' William asked as he continued to brush Wendy's hair. If possible, he didn't want to endanger this girl who loved him so much.

< I will leave the decision to you, Host. >

William sighed internally. He knew what he had to do, but it still hurt him to do it.  

He felt bitter.

He felt like scum.

He felt that he was no different from the nobles who used people as their chess pieces in order to gain more profit for them.

After thinking long and hard, William came to a decision.

'System, I want you to put a special tracker on Wendy. Place all the add-ons in it. See what she sees, hear what she hears. Also, monitor her emotional wavelengths. At the first sign of danger, alert me right away and we will go to rescue her immediately.'

< That will be 1,500 God Points all in all and it will last for two months. Are you sure of your decision, Host? >

< Yes / No >

'Do it,' William replied without batting an eye. For him, Wendy was more important than God Points.

< Special tracker successfully implanted! >

< Host, I have a suggestion. >

'What is it?'

< I can attach a special tracker to Wendy so that we can also put a tracker on the person that gives her the candy. I heard earlier that she mentioned a "Big Sister Charlotte" perhaps, this person is connected to the Mastermind pulling the strings from behind. >

'Or she could be another one of that bastard's victims,' William commented. 'Very well, use the God Points needed. I don't mind.'

< Understood. >

< Deducting 1,500 God Points from the Balance. >

< God Points Remaining: 2980 >

William held Wendy's hand firmly. He would do his best to protect her to the best of his abilities, but this was a gamble that he needed to take. The Half-Elf had a bad feeling that there was a bigger plot behind this incident. He hoped that he was wrong because if he was right then this didn't bode well for the students of the Hellan Royal Academy.

-----

Meanwhile, inside Carter's Room…

Carter was currently holding a communication crystal in his hand. He felt the familiar tug of his Lord's Magic which his superior often used to contact him if something important had come up.

"Master, I am here," Carter said respectfully as the communication crystal glowed red.

Soon, an image of a handsome man with two small horns protruding out of his head appeared on the surface of the crystal. He was Carter's direct superior, and one of the generals of the Demon Lord, Zagarl Rannath.  

"There is a change of plans," Zagarl said with a serious expression. "I want you to massacre the students of the Hellan Academy. This must be done in less than two months. After your mission, immediately return to the Demon Continent and accept the rewards that the Demon Lord has promised you."

Carter frowned when he heard that his mission had changed. His original mission was to corrupt the talented students inside the Royal Academy and bring them back to the Demon Continent to be used as studs, and broodmares for the Demon Race.

Now, his mission changed to a massacre. Carter didn't know why the General suddenly had a change of heart, but he was in no position to question his orders.

Seeing the confusion on Carter's face, the general sighed and continued his explanations.  

"Your original plan will still be carried out, but focus on bringing the girls to the Demon Continent," Zagarl stated. "As for the boys, use them as cannon fodders while you make your escape.  

"I have already sent additional resources to you and it will arrive two to three days from now. Use those ingredients to strengthen the effect of your candies by tenfold. That way, you will not have to wait for a full month before your spell takes hold of their minds. At most, you will only need a week or two to completely put them all under your thumb."

Carter's expression immediately eased after hearing that additional resources would be sent to him. The lack of which had been the main problem he faced in wanting to make more candies in a short period of time.  

"My Liege, the Academy is going to have an Inter-Division Battle a month from now," Carter reported. "That is the perfect opportunity to conduct a massacre. How about we do it on that day?"

"Good." Zagar pondered for a bit before nodding his head. "I will also send some demons to aid you in transporting the girls back to the Demon Continent. I will allow you to pick five of the girls from the academy for yourself. So, make sure to pick the best, understood?"

"Thank you for your generosity, My Liege," Carter bowed. He then pressed his fist over his chest. "Glory to the Demon Race!"

Zagarl, too, pressed his fist over his chest as he gave his reply, "Glory to the Demon Race!"

Carter ended the call and carefully deposited the communication crystal back into his storage ring. He had things to take care of, so he left the room in haste.

A few minutes after the professor left the room, a small black snake crawled out from under the bed. It then entered a small gap in the wall until it was safely out of the Teacher's Dormitory.

It slithered through the grass until it arrived at a small warehouse used to store the academy's tools and other supplies.  

A few seconds later, the snake transformed into a man wearing a hood. The man glanced in the direction of the Teacher's dormitory once before turning into black a mist.  

The chirping of a cicada echoed in the quiet afternoon. It was as if it was making a proclamation that the night would soon descend upon the lands of the Southern Continent.


Chapter 233

Wendy was staring outside the window of her classroom. She would giggle from time to time which made Est, and the rest of her classmates, look at her with amused expressions.

The scene of William kissing her was still fresh in her mind and it was making her giddy from happiness. She had completely forgotten that she wasn't inside his room anymore and was inside their classroom instead.

"Ms. Armstrong, it seems that you are very happy today," Layla said with a smile that didn't reach her eyes. "Why don't you share to the entire class the reason why you're giggling like a mandrake?"

Wendy absentmindedly glanced at Layla and blurted out the words that were on her mind.  

"Commander William is a good kisser."

Est, who was seated not far from her, dropped the book in his hand as his eyes widened in shock.  

Ian, who was seated beside Est, had his mouth opened wide enough for a golf ball to pass through it.  

The class descended into silence as they stared at the beautiful blonde girl who just realized that she had made a blunder.

Wendy immediately covered her lips as her face turned as red as a ripe tomato.  

"Oh?" Layla raised an eyebrow. "The new Knight Commander is a good kisser? Well, this certainly is a piece of good news for those who are infatuated with him. Now, Ms. Armstrong, why don't you turn your Book of Magic Principles to page sixty-nine and read the different magical reactions when elements collide."

Wendy hurriedly opened her book and stood up from her seat. She then narrated the contents of the book to the class, while doing her best to keep her voice from stuttering.  

Her classmates started to giggle when they saw Wendy's panicked expression. Even so, there were two boys in the room who were not giggling. Instead, they were looking at Wendy as if she was a cheating cat that had stolen the cheese named "William" from their table.

------

"Mama, did you feel a sudden chill just now?" William asked. "I could have sworn that a cold wind just passed through me."

Ella tilted her head to the side for a few seconds before resolutely shaking her head.  

The two were currently undertaking a Topography lesson. Their instructor had asked them to create a map of the entire Martial Division, and the First Years were now loitering around the premises holding scrolls in their hands, to draw various landmarks and create a detailed map to the best of their abilities.

In war, map making was an important skill. Even an impromptu one could allow them to navigate their surroundings.

As William was hard at work, a small wren landed on his shoulder and began chirping.  

It was none other than the Wren, Aethon, that William had brought back from the Whimsical Forest. He had given the small bird an important task and it was now giving its Master a full report of its mission.  

"Great job," William said as he gave the bird a strip of beef jerky.  

The bird happily ate the jerky before flying away. It was going to resume patrolling around the academy while looking for suspicious individuals on the prowl. Since William still didn't know who the puppeteer pulling the strings from the background was, he asked Aethon to keep a lookout on anything that seemed suspicious.

He trusted the bird's knack of gathering information from its surroundings--like the time when it warned him of the Wyverns in the Whimsical Forest.  

Wrens were very common in the world and most people would not think much of them if they happened to see one. This was the reason why Aethon was the perfect choice for the mission.  

Although William was the Knight Commander, he was still a student of the Martial Class. He  was able to skip lessons using his authority, but he wanted to be a good role model to his subordinates. He wanted to teach them how to become humble, even if they were in a position of power.

After William turned a corner, he caught sight of a young boy wandering around the premises. The boy was followed by four guards whom William had estimated to be in the Mithril Ranks.  

He recognized him right away, because he had seen him at the party. It was none other than the youngest prince of the kingdom, Ernest Louis Vi Hellan.  

William moved to the side to allow the prince to pass. However, the prince didn't do that. Instead he walked towards William and looked up at him.

"What a happy coincidence to meet you here in the academy, Commander William," Ernest said with a smile.

"It is indeed a happy coincidence, Your Highness," William pressed his fist over his chest and bowed respectfully. "Is there something that His Highness needs from me?"

"Yes." Ernest nodded. "Actually, I came here to the academy to talk to you personally. There is a commission that I would like for you to undertake."

"A commission?"  

"Yes. A very important one."

William frowned. Currently he was in the process of finding the culprit behind the candies that were circulating around the academy. He really had no time to do a commission for the Prince. However, since he was still a Knight of the kingdom, he decided to at least listen to the Prince first before deciding whether to accept his commission or not.

"Please, follow me to the Commander's office," William replied. "Whatever the Prince wants to ask of me must be something very important. You wouldn't go out of your way to come here personally if it wasn't."

Ernest didn't answer but only gave William a small smile. It was his way of acknowledging William's deductions.  

When the two arrived at William's office, the Prince ordered his four guards to remain outside and guarded the door. Clearly, he didn't want them hearing his private talk with William.

After the two were seated, the Prince finally told him the reason why he came to see the Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign.

"You already know that our kingdom is preparing to fight against the two Dynasties on our borders," Ernest explained. "After making a detailed estimate of our kingdom's remaining forces, the King felt that we wouldn't have enough men to protect both fronts of the battlefield."

William nodded his head. The King had a private talk with him before he left the party and told him that there was a possibility that the students of the academy would be mobilized once again to fight for their homeland on the front lines.

"However, it will not be enough," Ernest shook his head. "Do you know why the two dynasties have been able to stand in the Southern Continent while avoiding being conquered by the Hellan and Freesia Alliance?"

"No," William answered. He was not too familiar with the two dynasties beyond their borders because he was too busy training his Knight Order to become an independent unit during the war.

"It's because of their Guardian Beasts," Ernest stated. "Both Dynasties have Guardian Beasts that protect their Dynasties. According to the reports, these two Guardian Beasts are Myriad Beasts. What is more troublesome is that these two beasts are said to be only a step away from becoming Calamities.  

If they join the battle then we will not have enough forces to stop them… and this is also the reason why I came to find you, Commander William. We need you to go with the Kingdom's Ambassador, Sir Jerkins, and travel to the North where the tribes are congregated. We need their help to resist this invasion from our neighbors."

Ernest lowered his head, "Alone, the Hellan Kingdom doesn't have any chance of victory."

The youngest prince then glanced at Ella who was standing beside William. "The King and I believe that the Ambassador will not be able to convince them if he went alone. This is why we want you to accompany him in this undertaking."

William tapped the top of the table with his fingertip. This was indeed an important mission of the Kingdom and a mission he couldn't ignore. Ella had once told him about the mighty tribes that lived in the North.  

The tribes that raised Angorian War Ibexes as their mounts, which prevented the Kingdom from conquering them. It was the era when the Southern Continent was still in a turmoil of warring kingdoms and dynasties who were battling for supremacy.  

The Half-Elf was currently torn between doing his duty and protecting someone important to him. He knew how important this mission was, but he was unwilling to leave Wendy in the academy to gradually be corrupted by the Mastermind hiding in the shadows without him around to protect her.  

Ernest waited patiently for his answer. He eyed William with concealed interest. Est had often told him stories about this Half-Elf who had saved his life twice many years ago.  

The Youngest Prince wanted to know if Wiliam was really as amazing as the stories that were told to him by the person whom the Young Prince loved and respected in his heart.


Chapter 234

Lionheart flapped his wings as he fought against the wind currents.  

Dave, who was wrapped in thick clothes, was currently sitting behind the Gryphon's back as they traveled through the dark skies of the Northern Regions. The flying carriage they pulled behind their backs flew steadily amidst the strong winds that passed over them.

Flying alongside them, was another Gryphon pulling a flying carriage that belonged to the Foreign Ambassador of the Hellan Kingdom. These two carriages flew side by side throughout the night in order to arrive at their destination as soon as possible.

Inside the carriage of the Angorian War Sovereign, Wendy slept peacefully with her head resting on William's lap. She was covered with a warm blanket and a sweet smile hung on her lips. William, too, had his eyes closed. His right hand rested on the armchair of the couch, while his other hand rested on top of Wendy's hand, which was placed over her belly.  

The other members of the Angorian War Sovereign were similarly resting on the comfortable couches inside the carriage.  

Flying carriages were built for long travels, so there was sufficient space inside to accommodate up to a dozen people. Ian looked at William and Wendy with an envious gaze. With a glance, he could tell that their relationship had grown closer and he was feeling bitter about it.

'It's not fair,' Ian thought. 'We were the ones who saw him first.'

Ian covered his face with a blanket because he didn't want to look at the two that were making his heart ache with bitterness. He doesn't understand why he was feeling this way, but the thought of William being together with Wendy was making him feel sad.

Kenneth opened his eyes and gave his Ex-Roommate and the beautiful girl sleeping on his lap a glance, before he, too, closed his eyes to sleep. For him, it didn't matter who William ended up with. What was important to him was the boy's happiness.

On this journey to the North, William brought his own Knight Squad with him.  

Wendy, Ian, Kenneth, Bruno, Brutus, Amelia, and Dave were the people he had chosen to accompany him on his mission. At first, he was planning to bring Priscilla or Spencer along, but rejected it after some careful consideration.

Priscilla was his Vice Commander and she needed to be in the academy in case of an emergency. As for Spencer, he was Wendy's twin brother, so William wanted to bring him along at first. However, knowing the siscon's overprotective tendency, he decided to kick him off his list.

Since he had already accepted Wendy's feelings for him, having a third wheel was annoying. Of course, Spencer discovered that his sister was going to accompany William on his mission. Because of this, he decided to tag along as well. He tried to convince William to take him, but the Half-Elf refused firmly.

The excuse William gave Spencer was that the Inter-Division Battle was just around the corner and he had to train his subordinates properly in order to have a chance of winning. Naturally, Spencer didn't buy his b*llsh*t, but he was powerless against the Commander of a Knight Order, so he grudgingly took a step back while cursing William inside his heart.

On the second day after they left the academy, the group finally saw the famous mountains of the Northern Regions in the distance.

"I can't even see the peak of the mountain," Wendy muttered as she gazed at the towering mountain in the distance.

White Clouds shrouded the peak of the Kyrintor Mountains and only the middle-part of it could be seen.

They were currently camping ten miles away from the base of the mountain and having their breakfast. All of them were wearing winter clothes, because the temperature was very cold.  

William passed Wendy a cup of coffee before drinking his own. It was the biggest mountain that he had seen in both of his lifetimes. Although he didn't have the opportunity to see Mount Everest, the highest mountain on Earth, he had seen pictures of it in magazines and watched documentaries about it on television.  

For some reason, William felt that the Kyrintor Mountains' height surpassed it by a good margin. As to how high that margin was, he couldn't really tell at this point in time.

"Take a good look at it, ladies and gentleman," Sir Jerkins said as he made a gesture towards the mountain. "This is the last frontier of the Southern Continent, and hailed as the 'Unconquerable Lands of the North', the Kyrintor Mountains."

The members of William's group had been briefed about the contents of their mission during their journey. Of course, the part about the war was not said in order to prevent any leakage in information. William only told them that the Hellan Kingdom had finally decided to form an official alliance with the Northern Tribe and their duty was to ensure that the proposed alliance would come into fruition.

"What are our chances of success, Sir Jerkins?" Amelia asked. "I've heard from my father that the Northern Tribes don't like to deal with the people in the kingdom.  

Amelia's father and the Ambassador were good friends. Sir Jerkins would often come to visit them whenever he had time, so Amelia treated him as if he were her own uncle. Of course, she still called him Sir to show her respect for his position in the kingdom.

Sir Jerkins' gaze softened as he looked at the young lady whom he treated like his own niece. He then smiled and spoke his honest take on the matter.

"Our chances of success are less than 10%," Jerkins admitted. "This is why we should do our best this time around. I just pray that we came at a good time and that the chieftain is in a good mood."

An hour later, they cleared their camp and resumed their journey. Their destination, the town of Northwell at the base of the mountain. It was one of the three towns that the tribes used to trade with the Hellan Kingdom.

According to their agreement, teleport gates were not allowed to be erected in any town near the base of the Kyrintor Mountains. This was to prevent any attempt at invasion from the Hellan Kingdom.

When the two Gryphons landed near the gates of the town, the guard captain blew a horn to alert the Mayor of their arrival. Sir Jerkins smiled wryly when he heard the horn because he was familiar with the sound it made.

The tribes used different horns to pass their messages and the horn that the Guard Captain used was the horn to announce that "Pesky Guests" had arrived in their domain.

"Well, at least they didn't sound the horn of battle," Sir Jerkins shook his head helplessly as he ordered the Gryphon Rider to stand his ground. He didn't want the first "Lookout" of the tribes to have a bad impression of them.  

Because if they somehow annoyed this particular Mayor, forget about going to see the chieftain. They would immediately be barred from climbing the mountain.

A sturdy man, who looked like a Barbarian bred for war, walked out of the town's gate with a group of people behind his back.  

His name was Cadell Gunnar, the mayor of Northwell. He held the title "The First Guardian" because he was responsible for protecting the main town at the base of the mountain.  

"Sir Jerkins, you're back again?" Cadell snorted. His tone was laced with displeasure towards this bearded Ambassador who always had a smile on his face.

Sir Jerkins gave Cadell his trademark gentleman smile and nodded his head. "It's been two years since my last visit. I hope you've aged well during that time, Lord Cadell."

William and the rest of his order also disembarked from their carriage and stood behind Sir Jerkins. The red-headed boy wanted to know more about the Mayor, and decided to let the ambassador do all the talking.  

Cadell scoffed and scanned the people that had arrived in his domain. He then gave Sir Jerkins an annoyed gaze and asked him the most important question.

"Why are you here?" Cadell asked. He was a busy person and was preparing to meet with the Great Chieftain because of the ceremony that was about to take place.  

"I came to meet with the Great Chief to pass along the message of our King," Jerkins replied. "My King also asked me to personally deliver gifts to his Excellency and wish him well."

"Hoh? Gifts you say?" Cadell sneered. "So, are those kids the gifts you are talking about? Well, they're not half bad."

Sir Jerkins chuckled and waved his hand. "Lord Cadell, please, don't tease the children. They are here to assist me in my mission to see your Great Chieftain."

Cadell clicked his tongue, but still nodded his head. He then signalled for his men to open the gates and allow their entry.

Although they did their best to not show it on their faces, William and the rest were very curious to see what the towns in the Northern Tribes were like. They wanted to know how these indigenous people lived, and the secret of how they had retained their autonomy for hundreds of years.


Chapter 235

As soon as they entered the gates, several pairs of eyes turned in their direction. Some were curious, others surprised, while some held contempt.  

It was quite easy to tell who was friendly and who was not. Those who were not openly glaring at William's group were the friendly ones among the Northerners.  

Even Lord Cadell, the Mayor of Northwell, had shown his dislike openly and didn't even bother to hide it. The tribes were proud people. For them, being straightforward was their way of life. They hate schemes, and would rather resort to a fight than be forced to pull some dirty tricks.

The tribes of the North all had pale skin and their bodies were quite sturdy. Even the women had lean and toned bodies that boasted enough strength to make the usual thugs think twice before making a pass on them.

They were wearing clothes made from the furs and hides of the Beasts that could be seen within their domain. Wolf, Mammoths, Bears, and other fierce beasts that the warriors of the tribe encountered on a daily basis.  

Wendy and Amelia stood out from the group because both of them were beauties. The teenage boys who were of marriageable age whistled at them to show their appreciation.  

The two girls were not used to this kind of treatment because both of them were nobles. They had been protected by their families from any form of vulgarity that they were finding it hard to keep the calm expressions on their faces.

Brutus and Bruno flanked Amelia on both sides, while William held Wendy's waist and pulled her closer to him. This was their way to tell the Northerners that these two ladies were hands off, but the young men of the tribes didn't seem to get their message.

Aside from the town wall, there were very few solid structures in the town of Northwell. The majority of the residents here lived inside tents made from Mammoth hide.  

It was not only Wendy and Amelia whom the residents were paying attention to. They were quite surprised to see a fluffy Angorian Goat, with a coat as white as snow, walking beside William.  

Here in the North, only warriors were allowed to rear goats. With a glance, the people could tell that the goat was well taken care of, which raised their impressions of the red-headed boy standing beside it.  

After arriving at the Mayor's Residence, Cadell took them to the living room where it was warm due to a fireplace that was burning brightly.

Sir Jerkins' guards were not allowed to enter the residence. Because of this, they had no choice but to watch over their carriages that were parked outside the Mayor's house. The Ambassador didn't say anything because he already knew Cadell's temperament.

The Town's Mayor sat on a big comfortable chair beside the fireplace, while William's group sat on the sitting mats that were provided for them.

After everyone was seated, the talks finally began.  

"You said you came here to talk to the Great Chieftain, right?" Cadell asked. "Are you planning to form an alliance with us so we can become your cannon fodders to fight your enemies?"

Sir Jerkins smiled when he heard Cadell's inquiry. His face showed a calmness that befited his position as a Foreign Ambassador. However, deep inside, he was shocked that Cadell had known the purpose of their visit.  

This was a highly confidential matter and the people that knew about this mission were only a handful of people.  

Sir Jerkins was sure that none of these people would betray the kingdom, so there was only one possibility.

'They managed to get here first,' Jerkins thought. 'We may be a step too late.'

It only took the foreign ambassador a brief moment to organize his thoughts due to the many years of experience in handling political negotiation with foreign factions.  

"Cannon fodders? Nonsense," Jerkins firmly shook his head in a righteous manner. "The Hellan Kingdom and the Northern Tribes have kept a good relationship for over hundreds of years. We have already had a few exchanges in the past to promote the strong bonds between our people.  

"Two years ago, your Great Chieftain even said that he would seriously consider forming an alliance with the Kingdom. You were there when the Great Chief and I talked, remember?"

Cadell snorted, but didn't argue with his guest. Just like the Ambassador said, he had been there when the Great Chief was on the verge of accepting the proposal for an Alliance. There were even talks about marriage between the Hellan Royal family and the Chieftain's family.  

However, there was one problem, Noah didn't have a daughter. The Great Chief requested that a princess marry one of his sons in order to finalize the alliance. This was the way of the North, and the tribes recognized these kinds of exchanges.

Even though Noah wasn't able to fulfill that specific request, he decided to do the next best thing and played matchmaker for the Great Chief's granddaughter and his youngest son, Prince Ernest.

The Great Chief considered the matter, but he said that he needed more time to think about it. After all, he loved his granddaughter so much and the thought of her leaving the North to live with the Prince in the Hellan Capital made him sad.

The Great Chief's granddaughter had just had her birthday this year and was now eleven years old. She was a year older than Ernest and some said that, even though she was still young, her beauty was starting to show. The Elders of each tribe were even in the process of selecting their most promising youth to become the chieftain's next son-in-law.

Cadell was even thinking of sending his youngest son, who was only nine-years-old this year, to become one of the groom candidates for the Great Chief's granddaughter. That was how fierce the competition was and everyone was hell bent on taking the initiative to win her good graces.

"The Tribes will have a gathering five days from now," Cadell announced. "The second eldest son of the Chief is looking for a bride. Because of this, the tribes will have a gathering at the Third Peak of Chivalry. I will be departing tomorrow, so you can come with me, but flying carriages are not allowed."

Cadell had a gloating look on his face as he scanned the faces that were looking at him. "We also don't have any available mounts for any of you to use. If you like, you can walk your way up the peak. However, by then, the gathering will already be over."

Jerkins frowned. The only means of transport used in the North were the War Ibexes, Mammoths, Sledge Dogs, and Llamas. They didn't allow any flying creatures to fly towards the peaks. Those who dared to do so would be shot down immediately.  

The only exception to this rule were the warriors of the tribe that had gained permission from the Oracle that lived on the First Peak of Divinity.

"Can't you spare us a few mounts? I brought gifts from the capital. I'm sure that the Great Chief will love them," Jerkins negotiated. "These gifts would also be a good present for the Second Warrior of the tribe."

(A/N: The eldest son of the Great Chief is called First Warrior. The second son is called Second Warrior, so on, and so forth.)

Cadell frowned, but what Jerkins said was reasonable. However, he wouldn't allow all of them to climb the Third Peak with him, so he intentionally made things difficult for the Ambassador and his entourage.

"I will provide only one Llama for your group," Cadell said as he looked at Jerkins. "And you will be the only one riding it. As for the rest? They can walk."

Cadell was firm in his decision, and was even laughing internally. He really didn't like the representatives from the Hellan Kingdom and looked down on their attempts to form an alliance with their tribe.  

'I'm looking forward to seeing the expression on Jerkin's face once he realizes that he's not the only "special guest" that will be attending our Tribe Gathering,' Cadell sneered internally.

The Mayor of Northwell felt that this was the perfect opportunity for the Northern Tribes to head South. Not to form an alliance, but to expand their domain and conquer the rich and fertile lands of the Hellan Kingdom.


Chapter 236

William and the others returned to their carriages because they didn't want to experience Cadell's hospitality. Only Jerkins remained inside the Mayor's Residence because there were still a few things he had to consult with Cadell about in regards to the Tribe Gathering that would be happening a few days from now.

Inside the carriage of the Angorian War Sovereign, William was having a meeting with his members and discussing their next course of action.

"Wendy, Amelia, I am going to give the two of you an important mission," William said with a serious expression. "From now on, until we return to the Hellan Kingdom, the two of you will be my fiances."

"Okay."  

"Huh?!"

Wendy easily agreed to William's request because she trusted him completely. As for Amelia, William's order was too sudden and too ridiculous which made her unable to give a proper reply.

William smiled at Wendy before looking at the bewildered Amelia who was looking at him in an anxious manner.

"Listen, we are going to a gathering where the second son of the Great Chief will be choosing his brides," William explained. "Do you know? 99% of the time, the Antagonist will always flirt with the Female Leads because they are beautiful or they fall in love at first sight upon seeing them?"

"Eh, I still don't understand? What does that have to do with me becoming the Commander's Fiance?" Amelia asked back.

"The reason is simple. If we are going to follow the standard script of light novels, Wendy and you will become the prime bride candidates of the second son of the Great Chief if the script has to be followed," William answered. "I am very sure of it. Then, I will have no choice but to fight with him in a duel in order to prevent the two of you from becoming his lovers."

Amelia blinked her eyes once then twice before reluctantly nodding her head. Although she still didn't fully understand William's words, she couldn't deny the possibility of being targeted by the Second Son of the Great Tribal Chief of the Northern Tribes.

Ian was frowning, but didn't interject his thoughts into the conversation. He also understood William's logic and it would give the two girls added protection if they were to go and meet the ruler of the Kyrintor Mountains.

"I understand," Amelia replied weakly. "But, I'm not very good at acting."

"It's fine. All you need to do is…," William gently held Wendy's shoulder and pulled him closer to him. "Stick to me whenever there is an opportunity. Like this."

As if helping William show the right way of showing affection, Wendy hugged William's body and rested her head on his chest. Her eyes were closed and there was a sweet smile on her face. Clearly, she wasn't acting. She was really showing her affection to William, which made Amelia blush in embarrassment.

"I know that this is going to be hard." William understood Amelia's hesitation because it was only natural for her to act this way. "But, if you are given a choice between becoming my fake lover, or becoming the bride of the Chief's son, what would you choose?"

This was a no-brainer question for Amelia. She'd rather become William's fake lover than be forced to marry someone she hadn't even met. They were in the Northern Regions and not in the Hellan Kingdom.  

They were in enemy territory and if the tribes were hell bent to keep them there, it would be very hard for them to escape their grasp.

"I-I understand." Amelia sighed. "I will do my best to act as the Commander's fiance. Please, forgive me if I'm no good."

"It should be me who should be asking for your forgiveness." William bowed his head in apology. "I'm sorry, Amelia."

"Raise your head, Commander. This is a mission. I will do my part as a member of the Angorian War Sovereign."

"Thank you."

After Amelia accepted William's suggestion, the Half-Elf discussed possible scenarios that might happen.  

"It is almost a guarantee that a duel cannot be avoided," William said. "When this happens, I want all of you to remain calm and not move from your positions. I will handle everything. As for you, Dave, you will leave Northwell after we start our climb to the peak. Return to the place where we camped earlier and wait for my signal. You remember how it should feel, right?"

Dave nodded his head. As one of William's "True Knights" William would be able to summon him once a day, just like how he could summon the members of his herd anytime.

When they were still in Lont, William secretly tried using this ability to summon Dave and Conrad. After their initial surprise, the three found the Knight Summoning a very sound strategy in storming the enemy's base once William had made a successful infiltration.

This was another one of his Trump Cards and the reason why he left Conrad at the academy. The Half-Elf was confident that he would be able to summon his Dragon Knight as long as they were both in the Southern Continent.

-----

"You said you wanted to see me," a man wearing a gray robe greeted Lionel while the Prince was having some tea inside the Sky Pavilion.  

The Sky Pavilion was actually a High-Class Brothel that was reserved only for the nobility of the Hellan Kingdom. Although this was a brothel, this was not a place for prostitution. The ladies that worked here only used their charms and skills to entertain their guests.

Singing, dancing, playing musical instruments, and other literary arts were the foundation of the Sky Pavilion.  Harassing and molesting the ladies of this establishment was strictly prohibited. Any offenders would immediately be thrown into the jails of the Hellan Kingdom. Some of them would never see the light of day again.

Lionel raised his head and made a gesture for his guest to sit down in front of him. The man wearing the robe nodded his head and sat according to the Prince's wishes.  

A pretty lady that served as the Prince's personal maid, poured the newcomer a cup of tea before leaving the room.  

As soon as the door closed, Lionel took a scroll from his pocket and placed it on top of the table.

The man wearing gray robes picked it up and began to read its contents. He read silently for two minutes before returning the scroll on top of the table.

"If the two of us are going to work together then, it is only fair for our side to show you our sincerity," the man said in a business-like tone. "The first answer to your question is Yes."

Lionel sighed internally because his suspicion was confirmed. The first question written in the letter was whether the secret organization had already found the Hidden Domain.  

"The answer to your second question is another yes." The man continued. "We are willing to give you a quarter of the gains we can get from you know what."

Lionel nodded his head. His second question was whether the organization was willing to give the Prince a slice of the riches that would be found inside the Domain of the First King of the Hellan Kingdom.

Even though it was only a quarter, that was already a good bargain for him.

"The answer to your third question will depend on your ability." The man chuckled. "We have no need for useless people. There are plenty of candidates to choose from. Remember that, okay?"

Lionel's third question was if they were really going to support him in becoming the Emperor of the Southern Continent. Depending on his performance, they could discard him anytime if he didn't meet their expectations.

"As for your last question…," the man rubbed his chin. "Although it will require a lot of effort on our part. We can do it."

The man paused and clapped his hands as if remembering something.

"A month from now, the Hellan Royal Academy is going to have an Inter-Division Battle between all the Year Grades, right?" The man inquired. "I think we can have the princess visit during that time to promote the good relationship between the two kingdoms. I think that there will be nothing wrong with that arrangement."

Lionel clenched his fist as he kept the calm expression on his face. Deep inside, he was feeling excited.  

At the end of the scroll had been his biggest request. Lionel asked the organization to show him their sincerity by bringing the Third Princess of the Kingdom of Freesia to the Hellan Kingdom.  

Lionel promised that he would work with them if they were able to accomplish this task, and the man in front of him promised that he would comply with his request to have the Princess visit their kingdom.  

'Finally, I will be able to see her again,' Lionel thought happily. 'Sidonie, after many years, I will once again gaze upon your beauty.'

The man wearing the gray robe eyed the Prince with a friendly smile. He answered all of the questions truthfully because he really had no interest in ruling the Southern Continent. What he planned to achieve was a greater calling.

Something that mere mortals couldn't possibly comprehend. He would gladly hand the Southern Continent to Lionel on a silver platter if the Prince could acquire the key for him.  

The key that opened the domain that held the secret to Immortality.


Chapter 237

Cadell led the way up the mountain while riding on an Angorian War Ibex. He turned his head to look at the stragglers who were walking behind their group and sneered in his heart.  

He thought that William and the others would beg him to give them some mounts to help climb the mountain, but they didn't do it. Instead, they just walked as if they were tourists doing some sight-seeing.  

"We are increasing the pace," Cadell announced. He then urged his partner to run and the rest of his retainers followed behind him.

Jerkins turned to look at William, and the latter only nodded his head. They had already talked about this. If Cadell decided to leave them behind, Jerkins was to follow him closely.

William assured the Ambassador that they would be fine. He insisted that Jerkins should just focus on keeping up with Cadell's group, instead of worrying about them.

With a wave of his hand, Jerkins urged his mount to run after the War Ibexes in the distance.  

"They're already gone," Brutus commented. "Are you sure we're going to be fine, Commander?"

William smiled and nodded his head. 'Gate Open.'

Suddenly, Six War Ibexes appeared behind William. The Half-Elf hugged all of them and patted their heads affectionately.

"Let me introduce you to my friends that will help us reach the Third Peak of the Kyrintor Mountains," William said. "This is Chronos, Aslan, Baldur, Echo, Keith, and Jed. Don't worry, they are very friendly. As long as you don't do anything to hurt them, they will not do anything to any of you."

Ironically, the War Ibexes were wearing custom made saddles that allowed everyone to mount them easily.  

William helped Wendy mount Ella's back because the two of them would be riding together. After making sure that the beauty in front of him was properly seated, he glanced at his subordinates to check if they were having any problems.

Fortunately, all of William's members had plenty of practice riding different beasts, so they easily adapted to their new traveling partners.

"Let's go," William ordered and Ella led the sprint up the mountain.

The other goats ran behind their leader in a uniformed manner without having their riders order them on what to do.  

Five minutes later, Cadell's party appeared in their vision. The Mayor of Northwell heard hoofbeats coming from behind their entourage and turned his head to look.  

He almost fell from his mount when he saw William's group catching up to them. What shocked him the most was that all of them were riding Angorian War Ibexes!  

The War Ibexes held a special status among the Northern Tribes and only warriors were allowed to ride them.  

Even in Cadell's own entourage, only three people had War Ibexes and the rest were riding Llamas. This just proved how hard it was to have a War Ibex as a mount within the Northern Regions of Kyrintor.

William maintained a gap of fifty meters between his group and Cadell's. He knew that if he got closer to Cadell's group, the latter would question him about how he got the War Ibexes.  

What William didn't know was that each War Ibex in the Northern Region had a special rune stamped on them that proved that they belonged to the Northern Tribes.  

Of course, these runes were not present on the goats in William's herd because they were not raised in the Kyrintor Mountains. This meant that they didn't belong to the Tribe and the latter couldn't force William to surrender these goats to them.

Although he still had doubts in his mind, Cadell didn't stop his mount from climbing the mountain. He could ask his questions later. What mattered right now was to get to the Third Peak as soon as he could.

The travel towards the peak usually took two days from the base of the Mountain. Only the beasts raised by the Northern Tribe would be able to climb without being attacked by wild beasts because of the runes embedded on their body. These runes signified that they belonged to the Divine Oracle, and no beasts that resided within the mountain were allowed to attack them.

When the sun was about to set, Cadell called for a halt and his group started to set up camp.  

William didn't join Cadell's camp, but set up his own. Although there was no snow in their location, the temperature was very cold. Fortunately, they had prepared adequately for their mission, and there was no danger of suffering from frostbite.

Just as William expected, Cadell wasn't able to resist his curiosity and walked towards their camp. He looked at the War Ibexes that were resting on the ground with a fierce gaze. It was as if he was looking at a woman who had the beauty to bring down nations.

As an veteran warrior, he was also an expert when it came to appraising beasts. With a glance, he could tell that the War Ibexes were of the highest grade. These kinds of goats could only be ridden by the elite warriors of the Great Chieftain, who went by the name "Garm".  

They were the Elite Defenders of the Kyrintor Mountains that prevented the Kings of the Hellan Kingdom from conquering their domain.  

"Boy, where did you get these goats?" Cadell asked without even looking at William. He was so focused on admiring the goats that he found it beneath him to even glance at the Half-Elf, whom he treated as one of Jerkin's attendants.

William ignored him and started to throw some vegetables into the pot in front of him. He was planning to make some vegetable soup that would warm them up for their long night in the mountains.

Cadell frowned because he didn't hear William's reply. He then finally turned his head to look at the boy who was busy stoking the campfire to cook their dinner.

"Boy, didn't you hear what I said?" Cadell asked. This time, he made sure to increase the volume of his voice.

"Oh, them?" William scratched his head. "I saw them wandering around at the base of the mountain. Maybe they got so attracted to my handsome face that they decided to help us climb the mountains. Isn't that right?"

William faced the goats as he asked them this question.

""Meeeeeeh!""

"See?" William smiled as he looked back at Cadell. "It's not my fault I was born handsome."

Cadell's lips twitched as he did his best to stop himself from slapping the boy silly. There was no way that these goats would follow someone just because they were handsome. He had never heard such a b*llsh*t excuse in his entire life!

"Boy, I asked you a serious question." Cadell glared. "Don't forget that, without my approval, you and your group would be barred from entering the Third Peak."

"And who told you that I needed your approval?" William asked back. The system had already informed him of the rules of the Kyrintor Mountains. No one was allowed to attack anyone that was being accompanied by an Angorian War Ibex.  

Doing so was tantamount to attacking the dignity of their Guardian Deity. No Tribe would dare to commit such a nefarious act, not even Cadell who had just remembered this age-old-rule.  

In the Kyrintor Mountains, there was a Myriad Beast that was close to becoming a Demi-God. They said that the Myriad Beast was a Celestial Goat that could see everything that happens inside its domain.

For as long as the tribes of the North followed its rule, its protection would remain intact. This was the reason why none of the former Kings of the Hellan Kingdom were able to invade the Northern Region.

When they found out what kind of being lived in this domain, they decided to scrap their plans of expansion. Only stupid people would dare to poke a hornet's nest and face the wrath of a Pseudo-Demigod.

"Go back to your camp," William ordered. "You have no power here."

William closed the lid of the pot as he waited for it to boil. He didn't say anything when he was still in the town of Northwell because the system was busy collecting data at that time. One of its functions was to unearth the recorded history of a location. The only condition was that William had to be in that location as well.

When the System discovered this rule, it immediately informed William which allowed the Half-Elf to use it to its advantage.

'Fool. The moment I learned this rule was the moment you lost your authority over me,' William sneered. 'Still, this is a very convenient loophole. System, do you think I could tame that Pseudo-Demigod? Maybe I can bribe it to join my herd. Should I attempt to tame it?'

The system wanted to say no, but then it remembered the goat that was currently resting beside William. If something like THAT was willing to follow William then taming a Pseudo-Demigod was nothing!  

Of course, the system couldn't say that out loud, so it decided to compromise.

< ...There's a very, very, very, small probability that you can tame it, Host. >

William sighed and remembered the Titanic Green-Scaled Trollhound that he failed to tame last time. If he wasn't able to add a Class S Beast to his herd then he shouldn't even think about adding a Myriad Beast that was a step away from the Calamity Class.  

That would just be kicking an iron plate without boots on and it might even cause the Northern Tribes to hunt him to the ends of the world.  

While William was pondering about these things, Cadell returned to his camp with a grim expression on his face. He had a feeling that he had unintentionally brought a troublemaker into their territory.

The Mayor of Northwell glanced at William who was brushing Ella's head. In his eyes, William was a wolf in sheep's clothing. A wolf that had snuck inside the goat pen, and the boy had been bold enough to do it right under his nose!


Chapter 238

An hour before daybreak, Cadell and his group started their climb up the mountain. Jerkins went with them because it was what William and he had agreed upon beforehand. As the Ambassador of the Hellan Kingdom, it would be best for him to travel with Cadell to prevent any mishaps along the way.

William, on the other hand, was not in a hurry to follow them. They were now at the middle of the mountain, and would take at least one more day to reach the peak. The system did an in-depth scan of the mountain and found something interesting.

It was none other than an undiscovered crystal mine. However, it was not any ordinary crystal mine, but a mine where one could excavate Magic Crystals!  

Magicians used these crystals to increase their magic powers, which allowed them to break through to the upper circles. For example, First Circle Magicians would easily be able to advance to the Second Circle if they got their hands on a High-Grade Magic Crystal.  

It was similar to the Beast Cores that William used to upgrade his "Disciple of Thunder" Job Class. It was quite unfortunate that William wouldn't be able to use his magic powers at this point in time. However, that didn't mean that he couldn't upgrade all of his Mage Classes to their Max Levels!

William couldn't wipe away the smile on his face when the system informed him that there were enough High-Grade Magic Crystals to upgrade his Prince of Thunder, Ice Wizard, Fire Mage, Water Mage, Wind Mage to their max levels!

The system even proposed to take the entire mine and put it inside his domain. William readily agreed to this plan because having a Magic Crystal Mine inside his domain would increase the magic density in the air and would give benefits to the residents inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

Half an hour later, William woke Wendy up and the two of them huddled together on an elevated spot in the mountain to look at the East. it was still dark, and cold, but their intertwined hands under the blanket, kept both of them warm.

The others also started to stir, and joined the two as they waited for their first ever sunrise in the Kyrintor Mountains. While they were waiting, Kenneth sat beside William and spoke his thoughts out loud.

"I have a feeling that Cadell will make things difficult for us later on," Kenneth said. "There should be various checkpoints up the mountain, and I'm sure that he has already alerted all of them. I'm afraid that we will be barred entry when we arrive at their outposts."

William nodded in agreement. "Don't worry. I have already anticipated that this would happen. Just leave it to me."

Kenneth smiled because William's voice was filled with confidence. Because of this, all the worries in his mind disappeared completely.  

When the sun finally poked its head up in the East, the world was slowly filled with light.  

Wendy sighed as she rested her head on William's shoulder. This was not the first time she had seen the sunrise, however, this time was special. She was together with the person she liked and this made the experience extra special.

After admiring the sunrise for a few minutes, the group had breakfast and resumed their climb.

An hour later, William asked them to stop and led them on a detour around the mountain. After another hour of riding, they arrived at the entrance of a small cave.  

William ordered everyone to dismount, and he led the way inside the cave using a lamp that was powered by Low-Grade Magic Crystals.

"Commander, where are we?" Amelia asked as they headed deeper to the caves. "Aren't we supposed to climb the Third Peak?"

"I also don't know where we are," William replied. "However, one of the locals told me that there was a cave located in this area, and he said that there were Ice Lotuses that could be found here from time to time."

"Really?!" Amelia's eyes widened in shock.  

"Mmm." William hummed as he continued to guide them deeper within the cave.

Ice Lotuses were very rare herbs that most Alchemists would buy for exuberant prices. They said that when you used it to make a special cream, your skin would remain youthful and would not wrinkle for twenty years.

It was also used to craft special medicines that gave a strong immunity to cold poison, frostbite, and any diseases that were caused by the cold. It was also a very potent herb that could be digested raw by those who specialize in Ice Magic in order to drastically boost the effectiveness of their Ice Magic for a short period of time.

It was another unexpected discovery by the system and a perfect excuse for the group to take a detour from their intended destination.

-----

"Wow! So many Ice Lotuses!" Amelia exclaimed. "Commander! Are all of these real?"

"Of course they're real," William smirked. "Why would we waste our time coming here if they were not?"

Over a hundred Ice Lotuses floated on what seemed to be an icy lake within the cavern. According to Amelia's estimate, all of them combined would easily gain them around thirty million gold coins if they were to sell them in an auction house.

That was more than enough money to arm the members of the Angorian War Sovereign to the teeth.  

"All of you are to stay here to gather the Ice Lotuses," William ordered. "Remember, do it carefully or the Lotuses will wilt and lose their value. I will scout around this area and will be back in an hour."  

William then patted Kenneth's shoulder as he whispered something in his ears, "I'll leave them in your care. Watch over them for me and make sure they don't get into trouble. I'll be back in a few hours."

Kenneth reluctantly nodded his head. To be honest, he wanted to go with William, but since the latter had given him an order, he had no choice but to obey. He didn't want to break William's trust in him, so he could only endure and help the others gather the Ice Lotuses in the lake.

William left the group and told them to wait for him until his return. He also asked Ella to guard the path leading to the Magic Crystal Mine and to prevent anyone from secretly following him.  

----

An hour after William left his comrades at the Ice Lotus Lake, he arrived at a dead end.  

< We're here, Host. The Magic Crystal Mine is right behind this thick wall of Ice. >

'Understood,' William replied as he took out Stormcaller from his storage ring.  

He took a fighting stance as he focused his aura into his weapon to strengthen it. According to the system, the wall of ice was over ten meters thick. This was why the natives of the Kyrintor Mountains were not able to discover that there was a treasure trove within the mountain.

The Ice was able to keep the power of the Magic Crystals from leaking which allowed William to take it all for himself.

"Lightning God War Art, Seventh Form," William muttered as Stormcaller's lightning bolts congregated on its tip. He was planning to pierce through the Wall of Ice that had been protecting the Magic Crystal Mine for thousands of years.  

"Pierce through the void, Longinus!"


Chapter 239

With a thrust of his spear the wall of ice in front of him was obliterated, creating a tunnel. The Seventh Form, Longinus, was an ability that could pierce through almost anything. It could even destroy magic barriers if William could empower it with enough magic or aura.  

Without a doubt, it was one of the aces up William's sleeve.  

The Half-Elf returned Stormcaller inside his storage ring and proceeded to check the mine that the system had discovered while scanning the mountains.

The Half-Elf's eyes widened when he found himself surrounded by thousands of glittering Magic Crystals. It was not a Magic Crystal Mine, but a Magic Crystal Cavern!

The very air was radiating with magic power, and William immediately noticed an unbelievable phenomenon in his status page.

< Gained Exp: 1,000 >

< Gained Exp: 1,000 >

< Gained Exp: 1,000 >

< Gained Exp: 1,000 >

< Gained Exp: 1,000 >

< Gained Exp: 1,000 >

"Oh, my, Goddess!" William exclaimed.  

Just being bathed by the concentrated magic in the air was enough for him to gain experience points!

The system had already switched his Job Class to his Ice Wizard Job Class and the experience points quickly filled up his Experience Bar.

< Host, we need to move the Magic Crystals inside the Thousand Beast Domain ASAP. The magic is starting to leak and it might cause a Phenomenon in the sky above our location. It would be bad if the natives were to notice. >

'How do we transfer it?' William asked.  

< We will need to use the power of the three Divinities in order to "distort" the surroundings and allow us to safely transfer the entirety of the mine inside the Thousand Beast Domain. I will also need to use 1,000 God Points to buy the auxiliary consumables that will make the transfer less problematic. >

< God Points: 5,980 >

< Deducting God Points to buy consumables. >

< God Points: 4,980 >

William sat on the ground and called out to the Three Divinities inside his Sea of Consciousness. The King Chess Piece, the CPU Core, and the Lollipop glowed at the same time and pooled their power to distort the world around William creating a minor "God Domain".

The System carefully engulfed the entire Magic Crystal Cavern inside the God Domain. It made sure that not even a single piece of Magic Crystal was left out. When everything was ready, it immediately transferred the mine into the Thousand Beast Domain.  

It had already prepared a place for it and the mine was successfully relocated behind Willliam's personal Villa within the Thousand Beast Domain.  

When William opened his eyes, he almost didn't recognize his surroundings. The entire cavern had been gouged out of the mountain leaving behind a wide crater.

It was also at this moment when William saw a two-meter-tall block of ice that was emitting mists in the distance.  

'Is this also a magic crystal?' William asked the system.

< Please, don't approach it, host. Let me scan it first >

< Initiating Comprehensive Scan. >

< Scan successful completed! >

William waited patiently. He was really curious what this big block of ice was and what it was doing inside the Magic Crystal Cavern that he had transported inside his domain.  

< Host, the block of ice that you see is a magical block of ice that is being maintained through the use of the power of the Magic Crystals inside this cavern. If my calculation is correct, this block of ice is thousands of years old. >

'A block of ice that is thousands of years old? I'm sure that those who do ice sculptures would love to have it in their collection.'

< Surprisingly, I found a beast trapped inside it and after matching my scan against the database, I found out its name and origins. >

'A beast trapped in the ice?' William's eyes widened in surprise. After the initial shock ended, it was replaced by pity. For a beast to be trapped inside a block of ice for thousands of years was a very tragic thing.

William cautiously approached the frozen beast and observed it carefully. The ice prison was not that thick, but all he could see was a blurred image of a beast that seemed to be only a foot tall and half a meter long.

The rainbow colored scales on its back illuminated the block of ice which made it very attractive to look at. The creature's claws were curled up into its feet, and its head was raised in an arrogant manner. William assumed that it was taking a fighting pose before it got frozen in ice.  

'System, my appraisal skill can't pass through the block of ice. Can you tell me the details of this beast?'

< Certainly. I will post the details on the host's Status Page. >

William opened his status page and checked the information that was passed to him by the system.

-----

< Kasogonaga >

-- Deity of the Sky  

-- Demigod

-- Threat Level: C (Low)

-- Cannot be added to the herd

-- When the world was still young, and monsters rampaged the land. The Kasogonaga was one of the few Demigods who favored humans.

-- It has the power to call out rain, which helped them grow their crops and ensured that their lands remained fertile.

-- It was said that the rainbow-colored scales that cover its body had given birth to the rainbows that could be seen after a rain.  

-- This is a gentle beast by nature and dislikes conflict. However, whenever it is threatened, it will curl up its body and start to roll.

-- Alongside rain, thunder, and lightning, the small Demi-God would charge at its enemies and was given the nickname "Rolling Calamity" by the God's of that Era.

-- This creature is the bane of all Ant Type Beasts.

-- It has no known weakness.

-----

'Hyeok!' William almost choked on his spit.

'Are you sure this is a Demigod?!'

< I'm 100% certain, host. >

William didn't know what to feel after reading the information about the Deity of the Sky. Initially, he thought that all Demigods were Calamity Class Beasts. However, the Kasogonaga that they had discovered was only Class C and currently trapped inside the block of ice, frozen in time.


Chapter 240

'Did its power degrade after being frozen in Ice?' William inquired. He then looked at the rainbow-colored creature that had been confined inside the block of ice for thousands of years.  

< It is highly possible. According to the simulations that I made, it would take at least, tens of thousands of years before a Demigod would degrade to this level.>

'The poor thing,' William thought. The Half-Elf had a good impression of the Kasogonaga because it was a Demigod that aided humanity during their time of need. He thought of Spire back in the enchanted forest.

The Guardian of the Herd was a Pacifist and disliked conflicts. However, it would not take a step back if someone threatened the safety of its herd. William had a feeling that the Kasogonaga was similar to Spire, and decided to set the creature free on behalf of the humans that it had saved in the past.

'Just what kind of being could freeze a Demigod?' William asked the system.

< Host, only a Demigod can fight a Demigod. Maybe the Kasogonaga was defeated in a fight against Demigods and was imprisoned in this block of ice. According to my hypothesis, the Magic Crystal Mine was used to keep the seal in place. Now that it's gone, it is only a matter of time before the Demigod will break free. >

William scratched his head, "Should we break it ourselves, or wait until the seal is completely broken?"

Before the system could even give an answer, a cracking sound reverberated in the cavern.  

William took a defensive stance as several cracks appeared on the surface of the ice prison in front of him.

Soon, the block of ice shattered into a hundred pieces, creating a misty cloud of ice.  

William's breath grew ragged as the temperature around him drastically lowered. A minute later, the mist disappeared and a creature that was considered a myth stared at him with bloodshot eyes.

Before William could even say anything, the Kasogonaga raised its head and shouted…

"I'm Rolling!"

The small Anteater then curled its body into a ball and flew in William's direction. Clearly, it was pissed off, and the Half-Elf just happened to be there to become a medium for it to vent out its anger.

-----

William dodged to the side and evaded the "rainbow-colored-scaled-ball" that was only slightly bigger than a basketball. The Kasogonaga hit the wall of the cavern, but it simply bounced off and resumed its pursuit of William.  

"Wait! Why are you attacking me?" William asked in frustration as he rolled to the side to evade the crazy Deity of the Sky.  

"You long-eared bastards! How dare you and that stupid, big-boobed, Elf Goddess imprison me?!" The enraged Anteater shouted as it continued to attack William. "Bunch of ingrates! Humans are much better than you long-eared hypocrites! Even if the other Demigods forgive you, I won't forgive you!"

As if answering to its anger, its speed gradually increased with each bounce it made on the walls of the cavern. At the start, William could still evade it, but the drastic increase in its speed made the Half-Elf resort to desperate measures.

'System!'

< Spearman Job Class now activated! >

William summoned his wooden staff and used it like a baseball bat to hit the rolling anteater that was not planning to listen to reason.

When the staff hit the beast, a loud clap reverberated in the cavern creating a mini-shockwave.  

William skidded on the ground as he prepared to hit the Kasogonaga for the second time. Just like a never ending tennis match, the two fought in a ridiculous manner. However, it seemed that the Kasogonaga realized that it was not strong enough to beat William in its current state.

Although its power had degenerated due to being imprisoned for tens of thousands of years, it was still a Deity and had plenty of tricks up its sleeve.

William was about to hit it again with his wooden staff when he immediately rolled to the side to make an emergency evasion. There was no way he would dare to face the rolling disaster head-on after it had made last minute changes in its physique.  

The Kasogonaga had increased in size, and it was now a two-meter-tall, rainbow-colored-wrecking ball!  

The Kasogonaga bounced off the wall and this time, the rebound was so fast that William had no time to evade. The "rainbow" wrecking ball hit him in the chest which sent him slamming towards the wall of the cavern, creating a cloud of dust.  

William only received minor injuries because he was able to equip his Golden-Scaled Armor at the last minute before he was hit by the rolling disaster.  

'System, is there a way we can beat this thing?' William inquired. Although he was in a disadvantageous situation, he didn't panic and decided to consult the system.

< This cavern is still unstable and under the influence of the God Domain. If the host wants to take a risk, there is a way, but it is equally dangerous.'

'What is it? If I am able to escape this predicament then I will cooperate.'

< Very well, what we are going to do is this... >

While the two were talking, the Kasogonaga didn't follow up with another attack and simply hovered in the air a few meters away from where William had fallen.  

"Hahaha! Foolish Elf," The Kasogonaga roared while still spinning in mid-air. "You and your stupid Goddess will pay the price of imprisoning this Deity! When I regain my Divinity, I will drown your continent until all of you bastards start to grow fins!

"However, since you were the one who freed me from that prison, I will end your life and give you a proper burial. Be thankful because a Deity will personally bury you! Now, Die!"

William extended his hand with the intention of "catching" the two-meter wrecking ball that charged towards him.  

The moment his hand touched Kasogonaga's curled up body, the enraged Sky Deity disappeared from the cavern.  

-----

< Transfer successful! >

< Kasogonaga has been successfully relocated to the North of the Thousand Beast Domain! >

----

William sighed in relief as he lay on the ground while panting. Fortunately, the God Domain that they had created to transfer the Magic Crystal Mine was still active. With its help, the system was able to forcefully transfer the Sky Deity to William's Thousand Beast Domain.

Although the Half-Elf and the System were worried that their guest would turn their domain upside down, it was a risk that they had to take. They had been left with no other alternative. All they could do was trap the enraged Deity inside the domain to keep William from getting hurt more.

William closed his eyes and observed his domain from the sky. The Kasogonaga had landed near the Candelabra Tree, which was the territory of the Rainbow Birds, but due to the fact that they reminded him of a certain game he played back on Earth, he gave them the nickname Angray Birds.

As soon as it felt that it was in a different environment, the Kasogonaga landed on the ground while still in its curled up state and observed its surroundings.  

The Angray Birds that were nesting on their tree looked down at the "unwanted guest" that appeared in their home turf.

Angray Bird 1: "Wtf?"

Angray Bird 2: "F*ck off!"

Kasogonaga: "Where am I? Speak dumb birds!"

Angray Birds: "Say what?!"

Angray Birds: "F*ck off!"

The Angray Birds were only Class E (Mid) Beasts, but they were a very rowdy bunch. All of them had different colors and abilities, but they all had one thing in common, and that was that they were all "aggressive birds".

They flapped their wings and attacked the Kasogonaga by ramming it with their bodies. William was surprised because what the birds were doing was practically suicide, but what happened next made his eyes widen in shock.

When a red colored bird hit the Kasogonaga, it exploded like a grenade. Red feathers scattered in the air showing that the bird had been completely decimated by the explosion. However, on top of the Candelabra Tree a red egg appeared. This egg would hatch after twenty four hours and the Angray bird that died would be reborn again.

The other birds also attacked the Kasogonaga with a vengeance. The orange birds inflicted Earth Damage, the yellow birds inflicted a Stunning Effect, and the green ones inflicted Wind Damage.  

When the blue birds exploded, they inflicted Water Damage. The indigo colored birds inflicted "Slashing" Physical Damage, and the violet ones dealt Blunt Physical Damage.  

William "almost" felt sorry for the pitiful Kasogonaga who was forced to run away due to the relentless assault of the Angray Birds. Shouts of "Fck you!, Fck Off!, Say What?!" and the likes accompanied the fleeting Sky Deity as it rolled away to escape the birds that gave it a culture shock.

"You bastard Elf! If you have guts, come and face me! Let's fight two-hundred rounds!" the Kasogonaga roared in anger. "Come out and fight me!"

William snorted as he let his consciousness return to the real world. He still had things to do, and the Rainbow Anteater wouldn't be going anywhere anytime soon.  

Since that was the case, he would just focus on the task at hand, getting to the Third Peak before dealing with this creature that seemed to have a very strong grudge against the Elven Race.


Chapter 241

When William returned to the Ice Lotus Lake, several hours had already passed and it was close to noon time.  

The two girls were very happy after getting so many ice lotuses because William promised that all of the members would get an equal share of the harvest. All in all, they managed to successfully get one-hundred eighteen ice lotuses from the lake.

It was more than enough for the two girls to have an alchemist prepare a special cream that they could use to keep their skin looking young and healthy.  

For some reason, William could have sworn that Ian was just as excited as the two girls. The snot-nosed-pansy was grinning from ear to ear as he patted his special storage bag used to gather herbs.  

"We will rest for an hour before we resume our climb up the mountain," William said. "I don't know what kind of tricks Cadell has prepared for us, but leave the talking to me. Also, I want all of you to read the contents of this scroll."

William handed a scroll to each of his subordinates. What was written on the scroll were the laws that were observed within the Kyrintor Mountains. He believed that the natives in the mountain that deals with foreigners use the latter's ignorance to make things difficult for them.

There was a famous saying in the Art of War back on Earth that went something like this.

"If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle."

This reasoning was very true. When they arrived, they knew nothing about the laws of the Kyrintor Mountains. Because of this, Cadell was able to use the "strong arm" method to make them obey his orders without any form of resistance.

Now that they were also aware of the rules, the natives wouldn't be able to intimidate them like Cadell had done to William when the Mayor tried to force William to answer his questions.

Unfortunately for him, William was made aware of the laws thanks to the help of the System. With this knowledge backing him up, he was able to bring down the Mayor a peg and make him go back empty handed.

"Hissssss! If I only knew of this earlier!" Brutus scratched his hair in frustration. "That Mayor sure got us good earlier."

Kenneth had a wry smile on his face as he rolled the scroll in his hand. He had also finished reading the laws, and felt that there was really a need for him to learn more about the Human world.  

"Ignorance is bliss, but in this case it is different," Kenneth said as he gazed at William. "Ignorance of the law is not an excuse, right?"

William nodded his head. "Now that all of you are now aware of the laws, do not let yourselves be intimidated by them. It is now your turn to intimidate them."

The Half-Elf had a devilish grin plastered on his face which clearly meant that he was planning something devious.

Brutus and Bruno also smiled evilly because they now realized what kind of "power" they possessed in the Kyrintor Mountains.  

"Still, it will be a good idea if we don't have to get into any conflicts with the local people," Amelia commented.  

"Big Sister Amelia is right." Wendy agreed. "At the end of the day, we are still outsiders. It would be bad if we left a bad impression on them."

Ian, who had remained quiet since the beginning, spoke out his mind, "I'm sure that the Commander has allowed us to read the laws because it is necessary that we don't act too passively. If we are as meek as sheep, these Barbarians won't treat us seriously and will even look down upon us."

"Ian is right." William nodded his head. "When two countries are at the negotiating table, the one with the bigger hand has the advantage. If we are too passive, they will only take advantage of it and will force us to 'pay more' than necessary. Let's stop here and rest. We only have half an hour before we resume our travel."

A few hours later, the group arrived at a checkpoint that was blocked by a wooden gate. With the help of the System, finding the shortest route up the mountain was not a problem for them. However, they couldn't avoid these checkpoints because all accessible paths led to these forts which were controlled by the defenders of Kyrintor.

As expected the gate was shut tight and the guards manning it were standing on top of the ramparts while looking at William's group with disdain. Cadell had already told them of the foreigners' arrival and instructed them to not let them in unless they begged and paid them a few hundred gold coins in exchange for safe passage.

However, before they could even state their demands, William had already approached the gate and shouted at the top of his voice.

"On behalf of the Sovereign that watches over this domain, I beseech all of you to open the gates. I ask this request by the Warrior's Oath that the Tribes have pledged at the Peak of Divinity," William shouted. "May the Sovereign of Kyrintor be my witness that I come in peace, seeking guidance on the path of Enlightenment. Please, punish anyone who dares to block my right of passage by relinquishing your blessing on their entire bloodline!"

A peal of thunder echoed within the summit of the mountain as if to reply to William's request. The guards manning the gates were dumbfounded at first, but when they heard the roar of thunder, they hurriedly opened the gates as if their lives depended on it.

The mighty gates opened wide as William and his entourage entered with heads held high. The guards looked at them warily, because this was the first time that someone had used their oath to gain entry into their domain.  

This was an oath that they couldn't disobey unless they wanted their Guardian to punish them and remove the power of their bloodline. Of course, not everyone could make this oath. There was one condition and that was to be recognized by an Angorian War Ibex, which was said to be the direct descendant of the Demigod that ruled the Kyrintor Mountains.

Cadell, who was resting inside the fortress, had already been informed of William's arrival at the checkpoint. He had a gloating look on his face as he glanced at Jerkins who was seated opposite him.

"That arrogant boy has finally arrived," Cadell said with a smug expression on his face. "I'd like to see if he can enter the fortress unscathed. Why don't the two of us have a bet, Ambassador? If you win then I'll put in a few good words to the Chieftain about your purpose for coming."

The Mayor of Northwell wasn't serious in his words. He was only saying this in order to tease Jerkins and make the Ambassador feel pressured. Cadell wanted him to know that within the Kyrintor Mountains, it was the tribes that called the shots and not the foreigners who came here to seek an audience.  

"Sorry, but I'm not very fond of making bets," Jerkins replied with a smile. "Especially when it comes to bets that I am sure to win."

The Ambassador's confident smile made Cadell's disappear from his face. He didn't know why, but Jerkins sounded very confident. The Mayor suddenly remembered how the boy had talked back to him a day ago and it made him clench his fist in anger.  

It was at that moment when a guard came running towards Cadell and whispered something in his ear.

The Mayor of Northwell had a disbelieving look on his face after he listened to his subordinate's report.

"Are you sure? I swear that if you're lying to me I'll have you punished with fifty lashings!" Cadell threatened. He didn't want to believe that the arrogant boy managed to enter the fortress using the aged-old-oath that their ancestors had pledged to the Sovereign of the Kyrintor Mountains.  

"Sir, it is true," the guard replied anxiously. "Actually, they are already on their way here."

As if waiting for that cue, a handsome Half-Elf with the "I know what you did last summer" expression entered Cadell's vision.  

William swaggered inside the room, along with his party, and sat on the couch as if he was the owner of the place. Wendy sat on his right, while Amelia sat on his left. The rest of the members stood behind him and stared at Cadell as if they were looking at a bug that they could crush at any moment.

"Mayor, I think the two of us need to have a nice, long, talk," William's devilish gaze locked onto Cadell's eyes which made the latter feel very uncomfortable. "It would be best if you stopped playing your petty tricks. It only makes me look down on the person that was hailed to be the 'First Guardian' of the North."

"Boy, is this your way of challenging me to a duel?" Cadell asked with barely restrained anger. "Because if that is your plan, you've succeeded in angering me."

"Me? Challenge you?" William gave Cadell a look of disdain. "How about I return that question to you? Do you dare to challenge me?"

Cadell quieted down when he heard William's question. Although the order of the challenge was only reversed, it held a different meaning if the host of the domain were to challenge their guests to a duel.

This would mean that they didn't have the etiquette of a warrior and a good host. If William was the one who challenged him then he could accept it and even kill William in the duel because it was within their laws.

However, if he were the one to issue a challenge to William, all the warriors in the Kyrintor Mountains would look down upon him. There was even a possibility that he and his entire bloodline would be killed in order to appease the anger of their Sovereign.

Although they were called the Northern Barbarians, the tribes of the North were probably the only people in the Southern Continent who followed the laws of their domain with strict devotion. As long as they abided by the rules, no one would be able to conquer them.

What William and the rest of the people in the Southern Continent didn't know was that the Kyrintor Mountains was not just a simple mountain range. It was a divine artifact that belonged to the Goddess of Order and Law, Themis.  

An artifact that was currently in the possession of the Sovereign that ruled the entire Northern Regions, and the one who held it in an iron grip.  


Chapter 242

The group traveled for two more days before finally arriving at the Third Peak of Chivalry in the Kyrintor Mountains. Along the way, they saw thousands of tents surrounding the peak, which proved that this was indeed a special gathering of the Northern Tribe.

After having a faceoff with William, Cadell didn't try to do anything else. He only grudgingly took the representatives of the Hellan Kingdom to the Grand Residence where their Great Chief lived before he left them to attend to his own matters.  

As per custom, the Chief's attendant led them to the audience hall where the Great Chief was already waiting for them. Sitting on his right was his eldest son, Liam, and on his left was his youngest granddaughter, Brianna.  

The little girl was quite adorable and she looked at William and the rest of the representatives from the Hellan Kingdom with a curious gaze. She gave them a smile, but remained seated like a proper noble lady during special occasions.  

The name of the Great Chief of the Northern Tribes was Evander Zeke. After his father had stepped down from his position, Evander ruled the Tribes well. He brought them prosperity and happiness for many years, and all the other tribal leaders were very satisfied with his way of managing things.

This was also why he was loved by his people.

Now that his second son was looking for a bride, the tribes gathered and brought the most beautiful ladies in their domains to get the chance of becoming the Second Warrior's wife. In their society, an ordinary man could have one wife, while a warrior could have four.

This was a way to preserve their lineage because the lives of warriors were very unpredictable, especially during times of war. Since the chances of them dying was high, the Tribes had agreed that having more than one wife was needed in order to preserve their legacy as the brave warriors of the Kyrintor Mountains.

Sir Jerkins gave the Great Chieftain a respectful bow before sitting on the mat provided for them. William and the others followed the Ambassador's respectful greeting and sat down as well.  

"Guests from afar, I welcome you to the Third Peak of Chivalry," Great Chief Evander said with a smile. "Two days from now, our tribes will hold a special celebration. Please, stay and enjoy the festivities. As for your purpose of coming, I think I have an idea of what it is."

The Great Chief of the Tribes paused before giving Sir Jerkins a serious expression. "We will hold our talks a day after my second son has chosen his brides. I am quite busy with the preparations for this special occasion and have no time to entertain you and your purpose for coming."

Sir Jerkins gave the chief a courteous nod, "We are more than willing to experience the hospitality of the Great Chief and his people. Since Your Excellency has already issued your decree, we will naturally obey and not discuss anything related to politics.

Great Chief Evander gave Jerkins a nod of approval. "It is always a pleasure talking to you, Sir Jerkins."

"You, too, Your Excellency," the Ambassador replied.

Their meeting with the Great Chief ended there and they were ushered to the guestrooms that had been prepared for them. Wendy and Amelia were currently William's fiances, so the three of them shared a room.

Five minutes after the attendant left their room, an adorable girl sneakily entered their quarters and hurriedly closed the door behind her.

Her bright and clear gray eyes looked at their guests with a sense of anticipation.

"Do any of you know Ernest?" Brianna, the youngest granddaughter of the Great Chief asked with an innocent smile on her face. She then casually sat on a sitting mat and locked her eyes on William's handsome face.

"Are you talking about Prince Ernest?" William asked back.  

The little loli nodded her head in acknowledgment of William's question. The smile on her face widened as she looked at William expectantly.  

"How is he?" Brianna inquired. "Does he think of me?"

Brianna's stare was so pure and innocent that William felt that his heart was melting. He then took out a sealed scroll from his storage ring and handed it to the girl who seemed to be a good friend of the Youngest Prince of the Hellan Kingdom.

Before he left for the Northern Regions, the Prince gave William a letter. The Prince said that William should personally hand it to the youngest granddaughter of the Great Chief. He also added that the Knight Commander must ensure that no one else would be there when he passed the letter to her.

Brianna practically snatched the scroll from William's hand when the boy handed it to her. She immediately broke the seal and started reading the contents of the letter. William, Wendy, and Amelia, watched in amusement as the little girl squirmed in her seat as if reading a letter that had been given to her by her crush.  

She let out small giggles from time to time which brightened the mood inside the guest quarters. A few minutes passed before the little loli gently rolled the scroll and placed it inside her own storage ring.

Briana gazed at William with a look of admiration that almost made the Half-Elf avert his gaze due to its intensity.

"Ernest said that you are the youngest Knight Commander in the Hellan Kingdom," Briana said. "Is it true?"

"Not only the youngest, but the most handsome Knight Commander in the kingdom," William replied with a smug smile on his face.

"Little Ernie warned me about your narcissism, but seeing is believing." Brianna giggled. "Well, you are indeed handsome, but give Little Ernie a few years and he will be more handsome than you."

"Impossible!"

"It's not impossible!"

"How can that little shrimp compare to me? Just look at how awesome I am. Compare it to that little brat who still hasn't grown his hair and tell me if he could surpass my good looks," William raised his head arrogantly. "Even if you give Prince Ernest a hundred years, he would still not be able to reach the level of my handsomeness."

"No! Little Ernie will be more handsome after a few years!" Brianna disagreed. "My future husband is the best!"

"Tsk, is this what they mean when they say that love is blind?" William muttered. "Fine. I won't argue with a little Loli. It's just not worth it."

Wendy and Amelia, who was seated beside William, giggled at the same time. They knew that their commander was just teasing the young girl, but it was still amusing that the youngest granddaughter of the Great Chief was able to fight back and put the narcissistic Half-Elf in his place.  

Brianna's eyes then sharpened as she cleared her throat. "Tell me, are you all here to ask the Northern Tribes to become your allies?"

Her adorable facade disappeared and was replaced by a serious expression that didn't match her age.  


Chapter 243

William was surprised at the sudden change in the little girl in front of him. He didn't know if he should speak honestly or wait for Sir Jerkins to personally talk with the girl's grandfather about the proposed Alliance between their Tribes and the Hellan Kingdom.

However, after some thought, he decided to trust his instincts and answer the girl's question.  

"Yes. That is the purpose of our visit," William replied after careful consideration. From what he could tell, the girl didn't just visit them to ask about her 'Fiance's' well-being. Her sharp and intelligent eyes reminded William of his Grandpa's eyes when the old man was scheming something behind his grandson's back.

Brianna didn't give him any malicious vibes, and Ella, who lay not far away from them, had also given her silent approval.  

"Listen very closely." Brianna lowered her voice as if afraid that someone might overhear their discussion. "Aside from your group, there are two other parties. They arrived here on the Third Peak two days ago. I'm afraid that your proposal for an Alliance will not go smoothly."

Brianna was about to say more, but was interrupted by a knock on the door. She hurriedly changed her expression to that of an innocent and naive little girl who could be easily tricked by other people to follow them in their own homes.

"They say that in the Hellan Kingdom, there are many beautiful clothes and jewelry, is that true?" Brianna asked just in time for the door to open wide.

"Brianna, you shouldn't disturb our guests," Liam, Brianna's father, appeared in the room with a stern expression. "Didn't I tell you to not wander around during this time?"

Liam then faced William and the two girls beside him before giving a brief bow. "I apologize for my daughter's transgressions. She's quite ignorant of the world and will often do something mischievous. I hope that she didn't disturb or offend you in any way."

"Father, I'm only asking them about fashionable clothes like the one that the Green-Haired Big Sister is wearing." Brianna pouted. "Big Brother, I'm not disturbing your rest, right?"

"Of course not," William replied. For now, he decided to play along and save the little loli from getting spanked by her father. "Lady Brianna is a very kind and respectful young lady. Even in the capital, there are few girls who have her charm and elegance."

"See? Big Brother praised me. I'm a good girl and I'm not doing anything bad." Brianna looked at her father with a face filled with injustice.  

Liam's gaze finally softened as he gently brushed her head. "Let's go back. Your mother just finished baking cookies."

"Yay! Cookies!" Brianna ran out of the room in high spirits.

Liam watched her retreating back with a helpless smile on his face. He then faced William and the two girls and gave a respectful bow before leaving the room, closing the door behind him.

Before the two girls could even say anything, William hurriedly covered their lips with his hand and said in a loud voice.

"We've been traveling for three days straight and I haven't had the chance to make love to the two of you," William said in a tone that was laced with perversion. "Why don't the three of us do some catching up before dinner? I'm sure that the Great Chief will not mind us being a little late."

The Half-Elf signaled the two girls with his eyes as he half-dragged them to the bed.

Wendy's and Amelia's faces had already reddened because even if they knew that William was just acting, both of them were still chaste maidens who had only heard a thing or two about what couples do in the bedroom.

William gently pushed the two girls onto the bed and lay between them. He then pulled them closer to him as he said words of love into their ears.

"There are three people listening to our conversation," William whispered to Amelia's ear. "One is hiding behind the painting on the wall, the other behind the door and the third is right outside our window."

The Half-Elf kissed Wendy's forehead before whispering the same things he said to Amelia to her ears.

The two girls then played their roles and acted intimate with William.  

Amelia played with William's ears, while Wendy rubbed his chest. William, on the other hand, laughed in a very lecherous manner that irritated the three men listening to their conversations.  

In the end, the three left them alone when they realized that William was hell bent on playing with the two pretty girls beside him.

When the "eavesdroppers" had disappeared, William nodded to the two girls which signaled that the pests had left.  

"Do you think they also sent people to monitor the others?" Amelia whispered in William's ears.

Although the Half-Elf said that they were no longer being monitored, she still felt that it was better to play it safe rather than be sorry later.

"Definitely," William answered without any shred of doubt. "I just hope that the others have noticed them too and made proper arrangements."

"Do you think they will continue to monitor us?" Wendy inquired. "Will they do something to us during our stay like put something on our food and water?"

William shook his head to deny Wendy's words. "They are not allowed to treat us like that. However, that doesn't necessarily mean that others won't. Remember what Brianna said? Aside from us, there were two other parties that have arrived before us. I'm guessing that whoever they might be, they are not on good terms with the Hellan Kingdom."

'It's quite unfortunate that I wasn't able to bring Aethon with me,' William thought with regret.  

The little Wren was left inside the academy in order to observe anything suspicious that was happening inside it. With its knack for looking for news like a journalist, William was confident that it would have something to report once he returned to the academy.

As much as he wanted to gather information about the "unknown parties" he couldn't do anything that might arouse suspicion from the warriors that were patrolling the Third Peak of Chivalry.  

The Chief's attendant had explicitly told them to not leave their quarters unless it was something very important. From that alone, William could tell that the Chief was hiding something from them. However, he was powerless to do anything at this point in time aside from sighing in regret.

It was at that moment when his gaze landed on Ella who was resting on the floor beside the bed.

"That's it!" William sat up from the bed in excitement. He then hurriedly talked to Ella using telepathy which was a special ability that William could use when talking to the "Leader" of his herd.  

Ella nodded her head in agreement to her son's suggestion. Since William couldn't leave the room then it would be up to her to gather information.  

As an Angorian War Ibex, no one in the Kyrintor Mountains would dare block her passage. Even the Great Chief would have to give her face and allow her to wander around the Third Peak as she did her investigation.

William hoped that when Ella returned, some of the questions he had in his mind would finally find their answers.  


Chapter 244

"So, are you telling me that Lady Wendy has left the academy?" Carter asked. He just finished making a new set of candies that were meant for the beautiful young lady whom he had set his eyes on.

"Yes," Charlotte replied with a smile. "The Knight Commander was assigned a special mission and he took her with him."

"Is that so…" Carter smiled, but he was inwardly feeling irritated. He was currently under a strict deadline and he had no idea when his target would be returning to the academy.

'I guess, I will just have to improvise,' Carter thought as he pulled Charlotte for a kiss. "I have a request for you, My Love."

Hearing the Professor's intimate words made Charlotte's heart skip a beat. "I want you to distribute these candies to the officers of the First and Second Years of the Magic Division. They have done a good job in surviving the Dungeon Outbreak and this is my reward for them."

"I don't mind doing this for you, Professor. But, what kind of reward will you give me afterwards?" Charlotte inquired.

Over the past few days, she had received a lot of personal training from Carter. The Professor had already successfully won the noble lady's heart. His every whim, and orders, were carried out by Charlotte without fail.

"Visit my room tonight," Carter raised her chin with his fingertip. "I will make sure that you will have a satisfied smile on your lips when you close your eyes to sleep."

He then lowered his head and kissed her lips which made the young noble lady very happy.  

Charlotte left Carter's room in a good mood and headed towards the dormitories of the First and Second Year students in the Magic Division.

Five minutes after Charlotte left his room, the door opened and Charlotte's best friend, Annie, entered the room.

Carter had used his suggestion spell to make the girl come to his room, so that he could ask her about the latest news that was circulating around the merchant groups. Just like always, Annie told him that the Kingdom seemed to be preparing for the possibility of another Dungeon Outbreak and was stocking up on weapons and armors.

The professor didn't find anything wrong with this because he would do the same if he was in the King's position.  

------

"What are you eating?" Est asked when he saw Isaac holding a pouch in his hands while chewing on something.

Isaac presented a different pouch to Est with a smile. "Young Master, they are candies. The Secretary of the Third Year Magic Division, Lady Charlotte, gave it to us. She said that it was a small reward for doing a great job during the Dungeon Outbreak."

"Lady Charlotte?" The image of the pretty daughter of the Marquesse appeared inside Est's head as he accepted the pouch from his retainer. He then casually picked up a candy from the pouch and ate it.

The sweet taste flooded his mouth and Est felt light-headed for a brief moment before everything returned to normal.  

"This is quite delicious," Est said after finishing the candy. "Do you know where she bought this?"

Isaac shook his head, "Lady Charlotte said that these were hand made so they couldn't be bought in any stores. However, she promised to give us more after the maker had finished making another batch."

Ian, who usually quarreled with William, was not around. Because of this, Isaac felt a little bit lonely because there were very few occasions when he had to separate with his twin. After the two finished eating the candies inside their pouch, they returned to their duties as officers of the Magic Division.

Both of them were secretly looking forward to the next batch of candies that they would be receiving as soon as it was made.  

-----

After Carter received the "resources" from the Demon Continent, he immediately went to work and produced as many as he could for the first batch. These candies were different from the first one he distributed months ago because it was fifteen times more potent.

Usually, those who ate his candies would take at least two months before the suggestion spell inside their bodies matured. With this new candy, it would only take a week or two before the effect came into fruition.

Not only that, there was another spell added in it that Carter planned to activate during the Inter-Division Ceremony. By then, everyone that had eaten the candy would give in to their inner desires and would wreak havoc on those around them.

Since the Demon General had given Carter the marching order to execute his plan at the soonest possible time, he also made sure that the resources that his subordinate received were more than enough for the massive undertaking.

Even Carter felt that what the Demon General asked of him was overkill, but he didn't have any intention to complain. What he wanted to do above all else was to pin down the girls that he had set his eyes on, and make them his personal broodmares.

After the Demon's defeat in the Silvermoon Continent, the number of powerful demons that had been born was very low. This was why they decided to capture the talented humans from the Southern Continent and bring them back to the Demon Continent through the portal they had hidden along its borders.

Carter didn't know much about the specifics, but the Demon General gave vague hints that they had "helpers" in the Southern Continent. It was these helpers that had provided him the identity as the Professor of the Academy and allowed him to infiltrate their strict regulations with ease.

There was no need for a chess piece to question his master's orders. Carter was fully aware that he was just one of the many pawns of the Demon General that were deployed to the Human Lands.  

Although all of them were given different roles, their goals had always been the same.

Their only goal, in their lives as chess pieces, was to bring back the glory of the Demon Race. Nothing else mattered, not even their lives.


Chapter 245

Thousands of warriors gathered around the Third Peak of the Kyrintor Mountains.  

William and his comrades were so impressed with the Northern Army that they had no choice but to admit that it was a force to reckon with. Earlier, Ella had snooped around the Third Peak, but she didn't find anything much aside from the guests' identities.

When William found out the nationalities of these guests, he kept it to himself because there was no point in sharing it with the others. He decided to just let things go with the flow for now until he discovered their purpose for coming.  

Jerkins looked at this sight with a calm expression on his face. He could tell that this was something that the Great Chief wanted to show them on purpose. It was a subtle way of saying that the Northern Tribe were not only a strong ally, but an equally strong enemy.

The ambassador glanced to his right side and frowned. His greatest fears had been confirmed. Sir Jerkins had a feeling that instead of finding allies, they would find a new threat that would stab them in the back if the war were to commence in full.

"What's wrong, Ambassador?" Cadell asked with a gloating expression on his face. "Are you familiar with our new friends?"

"Very," Cadell replied. He sighed internally as he gazed at the vast army in front of him. 'Your Majesty, I think we are too late.'

The Mayor of Northwell chuckled. He was in a really good mood and he felt that this was a good opportunity to slap the faces of the representatives of the Hellan Kingdom.

'You want us to become your allies? Fat chance.' Cadell sneered. 'We've waited too long for this moment. It is now time for the Northern Tribes to expand!'

Not far away from their location, the Great Chief of the Tribes stepped onto an elevated platform and raised his hand.  

The warriors shouted their war cries and, soon, the entire peak had been washed by the tremendous pressure that came from these mighty warriors.  

Sir Jerkins, Kenneth, Ian, Brutus, and Bruno weren't able to stop themselves from taking a few steps back due to the Aura that was unleashed by the warriors. Although none of the warriors intended for this to happen, the force of their united cries was strong enough to push back those who were not used to this kind of deterrence.

The other "guests" of the Northern Tribes were in a similar situation. They were also unable to resist the oppressive aura that descended upon them and had to take a few steps back to regain their footing.

Only William, Wendy, and Amelia were able to stand their ground. Earlier, William had firmly wrapped his arms around the waists of the two girls in order to prevent them from being pushed back. Although the auras of the warriors were strong, it couldn't compare to the Aura his grandfather had unleashed when William sparred with him back in Lont.

James' Battle Aura was so strong that it had blown William far away when he experienced it for the first time. Compared to that, the show of power from the Northern Warriors was like a gentle breeze that only ruffled William's cloak.

Cadell, who had secretly observed William, frowned when he saw that the boy seemed unaffected. Even the Great Chief, who had given William a side-long glance, gave the red-headed boy a rare nod of admiration.

After the Warriors had finished their greeting, Great Chief Evander began his speech.

"Today is the day when the Second Warrior of our Tribe will choose his bride candidates," Evander announced. "This is a blessed day and I look forward to meeting my future daughters-in-law. May the Feast that we have prepared satisfy all of you and may the Great Northern Tribes forever be Victorious!"

The warriors roared in agreement to their Great Chief's words. They raised their weapons up high and cheered for the Second Warrior's "Bride Selection Event".

A man who was almost two meters tall walked behind Great Chief Evander. He was not wearing any upper clothes and his body was like that of a body builder back on Earth. His amazing physical prowess and sharp features made him strikingly handsome.  

According to William's estimate, he was at least in his late twenties. The Half-Elf watched as the Second Warrior of the tribe, Connal Zeke, raised the spear in his hand and shouted a war cry.  

The Warriors replied with "Ahoo! Ahoo! Ahoo!" that reminded William of a documentary about the Spartans of ancient Greece.

"My brothers, and sisters, today is a very special day for me," Connal shouted. "I emerged from the trial of Fate only a month ago and finally realized that it is now the time for our tribe to rise up and look for greener pastures.

"I, the Second Warrior of the will lead this charge for the sake of our Tribe. However, as many of you know, it is our custom to leave behind our descendants if we are to fall in battle. Because of this, I finally decided to marry and ensure that my bloodline will still flourish even if I am to fall in battle!"

""Ahoo! Ahoo! Ahoo!""

It was the tribe's custom that the man should leave behind his descendants before going to war. Since the Second Warrior had no offspring, the Great Chief decided to call out all the tribes for a Bride Selection Ceremony.  

Sir Jerkins was having a hard time keeping the calm expression on his face because the Second Warrior's declaration had brought his worst fears to life. The North had the intention of going to war, but it was not to aid the Hellan Kingdom. It was to conquer them from the back!

The Ambassador and William shared a knowing glance. Both of them knew that their trip had been in vain and that they had to inform the King that they would be fighting on three fronts.

The Tribes of the North, the Anaesha Dynasty to the East, and the Zelan Dynasty to the South.

Their ally, the Kingdom of Freesia was in the Far East. Although they had already sent a messenger to their King to ask for aid during the war, the additional enmity of the Northern Tribe made their already perilous situation, more unstable.

Connal glanced in William's direction and gave him the smile of a second-rate Antagonist. To the Half-Elf's surprise, Connal ignored the two beauties by his side. The Second Warrior simply made the "cutting the neck" gesture before stepping down from the elevated platform.

'Well, at least he's a little different from those Antagonists that lust after beautiful young women,' William thought. He then glanced at the foreign guests at his right side. 'We cannot avoid having conflicts with these guys. The only problem is whether we can leave this place in one piece or not.'

If William was alone, he could definitely slip away without any problems. Unfortunately, he had his squad with him and there was no way in hell that he would leave them here at the mercy of their enemies.


Chapter 246

Rowdy laughter and jest filled the air as the warriors of the tribe ate, drank, and laughed like this was their last day before going to the battlefield.

William's group was allocated a table not far from the Great Chief's, but far enough to tell them that they were not their priority.

On the Great Chief's left and right sides, were tables of the representatives from the two Dynasties Anaesha and Zelan. On the Anaeshan side, there were four people that shared the table, with six guards standing behind their backs.  

On the Zelan side, there were five people, with the same number of guards standing behind them.  

"The guy wearing a red robe is the second prince of the Anaesha Dynasty, Aziel Sy Anaesha," Sir Jerkins informed William, who was seated opposite him. "The one seated beside him is his half-sister, the second princess, Valeria Sy Anaesha. I don't know who the two men who are seated beside them are, but I'm guessing that they are their protectors."

William nodded his head in agreement. The Second Prince and Princess both had silky light-brown hair and were blessed with good looks. If they were brought back to Earth, both of them would be great endorsers of high-end fashion clothes for the rich and famous.  

"Let's not mix with them. Those two are Mithril Rank Fighters. How about the other side?"

Jerkins glanced at the other table and began to introduce them as well.

"The man wearing black clothes is the Crown Prince of the Zelan Dynasty," Jerkins had a rare tinge of admiration in his voice as he introduced the devilish looking man to William. "His name is Prince Alaric Sol Zelan. I can't believe that an important person like him actually came here to the Kyrintor Mountains."

As the Crown Prince of a dynasty, Prince Alaric held great power and influence in their domain. For him to come to this place meant that it was of the utmost importance to their Dynasty.  

"The beautiful lady seated beside him is the Third Princess, Princess Aila Sol Zelan. Although she's only sixteen years old this year, she has many suitors in the Zelan Dynasty, but the King hasn't found any of them worthy of his daughter. Perhaps she's here to become… a bride."

William observed the devilish looking Prince and angelic looking Princess from their table. Both of them had light-purple hair and eyes that made them stand out from the gathering. William was envious of their creamy white skin because it was a shade lighter than his.  

After a short observation, he noticed that even though Princess Aila was smiling, her smile never reached her eyes. It even held a tinge of resignation as if she was someone who had surrendered herself to her fate.

'A pitiful political tool,' William thought. He then shifted his attention to the Crown Prince of the Zelan Dynasty. Perhaps it was coincidence, or perhaps it was Fate, but the Crown Prince also chose that time to look at William.

The two stared at each other for half a minute before giving each other a brief nod. Although that exchange didn't last long, William didn't feel any hostility from the Prince, which surprised him.  

It was very different from the vibe of the Second Prince of the Anaesha Dynasty who blatantly showed his disdain for William's group whenever his eyes glanced in their direction.

Unlike the Second Warrior of the Tribe, Connal, Aziel Sy Aenasha looked at Wendy and Amelia in a lecherous manner.

Aziel felt excited at the possibility of having his way with the two beauties, while the representatives of the Hellan Kingdom watched helplessly as he ravaged the girls in front of them.

'Yep, this one is the true cannon fodder in this gathering,' William mused internally. 'I wonder if I'll get some God Points if I beat him up.'

-----

Inside the Temple of Ten Thousand Gods…

Lily: I donate 250 God Points.

Issei: 250 for me as well.

David: 250.

Gavin: Okay, 250 for me as well.

-----

After the feast ended, Connal stood up and respectfully bowed to Princess Aziel. He then extended his hand in a gesture and waited for the beautiful young lady to place her hands over his.

Princess Aila smiled and held Connal's hand. The Second Warrior held her small hand firmly, and gently pulled her close to him.  

This rare act of gentleness from the Second Warrior earned him cheers and teasing remarks from the Warriors that were seated around the Great Hall.  

"From this moment onwards, I declare Princess Aila as my main wife," Connal said. Even though he tried his best to hide it, everyone could still feel the happiness hidden behind his declaration.  

It seemed that the Second Warrior was really in love with the Princess and it showed in his eyes and actions.

"I am honored to be chosen as your main wife, Proud Warrior of the North," Princess Aila replied. If she hated the fact that she had been forced by her father to marry Connal, she didn't show it on her face.  

"I propose a toast for this wonderful pairing!" Aziel, the second prince of the Anaesha Dynasty proposed. "May their union bring prosperity to the Southern Continent!"

Another round of cheers resounded all around them as the warriors gave Connal and Princess Aila their blessings.

Prince Aziel then walked towards the main table of the Great Chief and stopped in front of Brianna.  

"Although you're only eleven years old this year, I am looking forward to your growth, My Lady," Prince Aziel said with a smile. "I am very happy to have you as my future bride."

"Huh?" Brianna widened her eyes in shock. She then glanced at her Father in confusion.  

Her father, Liam, drank wine from his goblet with a determined expression. He didn't even look at his own daughter and pretended that he was not aware of her stare.

Brianna felt her heart grow cold as she stared at her grandfather. Great Chief Evander was different from his son and faced his granddaughter's gaze with a smile.

"Brianna, the Second Prince of Anaesha has decided to make you his second wife," Great Chief Evander said. "I'm sure that you will be happy in the Anaesha Dynasty. Isn't that right, Prince Aziel?"

"Of course, Great Chieftain. I promise that I will take good care of your granddaughter. I will ensure that she grows up as a proper lady."

"Good."

Brianna lowered her head and clenched her fists under the table. Her father and grandfather hadn't told her anything about this marriage agreement. No, they hadn't told her because they knew that she wouldn't agree to it.

Princess Aila, who was seated not far from the young girl, looked at her in a calm manner. Deep inside, she pitied Brianna. She could see herself as the youngest granddaughter of the Great Chief. Both of them were in the same position.

Both of them were just tools used for political gains between the powerful factions in the Southern Continent.  

They were the sacrifices that were needed to seal the Tri-Party alliance between the Northern Tribes, and the two Dynasties, which will attack the Hellan Kingdom on all fronts.  

Prince Aziel extended his hand to grab Brianna's small hands, in order to drag her to his own table. However, before the Prince could even touch his "bride's" hand, another hand held his in a firm manner.  

Prince Aziel flinched because the hand that held his own was very rough and one could tell that it was not the hands of a noble.

The Prince turned his head to look at the fool who dared to get in his way. There he found a Half-Elf that had red hair akin to flames, who was looking at him with clear, light-green, eyes that were as beautiful as sapphires.  

"I'm sorry, but I fell in love with Lady Brianna the moment I saw her," William lied with a straight face. "I was planning to ask the Great Chieftain to make her my fiance, but I never thought that she was already betrothed to another."

Prince Aziel snorted as he glared at the annoying Half-Elf in front of him. If someone had dared to grab his hand without his permission in the Aenasha Dynasty, that person's hand would have been cut off, and his body whipped a thousand times over.  

He laughed in anger as he tightened his grip on William's hand. Prince Aziel had every intention of breaking the offender's hand to teach him a lesson.  

"Since you already know that the Young Lady is betrothed to me then why are you getting in my way?" Prince Aziel asked. "Know your place, and go back to where you belong, Hellanian!"

William chuckled as if what Prince Aziel was saying was complete and utter nonsense. "You ask me why I am getting in your way? You're not very smart are you, Second Prince of the Aenasha Dynasty."

William raised his chin in an arrogant manner and acted like a First-Rate Antagonist. "I came here for one reason, and one reason only, and that is to 'snatch' this beauty from your hands. Like I said, I fell in love with her and I'm not planning to hand her to anyone. Not to you, nor any other man in this great hall."

The hall quieted down as the warriors looked at William with a grim expression. Their hands moved towards the handles of their weapons. They were only waiting for their Great Chief's order to hack the arrogant Half-Elf to pieces.  

Great Chief Evander was about to say something, but William didn't give him that opportunity.

"I challenge you, Aziel Sy Anaesha, for the hand of Lady Briana," William declared. "I issue this challenge in adherence to the laws of the Third Peak of Chivalry. I call upon the Sovereign of the Kyrintor Mountains to bear witness to this challenge."

William then strengthened his grip on the Second Prince's hand which made the latter wince in pain. After seeing the Prince's reaction, William released his hand and faced Great Chief Evander.  

"The Wind may blow, but the Ice will never melt," William said as he ignored the pained expression of the Second Prince and faced Great Chief Evander fearlessly. "Isn't that right, Great Chief of the Northern Tribes?"


Chapter 247

In the beginning, William wasn't planning on doing anything. However, when Prince Aizel was about to grab Brianna's hand, his body moved subconsciously.

When he came to himself, he was already grabbing the Second Prince's hand and looking at the latter's glaring face.

Perhaps, due to himself being a victim of an arranged marriage, William felt that Brianna was very pitiful. She had just turned eleven, but was now forced to marry someone she didn't even like.  

For a brief moment, the image of Brianna's clear and confident eyes appeared inside William's mind. In the next instant, those same eyes clouded over and lost their brilliance. Deep inside his heart, the Half-Elf didn't want the lively young lady to lose her radiance.  

Because of this, his body moved before his mind could even think of a way to save the young girl. While the second prince was talking, the system had informed William that there was a special rule in the Peak of Chivalry that allowed special challenges to be issued.

This peak was used to settle disputes between the tribe in the form of one-on-one mortal combat. This was a bloody tradition in the Northern Tribes, but it was a tradition that all of them recognized.

No matter what happened, no matter the result, the winner was King!

Great Chief Evander stared at William with a serious expression. The phrase "The Wind may blow, but the Ice will never melt" had a significant meaning to the Northern Tribe. It was the promise that their Great Sovereign had given them before he ascended to the First Peak of Divinity.  

Since then, their Sovereign had never again appeared before them. However, his blessing still remained. Only the Oracle, who served their Lord, would descend from the First Peak to relay their Sovereign's order.

Ignoring this phrase was tantamount to ignoring the Sovereign's pledge to his people. Great Chief Evander breathed deeply before reluctantly acknowledging William's challenge.

"The Wind may blow, but the Ice will never melt," Evander said. He then looked at the Second Prince of the Dynasty of Anaesha and sighed internally. He had already given his word, but he was powerless against the rules of their domain.

He'd rather break his promise to a mortal prince than ignore the pledge of a Demigod.  

"According to the laws of our tribe, within the Peak of Chivalry, challenges can be issued if there is a conflict of interest," Great Chief Evander stated with a serious expression. "Since the representative from the Hellan Kingdom also wishes to marry my granddaughter then a fair duel is needed. This is the law of our people."

"Great Chief, need I remind you that…," Prince Aziel wasn't able to finish his sentence because Great Chief Evander had thrown an onyx medallion in his direction.

"I've returned the token that you have given me." Great Chief Evander stood straight and released his imposing aura. "If you wish to be betrothed to my granddaughter, you will have to fight for her hand in marriage. If not then she will become this… boy's bride."

Prince Aziel narrowed his eyes. His mission was to ensure that the alliance between their Dynasty and the Northern Tribes succeeded. This was why his father had entrusted the medallion in his hand as a bargaining chip for Brianna's hand in marriage.

The Second Prince knew that he couldn't back down from this duel, because he would be ridiculed by his brothers if he returned as a failure.  

Prince Aziel wasn't afraid of fighting William in a duel because he was a warrior. The Anaesha Dynasty was a dynasty that was ruled by military strength. All the weaklings were weeded out, and this also included the members of the Royal Family.

The Prince had fought several duels before he was recognized by his father. It was also why he was the one chosen for this extremely important mission. If he succeeded then he would be showered with praises. If he failed…

"To think that a Half-Elf slave would dare to challenge this Prince. How the Mighty Hellan Kingdom has fallen," Prince Aziel said with contempt. "Tell me slave, who are you and what is your standing in your kingdom?"

William shifted his head to the side to look at the glaring Prince who was so close to having one of his blood vessels ruptured.  

"William Von Ainsworth," William said with a smile. "I am the Commander of the Second Knight Order of the Hellan Kingdom."

William then gazed at Great Chief Evander as he continued his speech. "I am the Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign. Nice to meet all of you."

Great Chief Evander's, Liam's, and Connal's eyes widened in surprise. The warriors that surrounded the great hall, on the other hand, started to whisper at each other while glancing at William from time to time.

"A Slave Commander?" Prince Aziel chuckled. "This is the most ridiculous thing that I have ever heard in my life. Very well, I accept your challenge, Slave."

Prince Aziel stepped forward and looked down on William because he was half a meter taller than the boy. "I will ensure that you understand your position in society. I'll trample on your face and use it as a sharpener for my sword. I will make sure that you regret challenging this Prince."

"You know, that is what all the side-characters say," William replied. "Since you are able to spout this bunch of nonsense, that means that you are just a small fry in the Anaesha Dynasty."

A loud clap resounded inside the great hall as William's wooden staff and Prince Aziel's sword clashed against each other. In that initial clash, both men were able to hold their ground.

"I guess you can back your words to a certain extent," Prince Aziel said.

"Mmm." William hummed. "However, I'm more handsome than you, so it's still my win."

"Keep talking while you still have your tongue, brat."

"Did anyone tell you that you have bad breath?"

The two were about to clash again when Great Chief Evander clapped his hands to put a stop to young men who were very close to fighting inside the banquet hall.

"Since the two of you are going to fight, we will relocate to the Arena of Chivalry," Evander declared. "All the warriors of the Northern Region will witness this battle. Do your best and show us the might of the Hellan Kingdom and the Anaesha Dynasty."

Prince Aziel snorted and backed away. He returned to his table in a bad mood.

"Don't worry," William said as he patted Brianna's head. "I won't let him marry you."

William didn't wait for Brianna's reply and returned to his table. As soon as he arrived, Sir Jerkins dragged him to the side and talked to him in hushed whispers.

"Why did you do that?" Jerkins inquired. "We are already in a precarious situation. We might not even be able to leave this place if the Tribes have really allied with the Two Dynasties."

William patted the ambassador's shoulder, "It is because we are in this precarious situation that we must show our strength. If the warriors of the Northern Tribe recognize our valor, they will be less willing to put us under house arrest."

The Half-Elf gave the Ambassador a refreshing smile as glanced in the direction of the Second Prince of Anaesha. "Besides, wouldn't this be a good opportunity to kill a prince? Once he's dead, the Anaesha Dynasty and the Northern Tribes will end up in conflict. Isn't this a good thing for us?"

Sir Jerkins quieted down for a few seconds. He never expected the young boy in front of him to be resolute in taking down a Prince from the neighboring dynasty. After organizing his thoughts, he finally asked the most important question.  

"Can you beat him?"

William smiled, "I have no choice but to beat him. If I don't beat him, we will have no chance of leaving this place alive."

William didn't lie. Right now, they were deep inside the enemy's territory. The only way for them to survive was to create as much chaos as possible and break the Tri-Party Alliance that had been formed between the Two Dynasties and the Northern Tribe of the Kyrintor Mountains.


Chapter 248

The feast ended abruptly as everyone headed towards the Arena of Chivalry. This was a giant pit located in the Third Peak of Chivalry where duels were held.

The arena was half a kilometer long, and felt very ancient. There was a carved statue of a humanoid goat with wings that towered over the far end of the arena. William assumed that this was the image of the Sovereign of the Kyrintor Mountains that the tribes worship.

The Half-Elf had changed attire and wore a white and red robe with a hood. Currently, William was not using the hood so it lay harmlessly on the back of his neck. He was holding the wooden staff in his hand and stood in the center of the arena. 

Aziel was wearing a full set of black and gold light-weight armor. The Aenasha dynasty was a dynasty of warriors. They had very few magicians, but they had two Sword Saints among their ranks. They also had an Ant Queen Myriad Beast Guardian that ensured that their territory wouldn't be conquered by anyone.

The spectators stood along the sides of the huge pit and looked at the two warriors with interest. All of them disliked William and hoped that Prince Aziel would wipe the floor using the arrogant Half-Elf's face.

Sir Jerkins, and the other representatives of the Hellan Kingdom, had grim expressions on their faces as they watched the battle from above.

Briana, who was the "prize", sat beside her grandfather with her hands clasped together. It was as if she was praying to the Sovereign of the Kyrintor Mountains for William's victory.

The Crown Prince, Prince Alaric, and Princess Aila, sat beside each other as they, too, waited for the start of the battle. In the depths of Princess Aila's beautiful purple eyes, a rare feeling of admiration and envy welled up. She wasn't able to stop herself from giving Brianna a brief glance before shifting her attention back at the arena.

How the Princess wished that she was in Brianna's position. She also wished that a knight would appear out of nowhere and save her from her fated marriage. 

"Are both of you ready?" Great Chief Evander, who was seated on a High-Seat at the top of the cliff overlooking the arena, asked. 

"Ready," William answered. He took a fighting stance holding the staff in his hand and pointed its end in Prince Aziel's direction. 

Prince Aziel nodded his head and brought down his visor. He took a fighting stance and held his sword firmly in his hand.

Seeing that both fighters were raring to go. Great Chief Evander raised his hand and announced the start of the battle. 

"Fight for honor! Fight for Glory! May the best man win!" Great Chief Evander shouted. "Start!"

The warriors around the arena raised their weapons and shouted. 

""Ahoo! Ahoo! Ahoo!""

William locked his sights on Prince Aziel's body as the power of his passive skills boosted his stats. He had shifted to the Monk Job Class because it was currently the best Class to use during a battle. Not only that, the extra stat points it gave was a welcome addition to William whose powers were still sealed. 

----

Name: William Von Ainsworth

Race: Half-Elf

Health Points: 7,500 / 7,500

Mana: < Disabled >

Job Class: Shepherd (Lvl 30)

Sub Class: Monk (Max)

< Strength: 55 (+45) >

< Agility: 50 (+20) > 

< Vitality: 30 (+35) >

< Intelligence: 60 (+20)>

< Dexterity: 45 (+50) >

Titles: 

< Giant Slayer >

< Friendzoned >

< Domain Master >

-----

Both fighters took a step forward and charged at each other. Prince Aziel suddenly increased his speed and instantly appeared five meters in front of William. The Second Prince was known for his uncanny ability to easily unleash a flurry of sword strikes that rendered his opponent in a helpless state.

He was using a long, silver, saber sword that was slightly longer, and bigger than the normal saber sword. Although it looked heavy from an outsider's perspective, for the Prince, it was as light as a feather because it was a soul bound weapon that was especially made for him by the Grandmaster Blacksmith of their Dynasty.

It was a sword that could easily slice through steel armor, as if it was made from tofu. 

Prince Aizel sneered in his heart. His plan was to cut the Half-Elf's arms off before torturing him. He would mutilate William's face until even his family wouldn't be able to recognize him anymore. After that, he would chain him up and bring him back to the Palace and have him live as a chained dog for the rest of his life.

The sword blade blurred as the strike reached its designated target.

William raised his staff in an attempt to block it which made the smile on Prince Aizel's face widen. He disdained the Half-Elf for even attempting to use a useless staff to block his sword. He looked forward to seeing his "future" slave's expression when the weapon in his hands was cut into pieces.

Unfortunately, what happened next made the smile on Prince Aziel's face stiffen. 

The staff that he had thought would be cut in half successfully blocked his attack and was even about to fall on top of his head!

The Prince hurriedly jumped to the side to dodge the unexpected counter attack from his opponent. However, William was hot on his heels. 

"Relentless Dragon Rush!" William roared as he sent a flurry of thrusts aimed at Prince Aziel's head, neck, chest, eyes, and shoulders.

The Prince hurriedly parried the attacks he could, and dodged the others. Prince Aziel took several steps back in order to gain distance from the opponent that he had only considered to be a fool for challenging him in a duel.

Forced into a corner, Prince Aziel shouted and released his Sword Aura. The sword in his hand extended and turned into a Giant Silver Snake that forced William to stop his assault.

After finally taking a breather, Prince Aziel's face within his helmet reddened in anger and shame. For him to be forced to use his Sword Aura and Intent first made his killing intent explode from his body.

"I'll kill you!" Prince Aziel roared and thrust forward.

The Giant Silver Snake hissed and charged towards William with rage. 

This time, the situation was reversed. It was now William's time to retreat as the snake mercilessly hounded his heels. 

"Come, Soleil!" The ring on William's hand transformed into a golden spear. He had already stored his wooden staff and now held the spear firmly in his hands.

Right now, it was noon-time in the Kyrintor Mountains. Although the temperature was freezing, the sun shone in the sky like a King watching gladiators battle to entertain him. The spear in William's hand started to get warm, which caused steam to rise from its handle and blade tip. 

William channeled his Aura into his weapon before throwing it towards the sky. Everyone was dumbfounded by the Half-Elf's move because they couldn't understand the logic behind his actions. Even William's comrades were caught by surprise by their Commander's antics.

Wendy's hands were clasped together over her chest as she observed the person she liked. She had faith in William and trusted him completely. The beautiful girl knew that her Commander was not someone who did things arbitrarily. She knew that there was a hidden meaning behind his action that would allow him to win the duel.

After throwing Soleil towards the sky, William summoned his bow and quiver. He immediately nocked an arrow on his bow and aimed it in Prince Aizel's direction. 

"Lightning God War Art, Eighth Form," William said. "Exterminate, Khryselakatos!"

The tip of the adamantium arrow glistened in an eerie green glow before it was released from the bow. It flew towards the Prince leaving a trail of green mist behind it. Halfway through its journey, the arrow multiplied into over a hundred replicas. 

Prince Aziel immediately made a blocking gesture which made the Giant Silver Snake stand in front of him. A few seconds later, a pained shriek resounded in the arena as the Adamantium arrows embedded themselves into the Silver Snake's body. 

Green smoke rose up from the arrow heads which formed a green poisonous cloud that enveloped the Giant Snake's body.

Prince Aziel hurriedly dropped the sword in his hand and ran away from the poisonous cloud. As a member of the Royal family, he was well versed in using poison, because it was the most effective way to eliminate his opposition. 

His instinct told him that the poison was very potent, so he didn't hesitate to drop his weapon to retreat. 

Unfortunately, William's Lightning God War Art lasted for a full minute and the Half-Elf had sent another barrage of poisonous arrows in his direction. 

Out of desperation, Prince Aziel raised the Onyx Medallion, that he had given Great Chief Evander before, in order to save his life. 

"Heed my call and come to my aid!" Prince Aziel shouted. "Come forth! Blood-Eyed Torment Ant Soldiers!"

The Onyx Medallion shone and three two-meter-tall Ant Type Beasts emerged in front of Prince Aziel. 

The rain of arrows fell upon them, and the ants gave out pained cries as they were hit by the holy arrows that were coated in powerful poison. The ants fell on the ground twitching, but Prince Aziel paid them no mind. 

He summoned six more Blood-Eyed Torment Ants and ordered them to attack William. Once again, these ants died in William's hands, but Prince Aziel kept on summoning more. It was as if the medallion's ability to summon was unending.

Great Chief Evander looked at the Onyx Medallion in regret. If only William hadn't interfered with his plans, the medallion would have been his!

The Blood-Eyed Torment Ants Soldiers were only Grade D beasts, but they were numerous. After summoning over a hundred beasts, the effect of William's Lightning God War Art expired and he no longer shot any more arrows at his enemy.

Seeing that the Half-Elf had run out of steam, Prince Aziel laughed and raised the medallion once again. "Show him no mercy! I summon you, Grim Nightmare Ant Commander!"

A four-meter-tall silver ant with green eyes materialized in front of Prince Aziel. The Grim Nightmare Ant Commander's bloody red mandibles opened wide to let out an ear piercing shriek. It was its warcry and acknowledgement to its Master's command to kill the enemy in front of it.

William narrowed his eyes as his appraisal skill identified the latest goon that the Prince had summoned to end his life. 

-----

< Grim Nightmare Ant Commander >

-- Colony Commander

-- Threat Level: S (Mid)

-- Centennial Beast

-- Cannot be added to the herd.


Chapter 249

William wasn't able to read the rest of the information of the Centennial Beast in front of him because it gave him no time to do so.

After screeching, the Centennial Ant fired an acid spray in William's direction. The ground he was standing on a while ago melted into a puddle of acid. Since it was an AOE attack, William wasn't able to prevent himself from getting grazed by the acid on his shoulder and legs.

Fortunately, William had coated his body with his Aura, but he still suffered second degree burns from the acid spray. He was, afterall, fighting against a Centennial Beast that was way out of his league.  

------

Name: William Von Ainsworth

Race: Half-Elf

Health Points: 4,500 / 7,500

Mana: < Disabled >

------

'Just a graze and I received this much injury,' William thought as he distanced himself from the giant ant who was now running towards him. 'If that thing hits me directly, I'm doomed.'

Smoke rose from the injured area of William's body as he dodged the Ant's relentless attacks. Initially, he thought of attacking Prince Aziel, but the latter had summoned dozens of Blood-Eyed Torment Ant Soldiers to protect him.

The prince currently had a gloating expression on his face as he looked at the pitiful Half-Elf.

< Host, it is going to fire another Acid Spray! >

"Yin Yang Cauldron!" William shouted and a cauldron materialized in front of him. It enlarged itself and formed a shield in front of William. The Acid Spray landed on its surface, but the cauldron remained intact.  

Wendy and Amelia breathed a sigh of relief after seeing that William was safe. Their hearts were beating wildly inside their chests in anxiousness for the boy's safety.  

To William's surprise the cauldron even absorbed the acid spray and stored it inside its "storage space" meant for ingredients. The Half-Elf decided to use the acid to his advantage and ordered the cauldron to spray the acid back.

However, his target was not the Centennial Beast in front of him, but the Prince that had surrounded himself with soldier ants.

Aziel immediately ordered the ants around him to form a meat shield to protect him from the acid spray. The dozen of ants melted as soon as the acid landed on their bodies, but their mass was enough to protect the Prince who hid behind them.

"If one is not enough then have a couple more!" Aziel screamed in fury. "Hear my call! Grim Nightmare Ant Commanders!"

Two more Centennial Ants appeared in the arena. The combined pressure of the three Centennial Beasts made the warriors look at them solemnly.  

William still had a calm expression on his face, but that was because his consciousness was elsewhere. He had assigned the system to "temporarily control his body" while he negotiated with someone inside his Thousand Beast Domain.

"Hahaha! You stupid elf! You finally made your appearance!" Kasogonaga roared in anger. "How dare you trap me inside this domain. I will make you pay with your life!"

"Wait! Wait! Listen to me first!" William raised both of his hands in an attempt to pacify the enraged Demigod. "I came here because I have a proposal!"

"I will not negotiate with any elves! Die!"

"If I die, you will be trapped here for Eternity. Do you want that to happen?"

The rainbow-colored, two-meter-tall, curled-up Anteater, stopped in its tracks. It was about to ram itself on William's body, but the moment the elf mentioned being trapped for Eternity, it hurriedly stopped its attack.

"You dare to threaten this Demigod!" Kasogonaga shouted hatefully.  

"Just listen first, how about we make a deal? I promise that you will gain benefits from it."

"What deal?! Speak you wretched elf!"

William decided to come clean because he didn't have much time remaining. The system said that he could only take over his body for ten minutes max before the auto-pilot feature was disabled.  

"I am currently fighting three Centennial Ants…"

"Hahaha! Doesn't that mean that you're as good as dead? Good! You deserve to die a gruesome death."

"If I die, you will be trapped here for Eternity." William reminded the smug-faced Anteater, which made the latter immediately choke on its own laughter.

"The two of us started on the wrong foot, but let me tell you one thing," William said after taking a deep breath. "I am not an Elf. I am a Half-Elf."

"You're still Half an Elf!" The Kasogonaga didn't want to compromise.  

Although it knew that Half-Elves were also treated badly by the Elves, its long imprisonment made it hate anything that had an "Elf" attached to it.

"You hate the elves right? I mean, I also resent them to a certain extent because they forced my mother and I to be separated," William explained.

The Kasogonaga paused and looked at William with a serious expression. As a Demi-God, it had the power to see through all lies and deceit by mortals. No mortal on Hestia could lie to a Demi-God and think that they could get away with it.

William then hurriedly narrated the story about how his father saved the Silvermoon Continent and sacrificed himself to save the World Tree. However, some of the Elders of the Elven Council still hated William's father because he had made the Saintess his wife.

"Hmp! Even after thousands of years, those hypocrites are still hypocrites!" the Kasogonaga stomped the ground with its little foot in anger.  

"I'd like to tell you more, but I don't have much time left," William said anxiously. "Right now, I need your help. Please, help me."

The Kasogonaga pondered for a while before reluctantly noddings its head.  

"I will help you, but in return, you will allow me to use some of the High-Grade Magic Crystals you have stored inside your Domain."

"Deal!"

-----

Back in the Arena…

"It's time for you to die, you wretched slave!" Prince Aziel ordered the three Centennial Ants to corner William and end his life.

Right now, William's back leaned against the wall of the Arena. The three Centennial Beasts had him surrounded and there was no longer any place to run and evade.  

The three ants opened their mandibles wide and attacked William.  

Wendy and Amelia covered their eyes with their hands. They didn't want to see their Commander's gruesome death in the jaws of the Centennial Beasts.

Brianna, who was watching the battle, clenched her fists so hard that her nails had dug down into her palms, drawing blood.

Princess Aila, sighed internally as she averted her gaze. She knew that the battle was already at its end, and she didn't want to personally witness the death of a brave young man who only wanted to save the damsel in distress.

It was at that moment when a loud and arrogant voice echoed inside the arena.

"I'M ROLLING!"

A two-meter tall, rainbow-colored wrecking ball slammed on the face of one of the Centennial Ants. After hitting its target, it bounced towards the other Ant and hit its head as well. Naturally, it didn't end there and it hit the head of the remaining ant that had a look of surprise on its face.

Although the Kasogonaga was only a Class C Beast, it was still a Demigod and the "bane" of all ants. Its attacks, no matter how weak it was, would always give the maximum damage towards all kinds of ants which were its food.

The three Centennial Ants collapsed on the ground, shrieking in pain.  

The rainbow-colored Anteater, uncurled itself and a long, elongated tongue extended from its snout. The tongue wrapped around the body of one of the ants and pulled it towards the Anteater.

The Centennial Ant struggled helplessly but it was of no use. Faced with the bane of its existence, all of its attempts to break free were futile.  

"Nom nom."  

The ant was devoured by the smaller Anteater as if it was nothing. It was akin to a goldfish eating a baby shark, but the irony was, there was still room to spare in its stomach!

The stomach of the Kasogonaga was similar to a small blackhole. Any Ant type creatures would be instantly absorbed within that blackhole and they would be digested gradually over time.  

After seeing the demise of their comrade, the two Centennial Ants tried to escape, but the Kasogonaga was a step ahead of them. It wrapped the two ants with its tongue and devoured both of them at the same time.

Prince Aziel watched this scene in disbelief. Actually, he was not the only one. Everyone who was watching the battle had dumbfounded looks on their faces.

While everyone was still reeling from the shock, one of the Mithril Ranked warriors from the Anaesha Dynasty shouted.

"Prince! Above you!"

Prince Aziel hurriedly looked above him and saw another unbelievable sight.

William was holding a flaming spear in his hands that was over two meters long. His robes fluttered in the air as he raised the spear to strike.

"Bloom in the battlefield," William roared. "Fleur Du Soleil!"

The spear left a blazing trail in the sky as it streaked towards the horrified Prince that was frozen in place.  

Prince Aziel's vision was bathed in a golden light. That was the last thing he saw before his body, and ambitions, turned into ashes.


Chapter 250

A hot gust of air washed over the spectators that were watching the battle. The enchantment that was placed on the Arena of Chivalry had activated and prevented the roaring flames from going outside the confines of the Arena.

Jerkins clenched his fist as he exclaimed in both shock and happiness at William's firm stance when it came to killing the Second Prince.  

'Good job, boy! Good job!' Jerkins gritted his teeth as the blood boiled inside his body. He wished he could do the same and massacre the other representatives of the Aenasha Dynasty, but he was more of a scholar than a warrior.

The flames of Soleil rampaged as it tried to break free, but the powerful enchantments of the arena kept it in place. Soon, the flames subsided and only a golden spear, firmly embedded in the ground, could be seen where the Second Prince of the Anaesha Dynasty once stood.

Great Chief Evander, and the rest of the warriors, had solemn expressions on their faces as they looked at this scene. Their gazes shifted from the spear stuck in the ground to the boy that was slowly descending from the sky.

----

< Ding! >

< Hidden Quest Cleared! >

< Beat the Second Prince of the Aenasha Dynasty! >

< Reward: 1000 God Points >

-----

The red-headed boy was surprised when the series of notifications appeared on his status page. Although he wished that he would gain points in defeating Prince Aziel, he didn't expect that a hidden quest would be triggered after he successfully killed him.

William had no qualms in killing Prince Aziel because it was a scenario where either the Prince died, or he died. He wouldn't show mercy to his enemy, especially when that enemy was hell bent on killing him.  

William's hand was firmly gripping the feet of the Blood Eagle, whom he named Scadrez. The Half-Elf gave the Great Chief of the Northern Tribe a side-long glance before his feet touched the ground.

"Thank you, Scadrez," William said and the Blood Eagle screeched in reply.

It circled around its master once before disappearing into the air.

William extended his hand and Soleil flew back to him. He held the spear firmly in his grip as he walked towards the spot where the Prince had fallen. There, on the ground, was the Onyx Medallion that he had used to summon the Ant Warriors to fight by his side.

Surprisingly, the medallion hadn't melted and was still intact. William picked it up and was about to appraise it when a scream broke the solemn air of the Third Peak of Chivalry.

"Prince Aziel!" A panicked scream broke out from the representatives of the Aenasha Dynasty.  

The two Mithril Ranked Warriors jumped down into the arena and charged towards William. Both of their eyes were bloodshot because they didn't expect that their Second Prince would die in his fight against the Knight Commander of the Hellan Kingdom.

They knew that they would be punished by the King when they returned to their domain, but they hoped that their punishment would be lessened if they presented the culprit to their Monarch.  

William didn't move and simply stared at the two approaching warriors in disdain. A mocking smile appeared on his lips as if taunting them for their stupidity.

The two warriors became more enraged and unsheathed their weapons when they were only twenty meters away from their target.  

They planned to cut off the boy's legs in order to prevent him from running away, so they could drag him back to their homeland and torture him for life.

The two warriors brandished their weapons at the same time, however, something unexpected happened.

When their weapons were merely a foot away from William's body, both warriors stopped in their tracks. Their expressions and gazes didn't change, but they had stopped completely. It was as if both of them were frozen in time, unable to deliver that disabling blow that would cripple the Half-Elf whose mocking smile widened even more.  

"The Wind may blow, but the Ice will never melt," William said softly. "Mortals who disobey this law… will only have one ending."

As if waiting for those very words to finish, both warriors turned into ice sculptures, to the surprise of all the foreign guests who thought that William would die under the two warrior's hands.

Only the Northern Tribe didn't bat an eye and remained indifferent to the fate of the two warriors that had dared to break one of their sacred laws.

William casually brandished Soleil and shattered the two ice sculptures. The Arena of Chivalry only allowed duels that both parties had agreed upon. Those who broke this rule would turn into ice sculptures and their fate would be at the mercy of the person whom they wished to harm.

Since William already knew the rules of the arena by heart, he acted firmly and destroyed the ice sculptures. He had no intention of negotiating with the representatives of the Aenasha Dynasty because both had already shown open hostility to each other.

The Second Princess, Valeria Sy Anaesha, looked on in horror as William made a cutting the neck gesture in her direction. The remaining guards hurriedly stood in front of the Princess and unsheathed their weapons. It was their way of protecting the last "VIP" of their Dynasty within the Kyrintor Mountains.

William ignored the soldiers as his eyes shifted towards the Great Chieftain's location. Half of his mission had been completed and it was time to finish the rest while he still had the strength to stand.

He ignored the pain that was coming from the acid burns on his body as his eyes locked on his target. William raised the spear in his hand and pointed it at the Second Warrior of the Tribe, Connal Zeke.

"When I saw Princess Aila, I fell in love with her at first sight," William said in a righteous tone. "Although I am younger than her by two years, I'm sure that she'll be more beautiful when I come of age. I've always wanted to marry a Princess, so this is an opportunity that I can't afford to miss."

Princess Aila, and the other people that were present on the Third Peak couldn't stop their lips from twitching. Just an hour ago, William declared that he "fell in love at first sight" when he saw Brianna. Now, he was saying the same thing.

All of them wanted to spit on him and ask. "Just how many times do you plan to 'fall in love at first sight?'"

Wendy, Amelia, and the rest of the members of William's Knight Order covered their faces as they looked away in embarrassment. For a brief moment, they wanted to pretend that they didn't know the shameless Half-Elf who had a smug expression on his face at this time.

Even Jerkins' usually calm facade broke apart and was forced to cover his mouth to prevent himself from laughing out loud.

"Commander William, why don't you stop here?" Great Chief Evander was forced to acknowledge William as one of the Knight Commanders of the Hellan Kingdom after he had shown his mettle against Prince Aziel and the Centennial Ants.

Although he didn't know the origin of that rainbow colored Anteater that appeared earlier, a beast that could single-handedly defeat, and devour, three Centennial Ants was no laughing matter.

"Today is the day that my son will choose his brides," Evander continued. "Since he has already chosen the princess as his main wife, it would be disrespectful for the guest to snatch her away, no?"

William smiled when he heard Evander's condescending words. Frankly, he felt like scum right now. But, he'd rather be a scum than a dead scum. As long as they were on the Third Peak of Chivalry, William could use the rules to his advantage. However, once they left this place… the advantage he had would disappear like the fleeting wind.

"So, you are saying that the Second Warrior of the Tribe refuses to accept my challenge?" William nodded his head. "Alright, I will accept your suggestion, but he has to change his title to the 'Second Coward of the Tribe'. I am very excited to share with my kingdom that the warriors of the Kyrintor Mountains are just a bunch of pus*ies."

William laughed out loud. It was a laughter filled with ridicule and contempt that irritated the ears of everyone that heard it, excluding the representatives of the Hellan Kingdom.

The Great Chief and the rest of the warriors glared at William hatefully, but the target of William's ridicule sat calmly on his seat as if he didn't hear the Half-Elf's mocking words.  

The Second Warrior calmly sipped his tea and let the mocking laughter wash over him like a passing breeze. He was not afraid to fight William, because as long as he was in his domain, he would be able to use the power of his bloodline to its limit.

The reason he was not saying and doing anything was because he was waiting for his father's decision. The Great Chief was his father and his words were law. Great Chief Evander had already told him subtly to remain seated and not say or do anything reckless.

As the Second Warrior, he wouldn't allow himself to be enraged by mere taunts. However, Connal didn't expect that William would also mock the warriors of the Northern Tribe.  

What he did went past the Northern Tribe's bottomline!

All the warriors roared in anger and brandished their weapons. If not for the laws of the Third Peak, they would have already swarmed the hateful Half-Elf and torn him to shreds.

"What's wrong? Are you guys angry?" William laughed. "Calm your tiddies, you bunch of Pus*sies! Come, this Sir is here! All of you can fight me at the same time. I'm not afraid of Pus*sies!"

The Crown Prince of the Zelan Dynasty, Alaric Sol Zelan, had a faint smile on his face as he looked at the Knight Commander of the Hellan Kingdom who was busy taunting the warriors of the Northern Tribe.  

Deep inside he was laughing heartily. He thought that coming to the Kyrintor Mountains would be a dull undertaking. He didn't expect that he would find "First-Class Entertainment" in this dull and frigid place.


Chapter 251

Great Chief Evander gripped the armchair in an attempt to prevent himself from killing the boy then and there. As the Great Chief of the Northern Tribes, he had to be the example for every warrior to follow.  

However, even he was finding it hard to keep his rage from rising to the surface. The boy's mouth was simply too obnoxious that he wanted to rip it apart so badly. Even so, he endured. There was a right time for everything, and now was not the right time.

"Is this the attitude of a Knight Commander?" Great Chief Evander asked. "I expected more from an official of the Hellan Kingdom."

William snorted before he gave his reply, "My attitude depends on who I am talking to. If I'm talking to dogs, there's no need to be polite. Why do I have to act respectful to mongrels who only know how to hide in these mountains? Even a grandma from my hometown has more balls than all of you combined."

Another round of roars reverberated across the Third Peak of the Chivalry as several of the warriors weren't able to stop themselves from jumping inside the arena. They would rather die than be insulted by the hateful Half-Elf who was stepping on their pride and dignity!

"Damn this boy!"

"His mouth is too evil!"

"Brothers, let me kill that bastard!"

"No! Let me kill him!"

"Even if I die, I will bring him to the afterlife with me!"

Seeing that everything was going South, Great Chief Evander was forced to stand and pacify his people.

"Stop! Don't listen to him! He's just provoking all of you!" Evander shouted. "Did you not see what happened earlier?! Do you want to die as well?!"

The warriors stopped after hearing their Great Chief's words, but soon, William's mocking laughter irritated their ears once again.

"Would you rather die as warriors? Or die as dogs?" William sneered. "Just take a good look at your Great Chief. He is just standing there while I call all of you cowards, dogs, and pus*ies. Do you know why he's not reprimanding me? I'll tell you why! It's because it's the truth!"

William raised his chin arrogantly. "What mighty warriors? Such audacity! If you really are as mighty as you say you are then why are you hiding here in the mountains like little rats? If you are as mighty as you say you are then why don't you challenge the Hellan Kingdom to war in a fair battle?"

William spat on the ground before sneering at Great Chief Evander. "Brave Warriors who only dare to fight when it was three against one? Just like now, I stand here alone, and yet all of you want to fight me at the same time, and you still have to ask why I call all of you pus*ies?"

The devilish Half-Elf pointed at Connal with a mocking expression.  

"Look at your leader! He is desperately hiding his second son under his skirt! Second Warrior? More like Second Pus*y."

William laughed one more time and his irritating laughter made all the warriors who heard it gnash their teeth in rage. After laughing, William raised his chin in an arrogant manner in order to continue his taunting.  

"Why don't we ask your God whether he thinks of you as warriors or not?" William then pointed his finger at the First Peak of Divinity that could be seen in the distance.  

The Warriors glanced at the direction of the First Peak and waited. They wanted their God to smite this irritating boy and turn him into an ice sculpture. That way they could place him as a permanent landmark in the Third Peak where everyone could spit on his face anytime!

William wasn't aware of what the warriors were thinking as he shouted with all of his might.  

"Sovereign that rules over the Kyrintor Mountains. If everything that I have said is false then punish me here and now! The warriors of the Kyrintor Mountains are not warriors but cowards! Mere dogs who are now wagging their tails at their new masters which are the Two Dynasties of the Southern Continent! Tell me! Am I wrong or not?!"

Everyone held their breaths as they waited for the response of the Demigod that ruled over the entirety of the Northern Region.  

There was no bolt of lightning, no peal of thunder, and not even a sound that came from the First Peak of Divinity. The deafening silence made the warriors' blood turn cold for they felt that their Sovereign's silence was its silent acknowledgement of William's claims.

William, who was the source of the commotion, had an arrogant look on his face, but deep inside he was feeling anxious. He didn't know what kind of being the Demigod was, or its stance towards the war that the Northern Tribes were planning to wage.  

Actually, William wanted to know if the Sovereign of the Kyrintor Mountains was also in cahoots with the Two Dynasties. This was more scary than having an army invade the Hellan Kingdom because fighting against a Demigod was no laughing matter.

The silence continued. William could have sworn that mere seconds had passed, but for him, it felt like hours. When five minutes passed and still no answer came from the First Peak, the warriors of the tribe looked at their Great Chieftain anxiously.  

Great Chief Evander felt cold. Not because of the warriors' stares, but the silence of their Sovereign. Its silence was more deafening than the war cries of all the warriors combined and it chilled his very soul.  

"See?" William said softly. "Even your God agrees with me. You are not warriors. All of you are just cowards who only know how to fight when it is advantageous to you."

William was about to say more when a shout reverberated in the air.

"Shut up! Shut your mouth!" Connal's bloodshot eyes stared at William as he rose from his seat. "You want to steal my bride? Fine! Let's fight! If you win you can have the princess, If I win you will take your words back!"

William chuckled. However, this chuckle seemed more deafening than his laughter earlier. He no longer needed to fight Connal because he had already achieved his goal. Now that the tribe thought that their "God" agreed with William's claims, their will to fight had also disappeared.  

Connal also knew that, if this continued, his family would no longer remain as the ruling family of the Northern Tribe. The reason Evander was called the Great Chief was because all the tribes acknowledged him. If this acknowledgement disappeared then a new Chief would take his place.

There were many who had wanted to replace Great Chief Evander for a long time, but they hadn't found a good reason to do so. Now, William presented them with an opportunity, an opportunity that they could use to finally end the Great Chief's reign over all the Tribes in the Kyrintor Mountain once and for all.

"Take my words back? Sorry, but not happening," William said. "Are you stupid? Even your Sovereign agreed with me. If I take it back, wouldn't the esteemed Excellency hit me with lightning bolts?"

It was at that moment when thunder roared in the heavens. The warriors who heard this knelt down on the ground because they clearly felt the Divinity that accompanied it. Their God had finally made Its presence known and it seemed to be siding with William once again.

Great Chief Evander's and Connal's faces turned deathly pale. They knew that now was a crucial time and they needed to turn the situation around before it was too late!

"Fine, you want my princess? Then I'll give her to you!" Connal shouted. "But in return, you will fight me in a duel! As per the laws of our domain! Do you dare accept my challenge?"

Connal didn't care anymore. All he wanted to do was end William's life in order to vent out the anger in his heart

"You're not qualified to fight me." William gave Connal the middle finger. At the start, he really wanted to fight Connal and make the Great Chief agree to his demands after he won the duel. However, the current situation was already good enough.  

He really didn't care about Princess Aila. Although he felt pity for her, and found her beautiful, she was just a stranger he had met for the first time. He had no obligation to help her.  

'This is the Fate of people that have chained themselves to the whim of their God,' William thought. 'As long as the God is on their side they are invincible, but the moment they lose Its favor, the Northern Tribes are merely castles made of sand that would easily crumble once the waves come to shore.'

On that day, on the Third Peak of Chivalry, the Great Chief, Evander Zeke, was forced to bow his head. His ambition for the Northern Tribes to march and conquer the Hellan Kingdom was put to an abrupt stop.

Cadell covered his face in regret. If only he had refused Sir Jerkins' proposal to travel with him to the Third Peak of Chivalry none of this would have happened. How he wished that he could turn back time and correct the mistake that he had made.

He would definitely kick William out of the mountains and ban him from setting foot in their domain for as long as he drew breath.


Chapter 252

"Well, that sure was something," Alaric, the Crown Prince of the Zelan Dynasty, said with a smile. "Aren't you happy? You don't have to marry a barbarian anymore."

Princess Aila, who was seated opposite him, had a calm expression on her face as she drank her tea. They were currently inside the tent where they stayed after arriving at the Third Peak of Chivalry.

William's appearance had put a stop to their plans to use the Northern Tribes as the hammer that would hit the Hellan Kingdom from behind, while the Two Dynasties faced them on the frontlines.

"Ah, right, your ex-husband candidate said that he's giving you to the Knight Commander of the Hellan Kingdom," Prince Alaric teased her half sister. "Do you want to go with him? I personally don't mind if you do that."

Princess Aila placed the teacup on the table before looking at her elder brother. "Surely you jest, Big Brother. Our father is going to attack the Hellan Kingdom soon, why should I stay behind enemy lines?"

"If you go back, you will definitely suffer. You also understand that, don't you?" Prince Alaric propped his chin up using his fist and smiled at his little sister. "Since your purpose for coming here was in vain, Father might get angry and marry you off to the son of the Minister of War that you hate so much."

Princess Aila's hands trembled as she thought about marrying the most notorious womanizer in their dynasty. That man was three years older than her and had the body size of a pig. The only reason why he was able to have his way was due to his father's influence.

The Second Princess would rather die than marry the bastard pig that had ruined the lives of countless women in the Zelan Dynasty.  

Princess Aila looked at her Big Brother and saw that the smile had disappeared from his face and was now replaced by a serious expression.  

"Aila, I cannot guarantee that I will be able to protect you if we return to the palace," Prince Alaric said. "Someone is whispering in Father's ears and is urging him to go to war. Right now, the Zelan Dynasty is not a safe place for you to stay."

"So you're telling me that the most dangerous place is the safest place, Big Brother?"

"That's right. Also, I can write a letter to that person and ask him to take care of you. In a way, that Knight Commander is a distant relative of mine."

"Distant relative?" Princess Aila asked in confusion. "What do you mean?"

The smile on Prince Alaric's face returned as he thought of the uncanny work of Fate that brought him to the Kyrintor Mountains and personally saw a distant cousin of his that was staying in the Hellan Kingdom.

"My grandmother and the Knight Commander's grandmother were twins. Lord Ainsworth fell in love with her when she went to the Hellan Kingdom to meet the previous King for a missionary mission." Alaric shared his story. "Back then, Lady Erza was the foreign ambassador for our dynasty.  

"The two of them hit it off pretty quickly and became lovers for a few years before finally deciding to settle down and marry. I'm sure that the esteemed Lord Ainsworth, who crushed all of Lady Erza's suitors back in the Zelan Dynasty, wouldn't mind this small favor of mine."

Princess Aila's eyes widened in surprise when she discovered this unbelievable backstory. Who would have thought that the current Crown Prince of a Dynasty, and the Knight Commander of the Hellan Kingdom were distant relatives?

"Big Brother, please, be honest with me," Princess Aila pleaded. "Is there really no chance of turning the situation around? I don't mind marrying a barbarian as long as our father will be happy. After all, this is for the sake of our homeland."

Prince Alaric shook his head, "Nothing will change even if you marry Connal. The Zeke family is in a precarious situation right now. Great Chief Evander might lose his position and, even if he remains as the Great Chief, the Northern Tribes expedition towards the South is over.  

"I don't see any value in marrying you off to a faction that can only stand on the sidelines while we wage war on the frontlines. Also, I am not too keen on this war. I feel like we are merely puppets being played by a puppeteer from behind. This leaves a very bad aftertaste in my mouth."

Prince Alaric had already discovered that there was an organization inside their domain that had been pushing for this war to happen. At first, they were only whispering in the ears of the Minister of War. Now, they were the advisors of the King. He found all of this very fishy and he didn't like it one bit.

The Crown Prince extended his hand and held Princess Aila's trembling hand in a firm grip. "Hide in the Hellan Kingdom for the time being. At least, that way, you will not be immediately married to that pig. Once we win the war, I will come and find you."

"And if we lose?" Princess Aila inquired. She was loyal to her homeland, but after seeing William's performance, she was having second guesses whether they would succeed in the upcoming war.

"If we lose then we lose," Prince Alaric said casually. "To be honest. I hope that we will lose this war. Maybe that is what Father needs to wake up from his delusions."

"Big Brother!"

"Listen, Aila, and listen well. Remember, there is no such thing as a free lunch. Everything has a price. I'm afraid that the price we paid for getting a share of the Hellan Kingdom was something that we will regret in the future."

Prince Alaric was an ambitious person, but he was not stupid and short sighted. War would cause many of their people to die. This was an inevitable thing. However, dying for a greater cause and dying as chess pieces were two different things.  

Prince Alaric would not mind dying for his homeland, but he would never accept dying as a pawn to help someone else achieve their goals.

'Once I return, I will get to the bottom of this,' Prince Alaric swore in his heart. 'Father, I hope that you know what you're doing.'

------

Meanwhile, somewhere on the Third Peak of Chivalry…

The Chiefs of each tribe were currently discussing important matters. The "Bride Selection Ceremony" had already become a farce, and the other Chiefs were no longer interested in presenting their young ladies to become Connal's brides.

The Second Warrior was put under house arrest by Great Chief Evander in order to prevent him from doing something stupid due to anger. Liam, the First Warrior, was currently guarding him and making sure that he stayed inside the main residence of the Great Chief.

Although none of the other Tribal Chiefs were telling Great Chief Evander to step down, they had already told him that they were not satisfied with his unilateral decision to cooperate and angering their God in the process.

Great Chief Evander cursed them in his heart because these same men were those who had supported him wholeheartedly when he told them that they would expand their territories by joining the Two Dynasties in a pincer attack.

He swore that after he managed to keep his position, he would ensure to deal with each and every one of them!

While they were in the middle of their talks, a beautiful lady, who seemed to be in her late twenties, suddenly appeared before them.  

The Great Chief and the Tribal Chiefs immediately knelt and bowed their heads to pay homage.  

""We greet you, Great Oracle!""

"Raise your heads."

All the men raised their heads and looked at the Holy Maiden that resided on the First Peak of Divinity. She was the one and only messenger of their God. Seeing her here right now could only mean one thing and that was…

"Did His Excellency say anything, Oh, Holy One?" Great Chief Evander asked. He was feeling very anxious right now because he was afraid that their God would punish him for his actions.  

"Yes, The Great One wants to talk to the… interesting boy who made all of you look like clowns in a circus. His Excellency is very, very, displeased right now. Ah, he also said that the new Great Chief of the Tribe will be chosen by the boy as well. But that will have to wait until the two of them have talked. Now, pass on my orders and escort him to the First Peak of Divinity. Don't keep His Excellency waiting."

After saying her words, she vanished and turned into an icy mist that flew towards the First Peak of Divinity.

The Tribal Chiefs glanced at each other before hurrying to find William. All of them were thinking the same thing. This was the opportunity that they were waiting for.

As long as they managed to make a good first impression on the boy, and agree to his demands, the position as the Great Chief of the Tribe was as good as theirs!

Great Chief Evander looked bitterly at the group of old men who had already had a head start. He never dreamed that he would have to curry for the favor of the same person who had brought him to his knees. Fortunately, there was one more card that he could play, and that was none other than pairing him with his granddaughter, Brianna.

Since the Half-Elf already "owned" her, he couldn't possibly return her like some used thing. This was the law of their domain.Even their God recognized it. He hoped that, with his granddaughter's help, he would be able to keep his position and ride out the storm that had befallen their family.


Chapter 253

"Is there something that you need, Lord William?" an old man with a crooked nose asked with a big smile on his face. "Our tribe is willing to accommodate your every command. You already have two beautiful wives by your side, but we could add more if you want to! Such a handsome and chivalrous young man like you will have no problem having a dozen wives!"

"Don't listen to him, Sir Wiliam," another old man, who had the same sturdy build as William's grandfather, James, said as he patted the boy's shoulder. "Our tribe produces the most beautiful and excellent fighters in the Northern Regions. If Lord William makes any number of them his wife then they would definitely give birth to handsome, and strong, warriors just like your grace."

"Nonsense! Our tribe has the most beautiful ladies!"

"Hah? You old crook, why don't you just kick the bucket already?  You're already this old and you're still playing matchmaker! Go home and just lay quietly to the side! Shoo!"

William was using all of his willpower to prevent his lips from twitching as over a dozen old men tried to ingratiate themselves to him. He was having some afternoon tea with Wendy and Amelia when this group suddenly barged inside their tent.

The Half-Elf thought that they were planning to fight him, but they did the opposite instead. The old men started to bribe him with beautiful wives and kept on calling him handsome, strong, chivalrous, manly, and many other positive things that made even the thick-skinned Half-Elf blush in embarrassment.

"Everyone, please calm down." William raised his hand in order to put a stop to the old men's bickering. "Can one of you, please, tell me the reason for your visit?"

The old man with a crooked nose smiled and nodded his head, "As expected of the handsome Knight Commander, you truly know how to cut to the chase. This old one's name is Alden, I am the Tribal Chief of the Cato Tribe. The reason why we are here is because the Great Oracle has invited you to go to the First Peak of Divinity to have a meeting with the Great One."

Cato bowed his head respectfully after referring to their God. "We of the Cato Tribe are willing to escort Lord William to the First Peak of Divinity and brave the dangers together! Even if we face a mountain of fire and a sea of knives, our Tribe will remain by your side until the bitter end!"

"Shameless!"

"You old fart! How dare you promote your tribe in front of Lord William."

"Oi, aren't you afraid that if you force yourself to look good, your crooked nose will straighten?"

"Alden, why don't you just sit down? Lord William, the Boman Tribe is willing to become your sword and spear to overcome the challenges together!"

The old men started to bicker with each other and spittle flew in the air. William frowned because this sudden change in the Tribe's stance caught him by surprise. A few hours ago all of them were glaring at him, now, all of them were acting as if he was their best friend!

"All of you stop talking!" A commanding tone immediately silenced the rowdy crowd who was so close in having a brawl.  

Great Chief Evander stepped forward and his intimidating presence made the other Tribal Chiefs unconsciously take a step back. Although his position was being challenged at the moment, that didn't change the fact that he was still the recognized Great Chieftain of the Allied Tribes.

Their long years of being subservient to him had penetrated deep inside their bones that it was hard for them to immediately shake off his hold over them.

Seeing that his deterrence still had some effect, Evander made his way towards William and passed the exact words that the Great Oracle had given him.

"You may bring anyone you want to the Great Peak of Divinity, but know that it will not be an easy climb," Evander explained. "Those who manage to reach the First Peak will gain great rewards. Those who fail will return here to the Third Peak of Chivalry. I know that the two of us have started off on the wrong foot and I have no plans to ingratiate myself to you.

"However, I would like to remind you that Brianna is already yours. What you do with her is up to you, but you cannot return her to the tribe. This is the law and since you have used the duel to fight for her hand, you'd better take responsibility or else, even if the Gods forgive you, I won't forgive you!"

William faced Great Chief Evander's glare fearlessly. He didn't deny the Great Chief's words because it was true. William had fought for Brianna's hand in the name of their God and he couldn't take those words back even if he wanted to.

However, there was a loophole in the law and that was William could either marry Briana, or marry her off to someone else. Since the Half-Elf knew that Brianna and Prince Ernest liked each other, he had already decided to play matchmaker between the two and have the adorable loli be recognized as the Youngest Prince's fiance.

William may not be the smartest Half-Elf in the world, but he understood what Great Chief Evander was trying to imply.  

'The two of us are already attached at our hips, if we fall, Brianna will also fall!'

This was Great Chief Evander's message, and William understood the logic behind it.

"Let's talk after I meet with your God," William replied. "As for Brianna, she already belongs to me. What I do with her is none of your business."

Great Chief Evander nodded his head. William's clear, light-green, eyes had already told him what he wanted to know. Deep inside, he was able to sigh in relief because there was still a chance to keep his position from getting snatched by the other Tribal Chiefs.

"By the way, what happens if I don't go to the First Peak?" William inquired.

Great Chief Evander and the rest of the Tribal Chiefs looked at William as if he was the most stupid person they had seen in their life. No one in the Kyrintor Mountains would dare disobey the decree that the Great One had passed down. But, the Half-Elf even dared to question what would happen if he didn't go. Wasn't this a very stupid thing to ask?

"I don't know what will happen if you don't go to the First Peak," Great Chief Evander admitted. "However, what I do know is that no one has defied the orders of our Sovereign since the tribes made the Kyrintor Mountains their home."

Great Chief Evander smiled evilly at William. "I'm also very curious, Knight Commander. I want to know what would happen to you if you dared to defy our God's decree?"

It was at that moment when all of them heard the consecutive roars of thunder across the mountain. It was like a loud laughter, but to William's Half-Elven ears, it sounded very ominous. Since his question had already been answered, there was no choice but to go to the First Peak and meet the God of the Kyrintor Mountains.

-----

William and his Knight Order made their journey towards the Peak of Divinity under the watchful eyes of the warriors of the Northern Tribe.  

Since none of them were invited, they couldn't accompany William on his journey. The greatest glory in their lifetime was to have the opportunity to meet their God at least once in their life. They envied William because it was very clear that their Sovereign looked at him kindly.

The moment William's party reached the Second Peak of Enlightenment, a powerful blizzard rained over them. Visibility was almost zero and they could only see a foot in front of their faces.

Suddenly, a strong gust of wind blew over them which scattered their formation. William reached out to hold Wendy's hand, but he was already too late. Wendy and the rest of his Knight Order were blown away by the wind and were nowhere to be found.  

"Wendy! Answer me!" William shouted as he tried to look for his comrades. "Amelia! Ian! Bruno! Brutus! Where are you guys?!"

William shouted over and over again, but only the howling of the wind answered him back. On the First peak of Divinity, Ella stood straight and looked down over her beloved. She then glanced at the humanoid goat that was kneeling beside her.

"Don't give him and his friends any special treatment," Ella ordered. "William is not a vase that will easily break."

The humanoid goat that was over three meters tall bowed its head in a respectful manner. The wings behind its back unfurled as it stood up. The Sovereign of the Mountains then glanced at the boy that was stranded inside the blizzard.  

He felt envious of him, but held no malice for the boy. Since he was the one chosen by their Goddess then it was only natural that he recognized him as well.

"As you wish, Lady Amaltheia," the Demigod replied. It then clenched its fist and allowed the Peak of Enlightenment to activate.  

The Peak of Enlightenment was a trial for the warriors of the Northern Tribe. If they successfully cleared it, they would be able to gain great rewards. Of course, if they didn't succeed, then they would have to pay a price as well.

Afterall, the Peak of Enlightenment followed one law and one law only, and that was the Law of Equivalent Exchange.


Chapter 254

"Fck!" William cursed as he found himself falling in what seemed to be a bottomless pit.  

Just a few minutes ago, he and his comrades were traversing the path to the Peak of Enlightenment when a blizzard suddenly appeared out of nowhere. Then a gust of wind blew everyone away from each other.  

William was about to look for his friends when the ground under his feet opened up and sucked him in, which brought him to his current predicament.

The boy did everything in his power to stop his fall, but it was all in vain. He couldn't communicate with his system and none of the artifacts in his possession was working. After struggling on what felt like hours, the boy finally gave up and ceased all activities.  

Just when he thought that he would keep on free-falling for all eternity, a light appeared below him and then… he fell face first on solid ground.

"Pei! Pei!" William spat the grass, and dirt, from his mouth as he hurriedly propped himself off the ground.  

He scanned his surroundings to see if there was any danger around him. The sun was about to set, leaving the sky with an orange glow. William frowned when he realized that he seemed to be in a flowerfield in the middle of nowhere.  

He was about to look behind him when he heard an "Eh" sound coming from his back.

William turned his head to look at the owner of the voice. His body stiffened when his gaze landed on a lady who seemed to be in her late teens. She had long black hair and her eyes were the same pair of eyes that made his heart skip a beat a lifetime ago.

The young lady, who was as beautiful as a painting, looked back at the boy that had suddenly appeared out of nowhere in shock. She had come here to admire the sunset, like she usually did everyday, and had never experienced something like this before.

However, for some reason, the heart inside her chest started to beat wildly. It was as if it was seeing an old friend that it hadn't seen for years.  

"B-Belle?" William stuttered.  

He could hear his own heartbeat as the emotions that laid dormant inside his heart started to resurface uncontrollably.  

"No. This must be a dream or an illusion," William muttered as his eyes focused on the girl in front of him. "That's right. This is just an illusion. How could this be real? I was on the Peak of Enlightenment when a blizzard happened..."

William did his best to calm his emotions. His brain was telling him that everything he was seeing was not real. However, his heart was telling him that this was reality.

While he was waging an inner battle with himself, the young lady stood up and looked at him in a guarded manner.

"Who are you? Why do you know my name?" Belle asked. "What are you doing on our property?"

William stopped his mumbling and stared at her. It was at that moment when he realized that he had missed her so much that even hearing her voice was making his heart ache.  

A tear fell, followed by another. Soon, more tears streamed down on William's face as the floodgates in his heart burst open. He, who had hardened his heart from the darkness of humanity, wasn't able to stop the flood of emotions that had accumulated for many years.  

William stared at Belle as if trying to burn her image in his soul. He didn't care anymore if this was a dream or an illusion. What was important was that she was here, right now.

Seeing that the younger boy was crying, the beautiful lady felt alarmed and hurriedly approached him.

"What's wrong? Are you hurt?" Belle asked. She then scanned William's body for injuries. "What's your name?"

William's lips trembled as he gave out his name. "My name is Will."

"Will? Your name is Will? What is your surname?"

"Ainsworth."

Belle pondered for a while before shaking her head.  

"Sorry, but I don't recall anyone in this town with that name," Belle replied. "However, don't worry. I will ask my servants to help you find your family later."

William had no recollection of what happened next. He felt light-headed and he couldn't think straight. All he knew was that Belle held his hand and took him back to her Villa so he could change his clothes.

"Did you buy this from a cosplay shop?" Belle asked. "This is very well made. Unfortunately, there is some damage here and there. From the looks of it, it seems to have been scorched by fire."

'Not fire, but acid,' William said internally as he put on the clothes that were lent to him by Belle. He had just finished taking a bath and changed into a set of clothes that belonged to Belle's younger brother who was studying in the city.

"I'll ask the maid to have this washed," Belle stated with a determined expression. "I'll also ask them to patch this up. Don't worry, Will. I'll make sure that this will become as good as new."

William could only nod his head and thank the over enthusiastic girl. This was the first time he had seen Belle act this animated. Back then, she would always have that distant and aloof expression on her face when she was in the academy.

"Those ears of yours look so real." Belle's eyes sparkled as she stared at William's ears. "Who is the character that you're portraying? Is he an anime or game character?"

William unconsciously touched his Half-Elven ears. Although they were not as pointy as that of an elf, they were still pointer than that of a normal human's.  

"Actually they are real," William said in a half teasing voice. "I am actually a Half-Elf."

"Yes, and I'm actually a fairy."

"But, you are a fairy."

"You're still young, but you sure know how to compliment the ladies." Belle smiled sweetly as she patted William's head.  

She didn't know why, but she felt very close to him--as if she had known him for a very long time. The moment her eyes saw him, she felt as if something that had been missing in her life had finally reappeared and it made her feel complete.  

"Can I touch them?" Belle asked.

William nodded. "Of course."

Belle's soft and delicate hands moved to touch William's ears. She kneaded them with her fingers while trying to find the hidden attachment that made the ears pointy. A minute later, she took back her hands and her expression became serious.

"No way…," Belle muttered. She then grabbed William's hands and looked straight in his eyes. "Are you really a Half-Elf? Like one of those characters in fantasy books? Can you use a bow? Can you use magic? Do you know Legolasse?"

Belle's barrage of questions made William chuckle. Since he couldn't access his system and artifacts, the Half-Elf thought that he was in some sort of dreamlike state. Because of this he was not afraid to hide that he was a real Half-Elf and answered all of Belle's questions.

The only thing he didn't reveal was his real identity. He was afraid that the moment he told Belle the truth, this dream of his would break into a thousand pieces.

-----

'Who is this girl?' Ella thought as she looked at the pool of water in front of her. 'Is this the world where William lived his past life?'

She was currently seated beside a spring, watching William and his trial. Ella was very curious because she had never seen this girl before. With a glance, she could tell that William "loved" the girl. Like a mother appraising her future daughter-in-law, Ella's eyes narrowed as she observed the two's interaction in the spring.

"Well, she's not half bad," Ella said with a smile. A plan was brewing inside her mind as she thought of her beloved. What she wanted was William's happiness. Since that was the case, she was willing to pull some strings in the background to make William's dreams come true.  


Chapter 255

"Are you for real?!" Belle exclaimed. "You're really a Half-Elf?!"

Belle couldn't believe that Will was the real deal. She only thought that the boy was one of those cosplayers that liked to go to conventions while portraying their favorite characters. Never in her wildest dreams did she think that she would meet a real, breathing, fantasy creature, in the flowerfield right outside their villa.

"Can you cast Magic?" Belle asked.

"I can't," William replied. "My powers are currently sealed."

"Then, can you tell me more about your world?"  

"It is a very long story, are you sure you want to hear it?"

"Definitely!"

Belle listened to William's tale. The boy said that he was born in the Elven Continent then taken to a town called Lont and was raised by my relatives and a goat named Ella. William also told her about the exciting battles against Magical Beasts and the people he met along the road to the temple.

"I think Est and Ian are traps," Belle said. "Either that or both of them are girls in disguise."

"Est and Ian are girls?" William snorted. "Impossible. I've been around them for a long time. Do you really think that I can't differentiate between a boy and a girl? Especially that snot-nosed pansy. If he was really a girl, I'd spell my name backwards!"

"Haven't you heard about women's intuition?" Belle smiled mischievously. "Most of the time I'm right, and this is one of those occasions when I think that I am right."

"Something is off with your intuition then."

"How mean…"

William was about to continue the story when they were interrupted by Belle's maidservants. It was time for dinner, and the Head Maid had ordered them to bring the food inside Belle's room because she seemed to be having a good time with their guest.  

Although she didn't know where William had come from, the Head Maid was a good judge of character. This was also the first time that she had seen their Young Lady so happy that she didn't dare to destroy it. She had been depressed for a long time after the operation, her Father decided to let her spend some time in the Villa to recover.

He was hoping that the lush scenery and the fresh air of the countryside would improve her mood.

After the two finished their dinner, Belle told William more of her observations.

"This girl Wendy is really in love with you," Belle said like an expert in romantic relationships. "You better treat her well. However, your Ex-Roommate Kenneth, isn't this like one of those soap operas when a girl pretends to be a guy to be near the guy she likes?"

"... You sure have a wild imagination," William replied. "You watched too many dramas."

"Oh? You know about dramas? Does your world have any modern technology? Based on what you said earlier, I thought that it was a pure fantasy world. Is it Sci-Fi? Do you have spaceships? Interstellar travel?"

"Forget about what I said about dramas… My world is pure fantasy."

The Half-Elf scratched his cheek as if reprimanding himself for saying something unnecessary. Belle just smiled and didn't pry any further. She felt that Will was hiding a few things from her, but it didn't matter. She was not the kind of lady who would force people to tell her their secrets.

"Still, you should pay extra attention to Est, and Ian," Belle insisted. "As for Kenneth, he's still fifty-fifty. He could be a trap or a real girl in disguise."

"Okay," William replied half-heartedly.  

Belle knew that the boy was only agreeing on the surface, but he had no intention to find out whether her conjectures were true or not.

"You know, something is bothering me." Belle leaned her back on the chair she was sitting on.

"And that is?" William asked.

"You have many bride candidates around you. Let's not talk about the unconfirmed Est, Ian, and Kenneth. Rebecca, Wendy, Amelia, and even that little girl Brianna. But, are you planning to become a Harem Protagonist?"

Belle's gaze locked on at William. For a brief moment, William thought that the girl was looking at him like he was some kind of scum.

"You know, harem protagonists are the worst," Belle added without mercy. "How can they have so many girls? Isn't that being unfaithful? Neh~ tell me, are you planning to have a harem?"

The Half-Elf coughed lightly as his eyes wandered around the room. Clearly, he didn't want to answer this touchy subject.

"Will, I know that polygamy is not banned in your world. However, you must promise me that you will not go after girls willy nilly and not care about their feelings at all," Belle said with a serious expression. "If you do that I will cross between worlds and pull on your ears until they detach. Do I make myself clear?"

"...Yes." William lowered his head.

His dejected expression made Bella's expression soften. She didn't want to admit it, but she felt a little irritated when the handsome boy mentioned the names of the girls around him.  

'Why am I feeling this way?' Belle thought. 'Is it because Will is the only boy I have interacted with aside from William? Their names are very similar as well.'

When Belle thought of the sickly boy that would often steal glances of her while she was in the Archery Club, she wasn't able to stop herself from feeling sad.  

William noticed the sudden change in her mood and thought that it was due to him being a "harem protagonist" he immediately stood up and held her hand and looked into her eyes.

"Belle, I am not someone who takes relationships lightly. Please, believe me." William said with a serious expression on his face.

For a brief moment, the sickly boy's face in her memories overlapped with William until the two of them became one.  

"Belle?" William asked. "What's wrong? Are you not feeling well?"

"I-I'm fine," Belle replied as her hand unconsciously gripped William's hand. "It's already late. We can continue our talks tomorrow. Since you have no place to go, you can stay in this residence until we figure out a way to send you back."

Belle didn't know how or why the Half-Elf suddenly appeared in her world. However, one thing was certain, she wanted to know more about the red-headed boy in front of her.  

"You don't have to worry about that," William replied. "I think I will return to my world after three days' time."

"Three days?" Belle asked in surprise. "How do you know that you will return in three days?"

"I just know. Call it a Half-Elf's intuition."

"That thing actually exists?"

"Yes," William replied as he looked at the ticking counter that had suddenly appeared on his status screen.  

< 71: 57: 06 >

The timer had suddenly appeared after Belle's change in expression. William didn't know what triggered the timer, but he felt half happy, and sad, at the sudden development. Happy because he knew that after the timer ended, he would be sent back to Hestia. Sad, because it will also marked the end for his brief encounter with the girl that he had loved a lifetime ago.


Chapter 256

The next day, William and Belle spent the day walking around the countryside. Before they left the house, Belle made William wear an eyepatch and a pirate hat that she had unearthed from the attic.  

To top it off, she even found her little brother's pirate costume that he once used during a school play. She intended to hide William's identity by making him cosplay.  

Naturally, Belle also decided to join him and asked the maids to remodel a set of her clothes to resemble a pirate costume. William found this quite interesting and agreed to Belle's proposal. With his "disguise" the two was able to spend the day walking hand in hand around town.

William noticed that stalls were being built along the way leading towards the temple of the town. There were also decorations being hung around the main plaza which gave off a very festive vibe in the air.

"Is there some sort of festival going on?" William asked as they passed through the stalls that were being arranged side by side.

"Have you heard of the Star Festival?" Belle asked. "In our world, there is a story about a shepherd who tended goats and a Celestial maiden that weaves beautiful dresses. The two fell in love with each other, and the Gods bestowed upon them their blessings. However, their story didn't end with a 'Happily Ever After'.

"Due to their intense love for each other, both of them neglected their duties. The Celestial Maiden stopped weaving, and the Shepherd stopped tending his herd. The Gods became angry and separated the two of them from each other."

William continued walking, but the hand that held Belle's tightened. Of course, he knew about the story of the star crossed lovers. After the two were separated the Gods took pity on both of them and allowed them to meet once a year.

Every year, on that same day, the two would spend a day in each other's embrace. When the day was over, the two of them would once again be separated for another year until the fated day when they would be reunited again.

Back then, William didn't think much about this tradition because he couldn't relate to it. Now, it all sounded like it was a tailor made festival just for him.

"Do you know how to weave clothes?" William asked as he looked up at the taller girl walking beside him.  

"No. I'm not good with needles," Belle replied. "But I am good at archery. Why don't we have an archery match tomorrow? You said you're also proficient with the bow, right?"

"Sure. I'll give you a handicap."

"Just because you are a Half-Elf you think you can beat me in archery? Remember, William, I am five years older than you."

"... You forget that I'm a Half-Elf. What makes you think that you're older than me?"

"How can you be older than me?" Belle patted William's head. "Look at you, you're so small."

"..."

William wanted to retort, but Belle's soft hand, that was patting his head, felt so comfortable that he decided that it was not worth it. He only had a few days to spend with her, and he wished to make every second count.

Even though William wished that he could stop time and let this moment last forever, he knew that it was not possible.  

Just like the sands falling down in an hourglass, two and a half days passed like a fleeting dream.

The day of the festival arrived and William accompanied Belle to the temple. It was currently five in the afternoon and the two were checking all the stalls along the way to the temple.  

William felt his heart aching with every minute that passed. He wasn't able to stop himself from checking the timer on his status page every now and then to see what little time he had remaining.

< 04: 59: 09 >

'I will return to my world at ten oclock,' William thought with a sigh. Although he was feeling depressed, he kept a smile plastered on his face.  

"Oh! What a cute couple," a charming voice called out to William and Belle as they walked past a stall. "Young man, why don't you buy your girlfriend an accessory to commemorate this special occasion?"

William and Belle glanced at each other before walking towards the stall of the lady who was wearing a veil on her face.  

For some reason, the lady's stall reminded William of the stalls found in the Temple of Ten Thousand Gods. The place where the Gods gave contracts to people whom they deemed worthy to enter the Temple's doors.  

"Take a good look at these accessories," the sales lady said enthusiastically. "I guarantee that all of them are high-quality items."

Belle's eyes sparkled because all the accessories were very beautiful and well made. As a young lady from a rich and influential family, she could easily tell that they were genuine and not fake accessories. Because of this, she also knew that they were very expensive.

"How much is this?" William pointed at a golden necklace with a blue jewel embedded at its center.  

"That would be 40 Million," the saleslady answered. "I'm willing to give you a discount and sell it to you for 38 Million."

William's hand that was about to touch the necklace immediately retreated. "What? This is 40 Million?!"

"Yes."

"Why are you selling expensive things at a stall and not a jewelry store? Aren't you afraid that people might steal them from you?"

"Don't worry young man. Anyone who dares to steal from me will not have a good ending." the sales lady patted her chest with confidence. "I guarantee this on my name."

"What is your name?"

"Freya"

"..." William rubbed his face. He thought that the lady was either making fun of him, or thought of him as a gullible child who didn't know who Freya was. He had also read Norse Mythology during his free time, and Freya was the Goddess of Love, Beauty, Fertility, War, and Death.  

However, among the many attachments to her name, everyone agreed that her main role was the Goddess of Love and Beauty.  

While William and the saleslady were chatting, Belle's gaze unconsciously landed on a silver ring. There was nothing special about the ring. It was just a plain silver ring without any decorations, and yet, it held a very strong attraction to her.

"How much is this Silver Ring?" Belle inquired.

The lips of the sales lady behind the veil curled up into a smile. If William and Belle were to see it, they would immediately be charmed by how beautiful her smile was.  

"You have good eyes, young lady," the saleslady said with an approving tone. "This silver ring is part of a pair. The name of this ring is called the 'Ring of Vega' and its counterpart the 'Ring of Altair'.  

"Legend has it that if two people were to exchange and wear these rings, no matter how far away they are from each other, they would eventually be reunited. Just like the legend of the Star Crossed Lovers."

William looked at the Silver Ring and felt his heart skip a beat. Although he knew that the sales lady was merely saying these things to make a sale, the promise to be able to be reunited once again resonated with his heart and soul.

"How much is it?" William asked.

"You can't buy this with money, young man," the sales lady said in a teasing tone.  

"Then how?" William inquired. "Since it is in this stall, it means that you intend to sell it right?"

The sales lady nodded and picked up the Silver Ring.  

"Young man, the price of this ring is a promise," the sales lady said. "I will sell it to you if you promise me one thing."

"A promise?"

"Yes, a promise."

"What kind of promise?" William asked.  

"Since this ring represents love, the promise you must fulfill is also one of love," the saleslady replied. "You will be unable to refuse this promise. No matter what happens, you will do it, regardless of the price you have to pay. Can you make this promise?"


Chapter 257

William frowned. A voice inside his head was telling him that he shouldn't underestimate the sales lady's words.  

Belle, who was standing beside William, grabbed his arm and pulled him away from the stall. The black-haired beauty half-dragged William towards the temple without saying a word.

The saleslady watched the two of them with a smile hidden under her veil. She had already given William a choice, whether he accepted it or not, was his own choice.

As William and Belle walked towards the stairs of the temple, a gentle breeze blew and whispered something in William's ears.  

"Star-crossed lovers, heartache and regret. When I look in your eyes, I wish that we had never met."  

-----

< 3: 55: 42 >

-----

After the incident at the stall, the two wandered around the temple before offering their prayer to the Deity that was said to be the patron of the temple.  

Ironically, the Deity of the temple was said to be the Deity of Love and Reunions. As someone who had met real Gods and Deities, William closed his eyes and clasped his hands together.  

He prayed…

He prayed with all his might to allow him to spend more time with Belle.

He poured out his heart in his prayer, hoping that his words would reach the Patron Deity that governed over Love and Reunions.

Belle had finished her prayer and looked sideways at the handsome Half-Elf that had been with her for the past two and a half days.  

William had told her that he would return to his world at exactly ten in the evening. Belle had only spent such a short time with him, but something deep inside her wanted to hold onto him and never let go.

And she did just that.  

While William was praying, she hugged him from behind. At first, William was surprised, but he once again closed his eyes and resumed his prayer. Belle was two heads taller than William, and if one was to look at them from the side, they would think that the two of them were brother and sister.

Finally, William finished his prayer. As if both of them had an agreement, they walked away from the crowd and looked for a place where the two of them could be alone together.

"According to the staff, there will also be a firework display," Belle said as she sat beside William.

The two of them went to a small clearing that was located at the back of the temple. William looked up at the countless stars in the sky. These were the stars that he had not seen for many years. They looked both familiar and foreign to him.

"The stars here are different," William said softly.  

"Will," Belle said as she held his hand. "Why don't you just stay here? Stay here with me? I will look after you and make sure that you don't suffer. You don't need to fight anymore. Just, be with me. Please?"

William gazed at her eyes and felt his heart waver.

He was very tempted to say "Yes. I will stay with you".

But each time he tried to say those words, the faces of several people flashed inside his head. They were the faces of the people that were important to him, who were on the "other side" where Belle didn't belong.

A place where the Shepherd goes to tend his sheep…

A place where the weaver couldn't hope to reach.  

"Can you hear it?" William held Belle's hand and placed it over his chest. "Can you feel it? This heart of mine yearns for you, and yet, I can't say Yes to your proposal."

"Why?" Belle asked. "Why can't you just stay here with me? Here, where it is safe, and you don't need to risk your life to fight for a kingdom that might fall in the upcoming war?"

"Because they need me."

"I need you, too!"

Belle hugged William in a tight embrace. "I need you[,] too, William!"

William felt something wet fall on his head as Belle's body trembled.  

"You promised me," Belle said between sobs. "You said that the next time we met that you would never let me go. You promised me!"

William felt like a lump was stuck to his throat as Belle poured her feelings over him. He never mentioned who he really was, but for some reason, Belle was able to guess his true identity.

The Half-Elf wrapped his arms around Belle and held her tight.

"I wish to stay with you as well. I really do," William replied. He was doing his best not to let the tears in his eyes fall. "I'm sorry, Belle, but I can't stay here with you."

Belle felt her heart breaking as the emotions that she had held back for a long time exploded inside her chest. She begged William over and over, but his answer was still a no. In the end, Belle stood up and ran away with tears falling down her eyes, blurring her vision.

"William, you're a liar! I hate you!"

Those were her parting words as she ran away from the boy who had unknowingly crossed the multiverse just to see her again.

William watched her go and the tears that he had been holding back fell like rain. He wanted to run after her, but he didn't have the courage to do so. He just covered his eyes with his hands as his body trembled, fighting off the longing he held for her.  

Back then, he was not able to be with her because of his illness.

Now, he was unable to stay with her because he had a duty to fulfill.  

-----

< 00: 59: 59 >

< Ding! >

< Do you wish to remain in this world? >

< Yes / No >

William opened his eyes as he stared at the string of words that appeared on his status page. He was sure that when the timer reset, he would be sent back to his world. However, this time, a new option appeared.

'I can stay?' William was half in doubt when he saw the system message blinking in front of him. For a moment he thought he was imagining things, but after wiping the tears from his eyes, he realized that what he was seeing was real.

He didn't make a decision right away, instead he walked back to the Temple Shrine then down the stairs, until he reached the stall where the accessories were being sold.

"Looks like you've broken up with your girlfriend," the saleslady teased the boy who hadn't even bothered to wipe the tear stains from his face.

"You said that you will sell me the ring for a promise, right?" William asked.

The sales lady nodded. "As this ring represents the promise of love, I shall make a request as one who also loves. I wish to save the one I love.  

"If you promise me that in the future you will help me save him, I will give you the ring. He resides in your world, so if you choose to take this ring, you will have to return to your world. The choice is yours to make."

"Do you want me to write a contract or make an oath?" William inquired. "I will do it."

"There's no need for that," the lady chuckled in an almost musical tone. "I believe that you are someone who will not take back your word."

The sales lady took the silver ring from her collection and gave it to William.  

"Here you go," the saleslady said. "The Ring of Vega is yours."

"Thank you," William replied.

"No need to thank me, after all, it is not free." the sales lady patted the boy's head. "Go. Every second counts."

William nodded his head and left the Temple Grounds. He ran with all of his might towards Belle's Villa. He wanted to see her, to hold her, and tell her how much he loved her with the little time he had left.


Chapter 258

When William's back disappeared from view, the sales lady giggled as she leaned back on her chair.

"Looks like I won the bet, so what will you do, young lady?" the sales lady asked.

Belle walked out from behind the stall and looked in the direction where William ran. She bit her lip as she thought of the last words that she had said to him a while ago. She felt guilty and embarrassed because she tried to use William's promise to bind him to her.

The sales lady presented a small box to Belle and opened it.

"All I need as payment is a promise," the sales lady said. "The choice is yours to make."

-----

William stopped at the gate of the residence panting for breath. He had run all the way from the temple only to arrive as soon as he could. However, when he asked the guard if Belle had returned, the latter said that the Young Lady was still not inside the residence.

William didn't believe him and entered the house to look for Belle. It didn't take long for him to realize that the guard didn't lie to him and hurriedly went out to look for her.  

He ran back to the temple but the girl he was searching for wasn't there. William looked everywhere, but still couldn't find her. In the end, William walked dejectedly to the place where they first met.

-----

< 00: 14: 25 >

< Do you wish to remain in this world? >

< Yes / No >

----

William stood in the middle of the flowerfield as he looked at the stars in the sky. All it would take was for him to select "Yes", and the pain and suffering would end.  

However, he didn't do that. There were things that he couldn't leave behind. He couldn't be selfish. There were people who were waiting for his return.  

"I just want to see you one last time," William said softly.  

It was at that moment when something exploded in the sky and a beautiful golden flower appeared in the darkness. Soon, several more fireworks painted the darkness with an array of colors.  

William watched them silently. The fireworks display lasted for five minutes before coming to an end. The fleeting beauty disappeared and the sky once again was bathed in darkness.

Suddenly, a pair of slender arms hugged him from behind. William looked up to see a beautiful face right next to him.  

Belle lowered her head and planted a soft kiss on William's lips. When the kiss ended, William faced her and wrapped his arms around her. He then stood on tiptoe to kiss the girl he had loved for many years.

The two kissed, and kissed, and kissed until they ran out of breath.

-----

< 00: 07: 20 >

< Do you wish to remain in this world? >

< Yes / No >

----

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said those words to you," Belle said. "I was being selfish."

William buried his face on her chest and listened to her heartbeat. "Belle, I love you. Always have, always will. Now and forever."

Belle hugged him and kissed his head lovingly. "So you say, but you have so many girls waiting for you back in that Fantasy world of yours. I'm sure that you will forget about me soon."

"I will not," William said firmly. "For the past fourteen years of my life, I have always kept you in my heart."

Belle felt something warm spread on her chest when she heard that William had always kept her in his heart, even though he was living a new life in another world.  

"You know it's funny," Belle said as she brushed William's head. "You spent fourteen years in that world, while here, only a year has passed. Well, I'm not going to complain. At least you didn't find an old hag when you returned. That would be the worst."

William reluctantly pulled back from Belle's warmth and softness and looked straight into her eyes. He then took out a ring from his pocket and gently placed it on her ring finger.

"Belle, for me, You are the beginning of a letter, the contents of a poem, the ending of a Fairytale," William said after he finished putting the ring on Belle's finger. "I don't know what the future holds, but I will do my best to find you."

Once again, William rose on tiptoe to kiss the woman he loved. He couldn't get enough of kissing her and wished that he had more time. If he could only pause the annoying timer on his status page he would have paid 1 Million God Points to do it!

After their short, love-filled kiss ended, Belle took out a ring from her own pocket and placed it on William's ring finger.

William's eyes widened in shock as he looked at the ring on his finger. He then looked at Belle anxiously because he understood the meaning of her gesture.  

"Don't worry, it's not as bad as you think." Belle ruffled William's hair. "Do your best to find me because if you can't do that, I will have no choice but to find you."

------

< 00: 03: 48 >

< Do you wish to remain in this world? >

< Yes / No >

------

"Let us make some ground rules before you return to your world," Belle said with a serious expression. "If you marry dozens of wives I will castrate you."

"Okay," William replied. "I didn't intend to have dozens of wives in the first place."

"You can marry nine people. Whether they are wives or concubines, I don't care. However, you are not allowed to have more than nine." Belle stated. "If you surpass that number, you'd better not show yourself to me, or I'll make sure to fight you to the death. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes ma'am," William nodded his head like a henpecked husband. "But, why does the number amount to nine?"

"Because it is the… nevermind! Just make sure that you don't surpass that number, or I will hate you for life!"

"Okay. I promise."

------

< 00: 01: 53 >

< Do you wish to remain in this world? >

< Yes / No >

------

"You don't have much time left," Belle cupped William's face. "Let's not waste it."

"Mmm." William agreed with her wholeheartedly as he raised his head.

Their lips once again pressed against each other as they savored their last kiss together.  

----

< 00: 00: 36 >

< 00: 00: 15 >

< 00: 00: 08 >

< 00: 00: 03 >

< 00: 00: 00 >

------

"I love you, Belle."

"I love you too, Will."

"See you later."

"See you soon. Also, that girl, Wendy. Treat her well."

"I will. I promise."

William's body glowed and slowly turned into particles of light. The light flew towards the sky and bathed Belle with its golden light.  

When the light finally receded, Belle knelt on the ground and covered her face with her hands. Her pained sobs echoed in the quiet night, for her star-crossed lover was no longer in her sight.  


Chapter 259

William looked at the ring on his ring finger when the light around him receded. He could still feel Belle's warmth on his body, and the lingering sweetness of her kiss on his lips.

The red-headed boy stood there in a daze completely oblivious of his surroundings. It was as if he was trying to hold on to the memory of his star-crossed lover that was now far beyond his reach.

Suddenly, a light cough brought him out of his trance. William sighed and raised his head to look at the beautiful woman in front of him wearing priestess clothes.  

"Congratulations on passing the Trial of Enlightenment," The Oracle of the Peak of Divinity said with a smile. "Come with me, our Sovereign wants to have a chat with you."

William nodded his head and followed behind The Oracle. He wanted to meet the Demigod that governed the Kyrintor Mountains and personally thank him for the opportunity that was given to him.

The two walked for ten minutes before arriving at a white gate that was over ten meters tall. Several golden runes were written on its surface and they twinkled like the stars in the sky.  

The Oracle raised her hand and the gates swung open, William couldn't see what was inside the room because his sight was blocked by a white mist. Even so, he walked forward with steady steps and entered the room fearlessly.

He had only walked a few steps into the room when the gates closed behind him.  

"Over here, young shepherd," a confident and domineering voice called out to him.

William walked towards the voice with a calm expression.

Soon, the mist started to recede and he came face to face with a three-meter tall humanoid goat with its wings spread wide. A black, five-pointed star (pentacle) could be seen on its forehead and its golden eyes stared at William like it was appraising a rare species of animal.

William felt like the goat looked familiar because he had seen it somewhere before. He pondered for a while and his eyes widened in shock when he finally recognized that Demigod that was standing before him.

"Baphomet," William muttered as he unconsciously took a step back.

"Oh? You know my father?" The humanoid goat's gaze softened when he heard William mention his father's name. "I didn't know that he was popular in the Lower Realm. Even so, it's good to know that his name is not forgotten."

The goat unfurled his wings as he sat on the white throne behind him. He then propped the side of his face on his fist as he crossed his legs. To once again stare at the boy whom the Goddess has chosen.

"I already know your name, but it would be best if we introduced ourselves to each other like civilized beings," the Demigod said. "The Tribes of the Kyrintor Mountains call me the Great One, for I do not want them to know my real name. However, for you, I will make an exception. You may call me by my name, Takam."

-----

< Takam >  

-- The King of Goats

-- Demigod

-- Threat Level: Calamity (Low)

-- Can be added to the herd

-- Success Rate: .00000000000000000000001%

-- ?????

-- ?????

-- ?????

-- ?????

-- ?????

-----

Aside from the general information of the being in front of him, William wasn't able to know more about the Demigod that ruled over the tribes of the Northern Region.  

The red-headed boy pressed his fist over his chest and gave a brief bow, "William Von Ainsworth. It's an honor meeting you, Your Excellency."

A playful smile appeared on Takam's face as he made a gesture for William to come closer.

"I know you have many questions. Fortunately, I have all the time in the world to answer them all," Takam said with a smile. "It's very rare for me to have guests, so I'll give you the VIP treatment."

Takam snapped his finger and a small table, ladened with sweets, and tea appeared in front of William. With another snap of his finger, the boy found himself sitting on a chair and holding a cup of tea in his hand.

"Wet your throat first," Takam said in a teasing tone. "You must be feeling very thirsty after kissing your girl until the last second."

William wanted to retort, but decided that it was not a good idea to argue with a Demigod. The latter was treating him as a guest, so it would be best if he just went with the flow for now.

The tea he drank tasted oddly familiar and William drank again to confirm his suspicions. He had tasted tea like this during the three days that he had stayed with Belle and it felt weird tasting it again here in Hestia.

"Although your old world is in the Lower Realm, it has many interesting things, especially this Leapton Ice Tea." Takam chuckled. "Fortunately, We were able to get this item in bulk given the small timeframe that we had."

William's ears perked up as he listened to the Demigod. He then placed the teacup on top of the table and looked at the Humanoid Goat sitting on the throne.

"Can I go back to Earth?" William asked. This was the most important question in his mind right now. If possible, he wanted to find a way to travel between worlds to be with Belle from time to time.

"No, is what I'd like to say, but since you already managed to get there once… I guess the possibility exists," Takam replied in a casual manner. "To be frank, even I was surprised when the Trial of Enlightenment sent you to the Lower Realms. The Trial was about testing one's resolve. If you had chosen to stay in your old world then you would have stayed there until your dying breath.

"William, do you know? A God doesn't have the power to send someone from the Higher Realm to the Lower Realm. Even if two Gods were to work together it would still be very hard, unless both of them are extremely powerful Gods."

William carefully listened to Takam's explanation as if he was afraid of missing a single word. He then thought that if one or two Gods can't do it, what about four? The images of the Four Gods who had a good relationship with William appeared on his head and wondered if they were the ones responsible for his reunion with Belle.

'I will properly thank them the next time we meet,' William swore in his heart.  

----

Back in the Ten Thousand Temple…

Lily: Was it you?

Gavin: No.

Lily and Gavin then stared at the two Gods that were playing a game of chess beside them.  

David: *Whistles*

Issei: *Whistles*

Lily, Gavin: …

-----

William took a deep breath then asked his second question.  

"What about my friends?" William inquired. "What happened to them?"

"Don't worry about them," Takam answered. "All of them have passed the trial and are now waiting for you at the Main Hall. This might be the first time that a group of people has succeeded in overcoming the Trial of Enlightenment at the same time."

William sighed in relief after knowing that his friends were safe. He then talked to Takam about the difficulties of the Hellan Kingdom and the reason why he came to the Kyrintor Mountains.  

Takam listened with a smile and waited for William to finish his explanation.

"I am already aware of your purpose for coming…." Takam rubbed his chin. "Sadly, I can't agree to your request."

"Why?" William asked.  

"Because this war is only the start of something more sinister and I need to preserve the strength of the Northern Tribes until the right moment arrives." Takam gazed in the distance as if looking past the white mists that surrounded them. "You don't have to worry about the Tribes stabbing you in the back, I will not allow that to happen. However, that also means that I can not offer you any assistance."

His expression didn't change, but William could tell that the Demigod had already made a decision. He would not get help from the Tribes during the war, but he was thankful that their planned invasion had come to a halt.

"You said that the war is only the start of something more sinister. What do you mean by that, Your Excellency?" William inquired.

"William."

"Your Excellency?"

"Survive the war first," Takam turned his head to look at the boy that he could easily pinch to oblivion if he felt like it. "Then and only then can you come to the North to ask for assistance. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes, Your Excellency."

"Let's meet again when the Sky Falls."

Those were the last words that William heard before his surroundings faded. His meeting with the Demigod had come to an end, but their talk only brought more questions than answers.

William was forced to put these matters aside for now because the Demi-God was right. He needed to survive the war first. As long as he was alive, there would be plenty of opportunities to find a way to be reunited with the beautiful lady that was waiting for him back on Earth.


Chapter 260

"Will!" Wendy ran towards William and gave him a hug. "Did you also pass the trial?"

"I did," William replied and he returned Wendy's hug. He was surprised that after meeting Belle, his feelings for Wendy hadn't changed. It meant that the straightforward girl had managed to worm herself inside William's heart and the latter had also recognized her as his lover candidate.  

'Belle said that I can have up to nine wives or concubines,' William thought. 'I guess I'll just cross that bridge when I get there.'

His gaze then landed on Ian and remembered Belle's warning about him.

"What are you looking at?" Ian asked. "You look creepy."

"Yep. It's impossible for this snot nosed pansy to be a girl," William muttered as he averted his gaze. 'Belle's intuition was wrong.'

The Oracle had already warned them that they should keep the contents of their own trials a secret. Although they could share it with other people, she advised against it. She said that if other people were to know the contents of the trial, they would not be able to set foot in the Northern Regions again.

Because of this, none of them asked each other what happened in their trials. They returned to the Peak of Chivalry because William still had loose ends to tie up. To his surprise, the representatives of the Anaesha Dynasty had already left, while the representatives of the Zelan Dynasty remained.

Sir Jerkins personally informed William that Crown Prince Alaric wanted to talk to him. Although he was surprised, William decided to meet with him after he settled the issue with the tribes.

"As you may already know, the Great One has appointed me to choose the next Great Chieftain of the Tribes," William said with a serious expression.

All the different Tribal Chiefs looked at him anxiously and waited for his next words.

"The Great One has also issued a decree," William continued his speech. "The Tribes will not participate in the war nor will they act as the reinforcements for the Hellan Kingdom. They are to stay in the Northern Regions until the war is over."

Some of the Tribal Chiefs sighed, while others nodded their heads. Most of them didn't want to participate in the war because it would only cause the death of many of their tribesmen. Although the regions of the North were harsh, they weren't lacking in anything.

"There's more, the nearest town of Stanmore will now fall under the jurisdiction of the Tribes," William said. "This will be the compensation of the Hellan Kingdom to the Tribes for not participating in the war."

Earlier, Sir Jerkins had told William that the King had told him that he could use the three towns near the Kyrintor Mountains as bargaining chips to gain the aid of the Allied Tribes. However, since the Demigod had forbidden them from joining the war, the bargaining chips became useless.

William knew that some of the Tribal Chiefs still had the notion of expansion, so he was willing to compromise and satisfy their itch. The Half-Elf told Jerkins that in order to prevent the tribes from joining the Tri-Party Alliance, they needed to sacrifice one of the towns on the border in order to appease them.

Jerkins readily agreed to William's suggestion because he was afraid that the tribes would really switch sides if they didn't give them some form of compensation.  

For the Ambassador, losing one border town was better than fighting on three fronts of the battlefield.  

Just like William expected, the Tribal Chiefs were quite happy with the new territory they had gained for free. Even Great Chief Evander gave William a nod of admiration for his ability to compromise.  

"Okay, now that is settled, we will talk about the position of the Great Chieftain of the Tribe." William gazed at the Tribal Chiefs and completely ignored Great Chief Evander, which made the latter's smile stiffen.  

"Four years," William held out four fingers in front of everyone seated in the Great Hall. "For four years Evander will remain in his position as the Great Chieftain of the Tribe. After that, all the Tribal Chiefs will vote if he should continue to stay as the Great Chieftain or if he should step down from the position.  

"If the Tribal Chiefs are going to ask Evander to step down after four years, each tribe needs to send one of their representatives to clear the trial of Enlightenment. The first person to clear the trial will become the next Great Chief of the Allied Tribes.  

"There will be no age restriction to the trial. Anyone can become the Great Chief, but only one representative per tribe is allowed to participate in the selection ceremony."

The Tribal Chieftains nodded their heads in agreement. They thought that the new system was good since it prevented anyone from holding the position of Great Chieftain for an indefinite span of time.

Great Chief Evander happily accepted the new system after confirming that members of his tribe could also participate in the selection ceremony. He knew that William had given him four years to remain as the Great Chieftain, so that Brianna wouldn't suffer.  

After he had settled the issues of the Tribes, William asked Sir Jerkins to invite the Crown Prince of the Zelan Dynasty to his quarters. He was very curious about what the "next king" of the neighboring dynasty wanted to say to him.  

It didn't take long before Prince Alaric came to William's tent to converse. He didn't come alone. Princess Aila, Connal's Ex-Bride Candidate, was with him as well.

The beautiful brother and sister pair sat opposite William and looked at him with calm expressions on their faces.

"When I came here to the Northern Regions, I thought that I would only be meeting with the leaders of the different tribes," Prince Alaric said with a smile. "I didn't expect that I would see a distant relative and witness his amazing battle prowess first hand."

"By relative, you mean me?" William asked in confusion. "You might be making a mistake, Your Highness."

"Well, if your Grandmother's name is not Erza then yes, I may be making a mistake," the Prince replied in a playful tone. "Tell me, Sir William, is Lady Erza not your grandmother?"

"She is," William replied.

"Great!" Prince Alaric clapped his hands. "Actually, your grandmother and my grandmother are twins. Lord James went to the Zelan Dynasty to personally ask her parents for her hand in marriage. Naturally, they didn't agree at the start and made things difficult for him."

Prince Alaric chuckled. "However, Lord James was able to beat all of Lady Erza's suitors, and finally gained the approval of her parents. She then went with your grandfather to the Hellan Kingdom and would just occasionally visit our domain whenever she felt homesick. Long story short, you and I are distant cousins since we share the same heritage."

"I see." William nodded his head in understanding. "So, what does your Highness need from me?"

Although he agreed on the surface, William didn't take the Prince's words to heart. He would have to consult with his grandfather first and confirm whether what the Prince had told him was true or not. Even so, he was still willing to hear what the Prince had to say since the latter had waited for him to return to the Third Peak of Chivalry.

"I want you to pass this letter to Lord James and also take my little sister, Princess Aila, to meet him," Alaric replied. "I know that this is an odd request from the Crown Prince of a Dynasty that is planning to wage war on your borders, but it is still something I need to do for the sake of my cute little sister. You can do this for me, right, Cousin?"

William frowned, but still nodded his head. "Is that all?"

"Yes, that is all." Prince Alaric smiled. "Perhaps, this is the last time we will meet in such an amicable manner. The next time we see each other will be on the battlefield. Until then, make sure that you stay alive, Cousin."

William returned Prince Alaric's smile but said nothing else. He then looked at the beautiful Princess who had been observing him since the moment she entered his tent.  

"I hope you don't mind living in the countryside, Your Highness," William said. "Because that is where you will be staying until the war is over."

"As long as there is food to eat, a bed to sleep on, and a roof over my head, I believe that I will be able to manage, Sir William," Aila replied. "I am looking forward to meeting the legendary Lord James who single-handedly defeated a hundred warriors when he asked for Lady Erza's hand in marriage."

Princess Aila smiled sweetly as she gazed at William's eyes that were as beautiful as sapphires. She wanted to know more about the Knight Commander who was wearing a slave collar on his neck.  

The Princess of the Zelan Dynasty knew that her brother was right. It would be safer to stay in the enemy's territory than return to their domain. Because if she did return to the Zelan Dynasty, all that was waiting for her was a life filled with regrets and misery.


Chapter 261

Inside the flying carriage, Wendy was seated on William's right, while Brianna was seated on his left.

The little Loli was looking starry-eyed at the scenery that she was seeing for the first time. After tying up the loose ends, William and his group, along with Sir Jerkins' entourage, left the Kyrintor Mountains. The two flying carriages flew side by side as they made their way back towards the Hellan Kingdom.

"Don't poke your head out too much, Brianna," William said helplessly. "You might fall out of the carriage window if you lean more than that."

"It's fine," Brianna replied while still gazing at the scenery under the flying carriage. "Big Brother is holding my waist, I'm not going anywhere."

"You're so troublesome." William sighed and the little loli just giggled in acknowledgement of his claims.

The Half-Elf then shifted his attention to the beautiful lady with light-purple hair and eyes that was seated in front of him.  

Aila, the Second Princess of the Zelan Dynasty, was also looking outside the carriage window. She had stayed in that pose ever since the flying carriage took off in the air. William wondered what her fate would have been if her marriage to Connal hadn't been interrupted.

As if sensing his gaze, Princess Aila turned her head to the side to look back at him.

"Is there something on my face, Lord William?" Aila asked.

"No," William replied. "I'm still not sure what Prince Alaric was thinking when he asked me to take you to see my grandfather."

"My Big Brother might seem easy going on the surface, but he is a worrywart at heart." Princess Aila closed her eyes as if trying to hold back the sadness in them. "He only wants the best for me, so he decided to ask a favor from you."

"I see…" William didn't pursue the topic because he felt like Princess Aila didn't want to continue the discussion.  

After a few hours, they finally arrived at the town where a teleport gate was stationed.  

William and Sir Jerkins had talked beforehand about their next course of action before parting ways. The ambassador was to return to the capital to inform the King about the result of their mission.

William, on the other hand, would first head to Lont and drop off Princess Aila before going back to the Royal Academy.  

To be honest, William was worried that Princess Aila was a spy sent by the Crown Prince to monitor their movements. He hoped that his grandfather would be able to supervise her and ensure that she didn't do anything stupid while she was staying in the Western edges of the Hellan Kingdom.

Two days had passed after they had left the Kyrintor mountains. It was around noon when they saw the familiar town of Lont appear before their eyes.  

Brianna suddenly screamed and grabbed William's arms while pointing outside the window of the carriage.

"T-There are Wyverns outside!" Brianna exclaimed. "They are heading in our direction!"

Princess Aila, who was meditating, suddenly opened her eyes and showed an anxious expression. There had been several Wyvern attacks in the Zelan Dynasty and the people there were very wary of Wyverns.

There was an occasion when her entourage was attacked by a Wyvern while visiting the towns near their borders. Since then, Princess Aila had been extra careful about not venturing into the territories where Wyverns were said to hunt.

"Don't worry," William patted the head of the anxious loli. "They are on our side."

"Huh?" Brianna looked back at William in confusion.  

A few seconds later, the Wyverns flew alongside the flying carriage as if they were guards protecting a VIP guest.  

It took Brianna a minute to realize that the Wyverns were indeed not there to harm them. She then poked her head out of the carriage to stare at these notorious beasts that were often called "Lesser Dragons" in their domain.

Princess Aila had also calmed down after her initial shock, but she didn't let her guard down. She just stared at the Wyvern's outside the window with a complicated gaze, as the carriage slowly descended from the sky.  

Dave guided Lionheart towards the Ainsworth Residence and landed fifty meters away from the main entrance.  

James, Mordred, Anna, Eve, and Helen were already standing in front of the entrance and waited for their guests to disembark from the carriage.

"I came to visit," William said with a smile. "It's good to see you again, Grandpa, Uncle, Auntie, Eve, and Aunt Helen."

"Will!" Eve immediately reached out to her "Big Brother".

William chuckled as he hurriedly picked up his adorable cousin and kissed her cheeks.

James smiled as he looked at the guests that William had brought along with him. He was already familiar with the others, but there were several new faces that he hadn't seen before namely Amelia and Princess Aila, who were both beautiful ladies.

The old man laughed as he patted William's shoulder. "You did well boy. Should I start preparing for a grand wedding ceremony?"

Before William could even give a retort to his shameless grandpa's words, Brianna hurriedly ran towards James and grabbed his hand.  

"Grandpa James, we meet again!" Brianna said with a big smile on her face. "Do you remember your promise? You said that you would give me a Wyvern the next time we saw each other."

"Brianna?" James almost didn't recognize the adorable girl that suddenly clung to him. "What are you doing here? Did your old man allow you to leave the mountain? Wait. Don't tell me... you ran away from home and hitched a ride?"

A mischievous smile appeared on Brianna's face as she gave William a side-long glance before returning her attention to James.

"Grandpa, Big Brother William said that he fell in love with me at first sight," Brianna stated with a face filled with injustice. "He challenged a Prince in order to win my hand in marriage. Right now, I am his fiance."

James almost choked on his saliva when he heard Brianna's words. He then stared at William as if he was looking at a scum.  

"Boy, even though I always tell you to look for girls to marry, I didn't tell you to prey on little girls," James said in a righteous manner as if he was free from sin. "However, since you can't uncook cooked rice, I will turn a blind eye on this matter. Just make sure that you treat Brianna well in the future."

William snorted and raised his hand to flick the loli's forehead. Unfortunately for him, Brianna had already anticipated his reaction and backed away while giggling. She then stuck out her tongue at William which made the Half-Elf scratch his head in helplessness.

Eve found William's reaction funny. She then reached out her two small hands to grab his hair and pulled on it.

William ignored Eve's actions as he confronted his grandpa.  

"It is true that I won Brianna's hand in a duel, but I intend to pair her with Prince Ernest," William hurriedly explained because his Aunt Anna and Aunt Hellen were looking at him with displeasure. He didn't want the two ladies, who had helped to raise him, to have any misunderstandings.

He then glared at Brianna who was hiding behind Wendy's back.

"I see." James played with his beard as he accepted William's explanation. "Then how about the other two ladies whom I haven't seen before? What is your relationship with them?"

William felt relieved because his Grandpa readily accepted his explanation. He then started to introduce the two new faces that accompanied him back to Lont.

"The beautiful lady with green hair is Lady Amelia Louise," William said. "She is a permanent member of my own knight squad."

"Louise? Is she perhaps the daughter of Philip? The Baron of Bradford?" James inquired.

Amelia who was standing not far away from William made a curtsy. "It is an honor for Lord Ainsworth to know of our humble origins."

James grinned as he waved his hand in a casual manner. "Your father and I are not close and we've only met twice in the past when I was passing through your barony. Even so, Philip is well-known in the noble circle for not sticking his head in places that he shouldn't stick his head in. Your father is quite an admirable person."

Amelia blushed at James' praise towards her father. She didn't expect that the Hidden Overlord of the West had met her father in the past.  

After that brief exchange, William then introduced the VIP guest that had accompanied him from the Kyrintor Mountains.

"This beautiful lady here is the Second Princess of the Zelan Dynasty, Aila Sol Zelan," William announced. "Her reason for coming here is due to the request of the Crown Prince, Alaric Sol Zelan. He also asked me to give this letter to you, Gramps."

William took out the handwritten letter from his storage ring and presented it to his grandfather. James opened the letter and started to read. At first, there was a frown on his face, but his expression calmed down after he finished reading the letter.

"Aila, was it?" James asked in a friendly manner. "From this day onwards, you will be a guest of our humble town of Lont. Although the amenities we have can't compare to the things inside the Zelan Royal Palace, they aren't too shabby either."

"Thank you, Lord James." Princess Aila made a respectful curtsy towards the legendary figure that once visited their domain many years ago. "I will be in your care from now on."

"Mmm." James nodded his head. "According to Alaric's letter, you are studying Life Magic, right?"

"Yes, Lord Ainsworth."

"Do you have a Master teaching you?"

"No."

James once again nodded his head. "It's quite fortunate that we have a very capable Life Archon here in Lont. If you wish, I can introduce you to him and ask him to take you on as his disciple."

Princess Aila's eyes widened in shock. She didn't expect that this small town had a Life Archon in it. There was only one Life Archon in the Southern Continent and that person had been shrouded in mystery.

The only thing that the Life Mages of the Southern Continent knew about this legendary figure was that he liked beautiful young women and his stamina seemed endless.

"Lord Ainsworth, are you referring to the Archon of the Spring of Life?" Princess Aila couldn't stop herself from trembling in excitement. "Is he here? Is the renowned Life Archon, Sir Owen, here in Lont?"

"Yes." James chuckled. "Knowing that old man's taste, he would be more than happy to make you his disciple."

William who was listening to the side had a dumbfounded expression on his face. He didn't expect that the old coot that boasted about his ability to go several rounds in bed was someone so famous.

He even wondered if Princess Aila was referring to someone else, and not the shameless and perverted old man, who had secretly told William several tips on how to make a woman feel good in bed.


Chapter 262

"Just because you are a Princess doesn't mean that I will treat you favorably. I am a very strict teacher, are you sure you want to become my apprentice?"

"Yes! Please, make me your Disciple, Lord Owen."

"Very well," Owen nodded in a righteous manner. The charisma that was oozing from his body was that of a Master that had faced great battles and had lived to tell the tale.

William couldn't stop his lips from twitching as he stood at the side, watching this Master and Disciple pair.

He wanted to grab the old man and shake his body so badly while shouting, "Where is the real Owen? You impostor! Tell me where did you hide that old pervert who only knows how to boast about how he mastered the 444 positions that would make a woman go crazy!"

When he saw Princess Aila kneel and pay her respects to her new Master, William almost spat on the ground. The old pervert winked at him and gave him the "Now you know how awesome I am!" expression while Aila wasn't looking at him.

William's reply was simple.

He gave Owen the middle finger.

This brief exchange between the two came to an abrupt end when Princess Aila raised her head to look at her new Master.

Owen extended his hand to hold her hand, which was the procedure of accepting a Disciple among the Life Mages.

Princess Aila stood up with Owen's assistance, completing the ceremony of apprenticeship.

"Rest for now," Owen said in a tone that was befitting of a monk that had abstained from worldly desires. "Our training will start tomorrow. I'll pick you up when the sun rises."

"Yes, Master," Princess Aila bowed respectfully before walking back towards the Ainsworth Residence.

William and Owen watched her retreating back in silence. The moment the girl disappeared from their sight, Owen's exalted form, and aura, disappeared completely.

"Will, I'm going to tell this to you now, you'd better not extend your filthy hands onto my disciple," Owen said in disdain.

"Excuse me? I'm not an old cow that preys on young grass. Just look at how handsome I am! Do I even need to put an effort into making the ladies fall in love with me?" William snorted. "Old man, you'd better behave and not do anything untowards to your new Disciple, or else I'll tell your wife."

Owen summoned his staff and immediately whacked William's head. Even though he had already mastered a lot of skills and had grown stronger over the years, Owen's strike cleanly landed on William's head which made the boy cry out in pain.

"Fool! Do not say such stupid things," Owen reprimanded. "Life Mages don't do those things, especially between Master and Disciple. You'd better not spout any of that nonsense, especially in front of Aila."

"You've finally shown your true colors, old man!" William grumbled. "What Great Archon? What Legend? Pitui! You're just a lecherous old man who likes to eat young grass!"

Owen was about to whack the boy again when the door of his house opened, revealing his young and beautiful wife, Sarah.

"Darling, lunch is ready," Sarah said with a smile. "Little Will, it has been a while. Do you want to have lunch with us?"

William and Owen smiled as both of them patted each other like they were the best of friends. Sarah smiled sweetly at the two and was very happy that the "boys" were getting along.  

"Thank you for the invitation, Big Sister Sarah," William replied. "However, I have guests back at the residence and I need to entertain them. Perhaps next time?"

"Alright." Sarah nodded. "Make sure to visit us again Will and study properly at the Royal Academy."

"I will, Big Sister."

"Darling, let's go and eat while the food is still warm."

"I'm coming, Honey," Owen said. "See you later, William."

"Bye bye, Sir Owen."

After the couple closed the door behind them, William shook his head helplessly as he walked back towards the residence.  

'That old coot must have saved a planet in his past life to have Sarah as his wife,' William thought. 'Then again, Princess Aila becoming Owen's Disciple is also a good thing. Grandpa and Owen are not fools. They will be able to monitor Princess Aila and see if she has any hidden agendas in the Hellan Kingdom.'

The group stayed the night in Lont before going back to the Capital the next day. Although William could stay longer, he had many important matters to attend to. After two days of travel, they finally arrived at the Capital and immediately headed towards the Royal Academy.

-----

Two hours after arriving at the academy, William was summoned to the palace. He took Brianna with him, because he intended to discuss with the King about making Brianna the fiance of Prince Ernest.  

Although there was no certainty that Great Chief Evander and his sons would be able to retain their position as the leader of the Tribes, William thought that it would be best to officially declare Brianna as Prince Ernest's fiance since the two kids seemed to have feelings for each other.

----

Thirteen days.

That was the amount of time that had passed since William had left the Royal Academy and many things had happened while they were away.

The Academy was busy preparing for the Inter-Division Battle, and all the Divisions were training seriously for the chance to become this year's champion. Of course, aside from the students, Carter had also been very busy.

With the help of Charlotte, and the children that had been affected by the suggestion spell, the candies had made their way to the First, Second, and Third Years of the Magic Division. He didn't dare try to ensnare the Fourth Years because there were strong individuals like Matthew and Leah who had very strong perceptions.

Carter didn't want to jeopardize his plan, so he focused on these three divisions. Right now, he had successfully corrupted 70% of the student body and the rest would be fully under his control a few days before the Inter-Division Battle started.

"So, Wendy and the Knight Commander have returned to the Academy?" Carter's face brightened when he heard Charlotte's report. He had been waiting a long time for Wendy's return and had prepared a special variety of candy just for her.

This candy was more potent than the rest and it would only take three to four days for the spell to mature inside his target's body.

"Yes," Charlotte replied happily. "Right now, Wendy is resting inside her room. Do you want me to give her the candy you specially made for her?"

"Yes, please." Carter handed the pouch to Charlotte with a smile. "I'm counting on you, My Love."

Carter drew Charlotte close and hugged her. "This weekend, invite her to have lunch with you and bring her here, to my room. That will be when we will discuss our… marriage and invite her to become my second wife."

"Sounds like a good plan," Charlotte nodded. She really wanted to have Wendy as Carter's second wife because she only wanted those who were close to her to share the love of her beloved man.

Carter was planning to have a special time with her and Wendy on the day of the Inter-Division Battles. All he needed to do was wait two more weeks before he could leave the Southern Continent.

He would conduct a massacre then take the talented girls of the Hellan Royal Academy back to the Demon Continent. After that, he would receive the rewards that the Demon Lord promised him.

Carter could feel the heat in his loins, but he endured it for now. He returned to his laboratory to make more candies. This was a crucial time, and he couldn't afford to keep thinking about the young beauties that would soon be brought back to the Demon Continent.  

'Just wait, my beloved little pets,' Carter mused. 'Soon, I will take all of you to the peak of pleasure and make you forget your lives in the Southern Continent.'


Chapter 263

William was currently walking hand in hand with Brianna inside the palace. The little Loli was looking everywhere with an undisguised curiosity that would make anyone label her as a country bumpkin, but she didn't care because no one was around.

The Half-Elf discovered that Brianna had an uncanny ability to change her expressions in less than a second the moment she sensed someone aside from those close to her. One moment she looked like an ignorant bumpkin, the next she looked like a dignified princess.

William was quite impressed by the loli's ability that he gave her two thumbs up in his heart.

As they were about to reach the main hall where the King was waiting, they saw a young boy blocking their path. He tried to act calm on the surface, but his body language was saying otherwise.  

It was as if he wanted to run towards them, but his years of being trained as a member of the Royal Family prevented him from doing something unbecoming of a Prince.

Brianna clung to William's arm as the two neared the Youngest Prince of the Hellan Kingdom, Prince Ernest. She had a smile on her face while looking at Prince Ernest. William, on the other hand, just played along with the adorable loli because he, too, was interested in how the Young Prince would react.

"Sir William, I am here to congratulate you for a job well done in preventing the Northern Tribes from turning hostile on us," Prince Ernest said as soon as William stopped a few meters in front of him. "My Father is waiting at the great hall. Please, see him as soon as possible. I will look after Lady Briana, while you make your report to my Father."

Brianna looked up at William with longing, "Darling, don't take too long. I'm scared."

"Don't worry, Honey," William replied as he patted Brianna's head. "I won't be gone for long."

It was then when Prince Ernest stepped forward and pried Brianna's hands off William's arm. He then pulled her away from the Half-Elf. The Young Prince hid the loli behind his back before glaring at William.

"Sir William, I know that the two of you are just acting, but let me say this here and now," Prince Ernest stated. "Big Sister Brianna is going to be my fiance. I would appreciate it if you wouldn't make any further moves towards her."

William looked at the little shrimp with amusement. Prince Ernest had a serious expression on his face, while the mischievous loli behind him was covering her lips as her body trembled. Clearly, she was doing her best not to laugh out loud.

"Your Highness, I won Brianna's hand in a fair duel," William said in a righteous manner. "Her father has also given me his consent. What I do with her is none of your business."

"Sir William, your attempt to make me jealous is working. I would greatly appreciate it if we stopped this farce, right here, right now."

"Che~ you're no fun."

William crossed his arms over his chest with a smile. Although he wanted to tease the Young Prince a little more, he knew that now was not the time to do it.

"Big Sister, please stop teasing me as well," Prince Ernest looked at the adorable girl behind him and pouted. "Do you really enjoy seeing me suffer? Is it fun to bully me?"

"Awww! Little Ernie, you've grown taller since the last time I saw you," Brianna gave Prince Ernest a hug before patting his head. "Just a few more years and you'll be taller than me. When that happens, I'm afraid that the one to be bullied would be me."

"I will never bully you, Big Sister."

"You'd better not, or I'll run to Darling's~ side."

Prince Ernest nodded his head seriously which made William grin.  

'Looks like Prince Ernest will be a hen-pecked prince in the future,' William mused. "Okay. I'll meet with the King first. Prince Ernest, please, entertain our Northern Princess."

Prince Ernest smiled and pulled on Brianna's hand, "Big Sister, let's go to the garden. The flowers are in full bloom and you will definitely love them."

Brianna waved her hand at William before allowing herself to be pulled away by a jealous Prince Ernest. The red-headed boy waved back at her before walking towards the Great Hall where the King was waiting for him.

-----

"And that is how our Northern Expedition ended, your Majesty," William finished his report and bowed towards King Noah.

Noah nodded his head. "I received Sir Jerkins report yesterday, but I still wanted to hear your own version of the story. You did well and the merits you earned for our Kingdom deserves a reward."

The King of the Hellan Kingdom secretly praised himself for sending the Half-Elf with his Foreign Ambassador to the Northern Regions. If it was only Sir Jerkins that had gone then the Northern Tribes would have successfully allied with the Two Dynasties and pincered the Hellan Kingdom from three sides.

Because of this, he decided to give William a reward. As for what that reward was, he couldn't think of anything that the boy might like. This was why he decided to wait for William's visit to the palace and personally ask him the reward he wanted the most.

William pondered for a bit. But right now, nothing came to mind, so he decided to put his reward on hold.

"Your Majesty, I can't think of anything right now," William said. "For the time being, can you put my reward on hold?"

"Understood." Noah smiled. "When you finally know what you really want, come and find me. No matter how many years it takes, this promise of mine will still hold true."

"Thank you, your Majesty." William bowed.

After that brief exchange, William decided to discuss Brianna's matter with King Noah. He said that although Great Chief Evander and his family might not be able to retain their position after four years, the possibility still existed.

Because of that, William insisted that Brianna be properly betrothed to Prince Ernest as his Official Fiance. Surprisingly, King Noah didn't agree or disagree with William's suggestions. The only thing he promised was that he would see to it that the "Northern Princess" would be properly cared for in the palace.

William sighed in his heart, but he knew that he couldn't be too pushy. He was about to ask for his leave when the King made a gesture for him to come closer.

"Sir William, there is something that I would like to entrust to you for the time being," King Noah said with a serious expression.  

The King then took out a sheathed dagger from his storage ring and handed it over to William.  

"Hold on to this dagger for safekeeping," King Noah ordered. "In any situation, you are not allowed to divulge to anyone, not even your family, that I gave you this dagger. Also, you will not hand this dagger over to anyone, regardless of who they are or whatever position they have. Do I make myself clear?"

"As you command, Your Majesty," William replied as he took the sheathed dagger from the King's hand.  

After taking hold of the dagger, he immediately used his appraisal skill to get more information about the dagger that was entrusted to him.

-----

< ???? >

-- ?????

-- ?????

-- ?????

-----

'Um? How come I can't read anything?' William thought. 'I'll ask the system later. It would be disrespectful to investigate further in front of the King.'

William stored the dagger in his storage ring and took a step back. King Noah looked at him seriously before waving his hand.

"You may go." King Noah smiled. "Please, do your best, and continue to protect our kingdom to the best of your abilities, Sir William."

"The Hellan Kingdom is my homeland," William replied. "I will do my best to meet your expectations, Your Majesty."

After concluding his visit, William left the Great Hall and went to find Briana in the garden. He explained that the little Loli would be staying at the palace and be treated like a VIP guest. William also warned Prince Ernest that he should take care of Brianna or else he would take her away.

Prince Ernest made a solemn promise that made William and Brianna pat his shoulders in admiration. After bidding goodbye to the Young Prince and the adorable Loli, William headed towards the stables where the flying carriage was waiting for him.

He was only a hundred meters away from the stables when the system suddenly gave him an emergency report.  

< Host! The spell that was dormant in Wendy's Soul of Consciousness has suddenly been strengthened! Right now, 60% of her Sea of Consciousness has been taken over. I estimate that before the day is over, it will reach up to 65% completion. >

'What?!' William almost jumped off his feet at the sudden turn of events.  

He had only left the Royal Academy for two hours and, in that short amount of time, the corruption of Wendy's Sea of Consciousness had already advanced to such a degree. William couldn't believe it, and he found this a very hard thing to stomach.

'Tell me all the details,' William ordered. 'Make sure to not leave anything out.'

< Understood. >

< When the host left for the Royal Palace, Wendy returned to her dormitory to rest. An hour later, she left her dormitory room and met Lady Charlotte in the hallways. Wendy's "Big Sister" then gave her a pouch filled with candies.  

< Upon contact, I successfully placed a tracker on her and started monitoring her as well. Lady Charlotte returned to her own dormitory room to handle the affairs of the Third Year Magic Division. Wendy, on the other hand, went to the Host's dormitory room in the Solaris building. >

'She went to find me?' William thought. 'Continue the explanation.'

< Seeing that the host is not inside the room, Wendy didn't go out, instead, she laid on top of the host bed and began eating the candy. >

William clenched his fist so hard that his nails dug into his palm. 'How is she now?'

< She is currently sleeping on the host's bed. >

William ran towards the stable in order to return to the Royal Academy as soon as possible. He wanted to be beside Wendy right now, and personally check her current condition. The Half-Elf knew that he was making a gamble with Wendy's life on the line and hated himself for it.

If possible, he really wanted to kill the Mastermind behind this whole incident and prevent the girl, who loved him so much, from suffering any harm.


Chapter 264

Half an hour earlier…

'It's so boring here in the academy,' Wendy thought as she finished changing her clothes after taking a shower. 'I guess I'll just visit Will for now. I hope he's back from his meeting with the King.'

She had just left her room when she saw her Big Sister Charlotte walking in her direction with a big smile on her face.

"It's good to see that you're finally back. I missed you," Charlotte said as she gave Wendy a light hug. "Where have you been?"

"I missed you too, Big Sister," Wendy returned the hug as she replied to Charlotte's question. "We went to the North-- North to train! That's right, Sir William wanted to perfect our team formation so we had to leave the academy to train."

"Is that so? I hope that the Knight Commander isn't pushing you too hard." Charlotte frowned. "Make sure to tell me if he bullies you. I don't care if he's the Knight Commander or not, I'll shove a fireball right up his a*s."

Wendy giggled when she imagined William holding onto his bum while running away in fear.  

Seeing that Wendy seemed to be fine, Charlotte remembered her reason for looking for her.  

"Here you go, some candies for you." Charlotte handed the pouch filled with candies with the "Be thankful I care for you" expression on her face.

"Thank you, Big Sister." Wendy happily took the pouch from Charlotte's hand. "You're the best!"

"You only say those words when I give you gifts. Well then, I have to go. There are still documents that I need to work on for the Third Years. I only came here to check up on you and see that you're in one piece."

"Thank you once again, Big Sister. I'll treat you to something good tomorrow."

"You'd better remember those words." Charlotte patted Wendy's head before going back to the Third Year Dormitory.

Wendy was about to eat a candy when she suddenly remembered what had happened in William's room when she gave him a candy. Her face reddened as she reminisced about the passionate kisses that she had shared with him.

'I'd better give him some candies as well,' Wendy thought. She was looking forward to another kissing session with William that would only become possible because of the candies that were in her possession.  

Wendy had been a regular visitor of the Solaris Dormitory that the guards only nodded at her and allowed her to pass without question. They knew that the beautiful lady was a member of the Knight Commander's personal knight squad and gave her the respect she deserved.

William's room had a special enchantment in it that prevented anyone from entering without permission. Fortunately for Wendy, she was one of the few exceptions that could enter the room without using a key.

'He's still not here,' Wendy thought as she scanned the room. 'It's fine. I'll just wait for him to arrive.'

The blonde beauty immediately headed towards William bed and sat on top of it. She then opened the pouch of candies and started eating.

'I'll only eat half and share the rest with William,' Wendy thought as she put a red colored candy inside her mouth. 'This way, it's a win-win for both of us.'

After eating eight candies, Wendy suddenly felt drowsy and slept on top of William's bed, while hugging William's pillow.

------

Somewhere in Asgard...

"Captain, please wake up! We are being dispatched to the battlefield to collect the souls of warriors. We are the team that is currently on standby, so we have to hurry before our superiors deduct our wages!"

"Just let me sleep for five more minutes."

"What are you talking about, Captain?!" a beautiful lady with dark-brown hair raised her voice as she shook the sleeping beauty violently. "If we don't go soon, Commander Gunnr will deduct our wages! I plan to have a date with my boyfriend this month. I need to buy a new dress!"

"You're so annoying." The sleeping beauty finally relented and propped herself up from the bed. Her long, silky, blonde hair shimmered briefly as the rays of the sun fell upon them. "I'll be ready in five minutes. Wait for me outside."

"Understood. Please, hurry, Captain."

"Okay, stop nagging and just wait for me to finish changing my clothes. Sheeesh!"

The blonde beauty who seemed to be in her early twenties, walked up to her closet and began to put on her light-weight armor that was designed for the battlefield. After strapping on her protective gear, she walked towards the mirror in order to fix her hair.

The image of a beautiful lady with long blonde hair and a pair of blue eyes, that were as clear as the skies of Asgard, were reflected in the mirror. She then began to comb her hair until she was satisfied with it.  

The blonde beauty then picked up the winged circlet lying on top of her table, and looked at the mirror one last time before going out of her room. As the Captain of her squad, it was her duty to lead the other Valkyries on the battlefield to collect the souls of the brave warriors that had fallen in battle.

An hour later, twelve Valkyries with their Captain in the center descended towards Midgard where a battle had just ended. They had done this duty countless times before and they were already used to guiding the souls of the brave warriors to Valhalla.

However, this time, the scene they encountered was different.

"T-There are no souls?" one of the Valkyries, that were hovering above the dead bodies, stuttered.

"Captain Wendy! There are no souls on this battlefield," one of the Valkyries reported. "It was as if they have vanished into thin air. This has never happened before."

"Calm down." Wendy raised her hand as her eyes scanned the bloody battlefield that was bereft of any signs of life. "Go in teams of two and investigate. Maybe there are still lingering souls somewhere on this battlefield. We need to know what happened."

""Yes!""

Usually, hundreds, even thousands of souls, could be harvested on the battlefield where the fighting had just ended. Not all souls could go to Valhalla. Only those that fought bravely and for a righteous cause were invited to the great feast that the Gods had prepared that watched over the Nine Realms of Yggrasil.  

The Valkyries investigated the battlefield in pairs, and just like Wendy mentioned, they did indeed find souls, but their number didn't even surpass ten.

While the rest of the Valkyries were doing one last sweep of the battlefield, Wendy flew towards its center and saw a young man with arrows sticking out of his body and a bloody hole in his chest.

Clearly, the young man was already dead, but Wendy couldn't help but admire the warrior because he was the only one in the battlefield that had remained standing even after he died.  

The young man had long silver hair that fell behind his shoulders. His face was stained with blood, but that didn't prevent his good looks from showing through. Wendy caressed the warrior's face, and felt a very subtle fluctuation in his body.

Wendy immediately used her powers and coaxed the warrior's soul, that had refused to separate from its mortal vessel, out.

"I, Wendy, the Valkyrie Captain of Lady Brunn have come to take you, Oh Brave Warrior, to come with me and enter Valhalla," Wendy said in a respectful tone.  

This was an etiquette that the Valkyries had learned during their training when addressing the brave warriors that had died in[on] the battlefield.  

Soon, the soul of a young warrior appeared before Wendy. According to her estimate, the young man was still in his late teens and hadn't even grown a beard, which was very uncommon among the warriors that had ascended to Valhalla.  

"What is your name, Brave Warrior?" Wendy asked.

"William," the young man answered. "William Pendragon."

Wendy extended her hand in a gesture of invitation.  

"Come, Brave William," Wendy said softly. "The Halls of Asgard are waiting for you. Your duty in the mortal world is over. Your duty to protect the Nine Realms is about to begin."

William looked at Wendy's delicate hand before reluctantly raising his own. The Valkyrie Captain could see the unwillingness in his eyes. Those were the eyes of someone that still had unfinished business in the mortal realm.  

Wendy had seen these kinds of eyes many times in the past. However, she knew that the young warrior would gradually forget about his ties with the mortal world the moment he stepped into the halls of Asgard.

The beautiful Valkyrie firmly gripped the young man's hand and flapped her wings to ascend to the sky. Soon, the other Valkyries joined her in flight as they took the surviving souls to their final destination.

William glanced at Midgard one last time before he closed his eyes to weep. He still had promises to keep…

Promises that he would no longer be able to keep.


Chapter 265

"Hah…. Mmm...  ehe… heh," Wendy mumbled in her sleep as she unconsciously tried to reach out for something.  

William who sat beside the bedside caught her hand and held it firmly. Perhaps feeling the familiar touch, a smile appeared on Wendy's face as she continued to sleep.  

"You're such a handful," William said softly as he brushed away the strands of hair that blocked the sleeping girl's face.  

< The spell inside her had finally stabilized. Right now, 65% of her Sea of Consciousness has been invaded. >

'Understood.'

William sighed as the internal struggle in him waged on. After putting a tracker on Charlotte, the System had been monitoring her every move. However, she still hadn't met anyone that the system had deemed suspicious.  

Because of this, William still couldn't do anything aside from making sure that the girl that was holding his hand wouldn't suffer any harm.  

He had already steeled himself for this scenario, but when it actually happened, he still felt bitter in his heart.  

Minutes passed…

Hours passed…

After three hours, Wendy sleepily opened her eyes. She had a good dream, and it made her feel refreshed after waking up.

The first thing she saw was a sleeping Half-Elf's face in front of her. It took a moment for the gears in Wendy's head to start churning. Half a minute later, her eyes widened when she found herself lying in the young man's embrace.  

Ironically, her hands were wrapped around William as if she was holding a hug pillow. The boy, on the other hand, had his arms wrapped around her in a protective embrace.  

Wendy didn't know what to do at the moment. A part of her wanted to stay in William's embrace and let this moment last a little while longer, while the other part of her wanted to plant a kiss on his lips.  

She was afraid that if she took the initiative to kiss William, the latter would wake up and the feeling of warmth and security she was experiencing would disappear.

Fortunately, before she could finalize her decision, the boy's eyes opened. Blue eyes met green and the two stared at each other for a long time before William pulled her closer to him and planted a kiss on her forehead.  

"Did you have a good rest?" William asked. Although he tried to hide it, there was a tinge of worry in his voice.

"Yes," Wendy replied as she breathed in his scent. "I always sleep well when you are around."

"Then sleep here with me tonight."

"... Un."

The two embraced each other for a while before reluctantly separating.  

"Will."

"Yes?"

"I had a good dream, but I can't recall anything about it when I woke up," Wendy said while fixing her messy hair in front of the mirror. "Even so, I have a feeling that you were in that dream as well."

William crossed his arms over his chest and gave Wendy a smile. "I don't know what your dream was about, but if I was in there then that means that it was an awesome dream."

"... Although I can't recall much of my dream, I have a feeling that your expression in that dream of mine was a very sad one. It was as if you lost or had forgotten something very important."

The smile on William's face stiffened when he heard Wendy's reply.

"It's just a dream," William said as he walked towards the girl who was currently fixing her hair in the mirror. William then gave her a light hug as he tried to bury the anxiousness he was feeling in his heart. "Just a dream, so you don't have to think too much about it."

"Un…," Wendy replied as she placed her hand over William's.

------

In the Far East where the Kingdom of Freesia was located...

"Sidonie, the Hellan Kingdom seems to be having some difficulties right now," the King of Freesia said with a serious expression. "Because of this, I've decided to send you there as my envoy."

"Understood," the Third Princess of the Kingdom of Freesia, Sidonie, replied. "Will I be going alone?"

"No. You will be accompanied by four teams of Aerial Cavaliers. Also, I will give you full command over them. Do what you see fit in order to help our allies. We mustn't let the Hellan Kingdom fall. The moment they fall, it will be our turn next."

"Don't worry, Father," Sidonie replied. "I will support our allies to the best of my abilities. When will I be leaving?"

"You will be leaving by midnight. Prepare the things that you need to bring. Don't forget to take your maidservants along with you."

"Understood. Be careful while I am away, Father."

The King of Freesia smiled, but he was standing at least ten meters away from his daughter. Any closer would make it impossible for him to resist the effect of her powers.  

Princess Sidonie, like always, was wearing a veil. Not only to hide her beauty, but to protect anyone from being ensnared by her powerful charm. No one is safe from it. Men, women, and even some Beasts under the Centennial Rank, wouldn't be able to resist her.  

Although the King felt reluctant to let her leave the kingdom, his advisers had strongly suggested that they send her to the Hellan Kingdom as his representative. This was a way to show their support, and help them understand that Freesia hadn't abandoned them.

After Princess Sidonie left the room, the King's expression became serious as he called upon his trusted subordinates to update him of the current movements of the Two Dynasties.

This upcoming war made him feel anxious because the decisions of the Two Dynasties were too sudden. Although there was an unwritten rule between the four major powers in the Southern Continent that they wouldn't attack each other, no treaties had been signed to enforce it.

This unwritten rule had lasted for a few hundred years, and Redmond Val Freesia, the current King of Freesia, thought that it would last for a hundred more before the Southern Continent was once again embroiled in strife.  

His advisers had already mentioned that there was something fishy about this war, but their spies hadn't discovered any credible information about why the Two Dynasties suddenly made an alliance and teamed up to attack the Hellan Kingdom.

Naturally, King Redmond was aware of the series of unfortunate events that had happened to their staunch ally in the West. Even he thought that the back to back events seemed to have been planned by someone hidden in the shadows.

"The only thing we can do is prepare for war," King Redmond said softly as he stared towards the West. "Since this war is already inevitable, I need to make sure that Freesia would not suffer too many casualties."

King Redmond wanted to help the Hellan Kingdom survive the storm that was slowly creeping on its borders, but they were just too far to offer any real assistance. All he could do was send his daughter, Princess Sidonie, with their prided Aerial Cavaliers to at least tell King Noah that they were in this war together.

'I just hope that we are not being used as a chess piece by some Higher Power,' King Redmond thought with a frown. 'Because if that is the case then this whole farce will have a very tragic ending. Not only for the Hellan Kingdom, but for everyone that lives in the Southern Continent.'

----

Princess Sidonie walked towards her quarters with even steps. The maidservants following behind her had been unable to resist her charms and were now her loyal subordinates. If she wished for them to die, they would gladly stab their hearts in front of her with smiles on their faces.

If Sidonie wished it, she could easily bring down an entire nation on a whim. However, she didn't have any interest in dominion over the Southern Continent, what she wanted in life was very simple.

To find someone that would make her understand the true meaning of Love, which was something that was far beyond her reach.  


Chapter 266

"I knew that you would be here," Wendy said as she descended from the sky.

The silver-haired young man didn't turn his head and continued to stare at the bridge that connected Asgard to the other realms of Yggdrasil.

"Listen, I know what you're thinking, but it's not going to happen." Wendy stood beside the warrior whom she had personally brought back from the battlefield a week ago. "You can't return to Midgard. Just give up."

William didn't say anything because he knew that she was right. He was already dead and it was impossible for him to return to Midgard. The young man knew this, but he was still unwilling to give up.

"Is there something you need to do?" Wendy asked. "Pass a message perhaps? If you ask nicely, I'll find a way to deliver your handwritten letter the next time I go to Midgard to gather the souls of warriors."

This time, the young man finally had a reaction. He stared at Wendy intensely as he grabbed her arm.

"Can you really send a letter back?" William asked. "Will you do it?"

"That will depend on my mood," Wendy replied with a smile. "Also, it depends on the contents of the letter. Take note that coded messages are not allowed. If you play something fishy, I will personally hand you to Lady Freya to have your memories erased completely."

The young man flinched when he heard Wendy's warning. He was planning to send a coded message to someone very important to him, but if the price was to have his memories erased then it would all be for naught.

Wendy gave him the "I knew you'd do that" expression and pried away the hands that were holding onto her arm.  

The man snorted and walked away. Since his plan to send a message could no longer be achieved, he had to find another way to contact that person in Midgard.

-----

Three months later…

William thrust his spear and pierced the eye of an Orc Champion that was wreaking havoc on the battlefield. The monster screamed in pain and waved its giant axe at random in order to protect itself from further attacks.  

Finding a gap in the Orc Campion's attack, William charged in and slid between its legs. He then used his full strength to cut off its head from behind, ending its life and making its subordinates scatter in fear.

The green fountain of blood rained upon the beheaded champion's surroundings, which made the warriors that accompanied William regain their morale and attack the Orc Champion's subordinates with renewed frenzy.

"Good Job," Wendy landed beside William. "With this, we have successfully defended this Elven Outpost. I'm sure that the Lords of Alfheim will reward us generously… What's wrong?"

Wendy noticed that William was looking absentmindedly at a dead Elven warrior not far from him. Since this was an outpost that belonged to the Elves, it was only natural that the ones protecting it were the Elven Warriors of Alfheim.

"Don't tell me that the standoffish William has suddenly awakened to Necrophilia?" Wendy asked in a teasing tone. She had already noticed that the Elven warrior that had died was a woman and wondered why William was looking at her with such an intense gaze.

"Do I know any Elves?" William asked absentmindedly. "I can't remember anything, but for some reason looking at her is making me feel anxious. It's as if…"

The silver-haired warrior paused mid-sentence before holding his head as if he was suffering from a headache.

'The cleansing has already reached this stage,' Wendy thought with a sad expression. 'He stopped going to the Bifrost Bridge two weeks ago and just stays within Valhalla to train everyday.'

The so-called cleansing was the gradual loss of memory after a warrior had entered Asgard. Most warriors completely lose their memories within a month of their arrival, as they helped the Gods of Asgard safeguard the denizens of the other Realms from invaders that were allied with Jotunheim and Muspelheim.

Those who had broken free from the shackles of their past lives were baptized by the light of Yggdrasil and were born anew as an Einherjar.

(A/N: Einherjar means "Army of One", or "Those Who Fight Alone".)

William, was a very rare existence because he had held on this long and still kept a few of his memories intact. However, it wouldn't be long before those precious memories of his also vanished into thin air.

When that day came, he, too, would be reborn as an Einherjar.  

Wendy had watched over the cold, yet brave warrior, who would always fight on the frontlines in order to protect his comrades. She watched him save the weak and helpless from the monsters that invaded their lands without even thinking of his own safety.  

Part of her wanted to see William free from the shackles that hounded him, even in the afterlife. The other part of her wanted to preserve the memories of the brave warrior that had wormed himself into her heart.

"Let's go back, Will," Wendy said softly as he patted the warrior's shoulder. "Let's go back to Asgard."

William blinked and looked at her absentmindedly. Soon, he nodded his head and accepted Wendy's invitation.  

The Valkyrie Captain transformed into a Pegasus and allowed William to mount her. This was a special privilege to a select few. Usually, only those that a Valkyrie had chosen to become her life partner would gain this right.

Naturally, William wasn't aware of this hidden rule among those that ferried the souls of brave warriors to the halls of Valhalla. He was busy trying to grasp the fleeting memories in his hands, before they too, disappeared for eternity.  

-----

Inside William's Quarters in the Solaris Dormitory...

Wendy opened her eyes and found herself inside William's room.

She had been sleeping with him since the day they had returned from the North and rumors were starting to spread in the Martial Division that she was their Commander's Lover.  

To her surprise, William didn't deny or affirm the rumors. He simply brushed them aside as if they were something insignificant and not worth his attention.

Wendy's twin, Spencer, was very vocal about it and would confront William from time to time. However, after William threatened that he would kick Spencer out of the Martial Division, the Siscon Brother had no choice but to back off.

William was not only the Commander of the Knight Order, but also the Head Prefect of the Martial Division. His words were law and no matter how aggrieved he was, Spencer wasn't able to do anything in front of William.

Instead, he would often tell his sister that the Half-Elf was a Wolf in Sheep's clothing and if she wasn't careful, she would be eaten up in a heartbeat.

Little did Spencer know that Wendy was looking forward to being "eaten" by William. It was quite unfortunate that, aside from simple hugs and kisses, William wouldn't do anything that was beyond his bottomline.

"Good morning," William said when he noticed that Wendy was already awake. "I brought you some breakfast."

William went early to the kitchen to smuggle breakfast for both of them. He had done this for the past few days, and Wendy loved these simple gestures that made her feel as if they were newlyweds.

After eating breakfast, Wendy returned to the Magic Division because today was Saturday. It was also the day that she promised Charlotte that she would accompany her to train.

"Big Sister, this is not the way to the training grounds," Wendy said after she noticed that they had left the premises of the Magic Division.

"There is a place that we need to visit first before we start our training," Charlotte replied with a smile. "I need to meet the maker of those candies that you love so much. He said that he has finished making another batch and asked me to pick them up."

"Really?" Wendy was pleasantly surprised by Charlotte's words. "I've long wanted to meet the one who makes those delicious candies."

"Don't worry, now is a good opportunity to meet him," Charlotte patted Wendy's head. 'I'm sure that you will love him, too, Wendy. This way, the two of us can become his brides and live happily ever after.'

Charlotte guided Wendy towards the residences that were reserved for the teachers of the Royal Academy. The place where a certain candy maker was looking forward to her arrival.


Chapter 267

"Are the rumors about you and Wendy true?" Est asked as soon as William sat down inside the meeting room for the First Year Representatives of the Martial, Magic, and Spirit Divisions.  

Priscilla, who accompanied William to this gathering, perked her ears up in order to listen to their conversation. The rumor about the Half-Elf Commander and the beautiful lady that was part of his personal Knight Squad had been circulating throughout the Martial Division.

No one was brave enough to ask their Commander whether it was true or not, for they didn't know how he would react to the question. Spencer had been a very good example of how William dealt with those who were trying to raise a ruckus.

Wendy's twin was currently undergoing a mission to gather "rare herbs" that could be used to craft healing potions. This was the decree that William had given after Spencer confronted him about his relationship with his twin sister.

After that incident, no one dared to talk about the rumors in William's presence.

William propped his chin up using his hand and gave Est a smile. "I didn't know that you like gossip."

"So, is it true or not?" Est raised an eyebrow. He really wanted to know how far the two had gone in their relationship.  

"No comment," William replied with a smug expression. Although he didn't mind admitting that he had already recognized Wendy as his lover, he still had to consider his grandfather's and Lawrence's faces.  

Afterall, Rebecca was still "technically" his fiance, and he still had to deal with that issue before officially declaring his relationship with Wendy.

Est scoffed while Ian looked at William in disdain.  

During the course of their journey in the Kyrintor Mountains, William had shown through his actions how much he cared about Wendy. They were always holding each other's hands and they even slept together. It was more than enough evidence to tell that the two were already in a romantic relationship.

Even so, Ian was unwilling to recognize it. He would rather turn a blind eye on the two's "public display of affection" than to hear William officially announce that he and Wendy were now a couple.

The Head Prefect of the Spirit Division, Erwin Boaz, was the last one to arrive in the room, followed by his Vice-Prefect. When all the leaders of the First Year Divisions had gathered, the head instructors of the divisions, Grent, Layla, and Lourdes, started the meeting.

"In two and a half weeks, the Inter-Division Battle is going to begin," Grent said. "We are waiting for a special guest to arrive from the Kingdom of Freesia, so the opening ceremony might be delayed a day or two."

Grent then nodded to Lourdes, so that she could continue the explanation.

"We have already informed you of the rules of the competition," Lourdes stated. "We will conduct a brief review to ensure that all of you are familiar with the rules."

Lourdes then asked the Head Prefects to recite the main rules of the tournament to ensure that they had memorized them properly. After that, the meeting veered in the direction of how they would conduct the battles and the point system that they would be using for the event.

The meeting only lasted an hour and the three instructors were satisfied because all the Head Prefects were very capable.  

"All of you do your best," Grent smiled. "It doesn't matter whether you win or lose. Just enjoy this event and hone your skills to fullest. All of you are now dismissed."

The Head and Vice-Prefects bowed their heads respectfully to their instructors before leaving the conference room.  

"It's finally over," William said after he stretched his arms and waist. "I'm really not used to attending these kinds of meetings. Priscilla, have you covered everything?"

"Yes, Sir William," Priscilla replied.

"Good. Please, make sure that everyone is informed about the topics that were discussed in the meeting."

"Understood."

Priscilla gave William a brief nod before heading towards the Solaris Dormitory.

"Deep inside she must really hate you," Ian commented with his arms crossed over his chest. "You just shove your responsibilities onto her then laze around all day long."

"Do you really see it that way?" William asked back.  

"What do you mean?" Ian frowned. "Aren't you just dumping the workload on her?"

"Of course not. This is what you call Trust."

"Hah? Trust?"

"Yes. Trust," William said with his chin raised in an arrogant manner. "I trust Priscilla that she will be able to handle the job more effectively than I would. Since that is the case, why should I get in the way of her role?"

Ian scoffed at William's shameless way of sugarcoating his laziness. Est and Isaac who were standing beside the two sighed in helplessness.  

"Ah, that reminds me, Est." William shifted his attention to his good friend. "Have you thought about whether we should continue our bet or not?"

Est frowned, he had thought long and hard about his bet with William, and he was still on the fence whether he should agree or not. However, William's answer to his earlier question about his relationship with Wendy was brushed aside, so he was feeling irritated.

Because of this, he decided to accept the Half-Elf's proposal and agreed to his bet.

"Let's do it," Est replied. "I agree to the terms of our bet."

"Good." William chuckled as he extended his hand. "May the best man win."

Est firmly gripped William's hand and shook it.  

Suddenly, the smile on William's face vanished as a serious expression crossed over his face.  

"What's wrong? You look like you've just swallowed a fly," Est teased the handsome Half-Elf that was looking at him as if William was seeing him for the first time.

< Host. Est's Sea of Consciousness has been fully invaded by the Mind Weaver Spell. >

'Put a tracker on him. Include all the add-ons!'

< Understood. >

William unconsciously tightened his grip on Est's hand as he did his best to control the rage that was building inside his heart.

'Too far! Whoever this person is has gone too far!' William's breathing became heavy as he forced himself to calm down. Est was the very first friend he had made outside of Lont and he was very special to him.  

For his good friend to be under the subtle control of someone from the shadows pained his heart.  

"I'm sorry," William said softly. This was the only thing he could do for his friend. He didn't know if the Mastermind was alone, or he had many helpers in the background. Until he managed to capture their trails, he couldn't afford to dispel the Mind Weaver Spell inside Est's body.

Doing so would only alert the Mastermind because the spells were directly connected to their consciousness.  

"Sorry? For what?" Est asked. "Don't tell me you're apologizing to me because you're confident that you'll be the one to win our bet? Will, you might be strong, but don't underestimate me. I will make you taste my true power when the two of us face off in the arena."

William was about to say more, but his words stopped in his throat when the system gave him an emergency notification.

< Host! The spell inside Wendy's body is rising at an alarming rate! The invasion on her Sea of Consciousness has suddenly risen to 95%. She is now currently in a trance, and is now in the presence of someone who could potentially be the Mastermind behind all of this!  

According to my estimate, it will only take twenty more minutes before her Sea of Consciousness has been taken over completely! >


Chapter 268

(Disclaimer: If you are faint hearted or someone that gets triggered easily, I STRONGLY ADVISE YOU that you read this chapter along with the chapter entitled "Chapter 268: A Vessel That Held Limitless Possibilities". If the chapter I mentioned is not currently available, hold off in reading this chapter and wait until the next day.

If you don't want to feel anxious and constipated for the remainder of the day, make sure to follow my advice. I don't want to hear any complaints, and people telling me that I didn't warn them beforehand. Read this chapter at your own risk.)

------

Half an hour earlier…

"Big Sister, isn't this the area where the instructors have their own residences?"

"That's right."

"Wait. You mean to say that the one who makes the candies is an instructor?" Wendy asked in disbelief.

"That's right," Charlotte replied with a smile. "And we have arrived at our destination."

Wendy gazed at the small gate that led to a three-storey house. This house was located on the outskirts of the Teacher's residences and no other houses were around it.

"Let's go inside," Charlotte said as she firmly held Wendy's hand and led her inside the gate.  

"Big Sister, can we really enter without permission?" Wendy inquired.  

Charlotte chuckled and patted Wendy's head, "You're such a worrywart. Of course, I have already gotten permission from the instructor. Just relax your little head and follow me."

Wendy's Big Sister opened the front door and invited her in as if she was the owner of the place. Charlotte then guided her to the second floor where Carter's room was located.  

For some reason, Wendy suddenly felt a sense of anticipation in her heart. She thought that it was just her curiosity about finding out who the candy-maker really was making her heart beat a little faster than normal.

Charlotte then knocked on the door to announce their presence, "Professor, it's me."

"Come in," a gentle voice replied from the other side of the door.

Charlotte opened the door to the room and signaled for Wendy to enter before her. The latter obeyed her Big Sister's gesture and entered the room obediently. After Wendy had entered the room, Charlotte also stepped inside and closed the door behind her.  

She made sure to lock the door properly to ensure that no one would be leaving the room without Carter's permission.

Wendy's gaze landed on a handsome man who seemed to be in his early twenties, seated on a chair with a book in hand. He seemed to be reading the book before they arrived and Wendy thought that the image of an esteemed scholar fit him perfectly.

"Allow me to do the introductions," Charlotte said with a smile. "Wendy, this is Professor Carter. He is the Magic Teacher of the Third Years that specializes in Magic Combat. He is also the maker of the candies that you love so much.

"Professor, this is Wendy Armstrong. Although we are not blood related, I treat her as my own little sister. I hope that the two of you get along well."

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Armstrong," Carter greeted as he stood up from his chair and gave Wendy a respectful bow.  

Wendy curtsied like a proper noble and returned Carter's greeting, "The honor is mine, Professor Carter. It's a pleasure meeting the maker of those delicious candies. Are all of them really handmade?"

"They are," Carter answered with pride. "Charlotte has been telling me over and over again how beautiful and talented you are. Seeing you face to face, I have no choice but to agree with her words."

Charlotte giggled as she walked towards Carter, "You mean to say that you didn't believe the words I said, Professor?"

Charlotte playfully pounded Carter's shoulder and the latter only laughed. Seeing the two of them side by side made Wendy's heart beat faster. The scene reminded her of how she and William would normally interact when it was only the two of them inside his dormitory room.

"Ah! I almost forgot." Carter lightly tapped his head as if he had really forgotten something important. "I just made a new product and I am looking for someone to do a taste test. Ms. Armstrong, are you willing to give it a try?"

Carter took something out from his pocket and unwrapped it. Inside was a red candy that was as dark as blood.  

Wendy swallowed unconsciously the moment her eyes landed on the candy. It was as if she had been unable to direct her gaze anywhere save on the crimson candy that lay harmlessly in the professor's palm.

Carter smiled and lightly swung his hand to the left. Wendy's gaze followed the candy as if her eyes were stuck on it completely. The professor then walked towards the beautiful young lady and extended his hand.

"Do you want it?" Carter inquired.

"I-I…," Wendy stuttered.  

Carter was using the spell that was inside her body to control her emotions in a subtle manner.

"Do you want it?" Carter repeated.

"I… want," Wendy replied.

Carter chuckled and glanced at Charlotte who was standing beside him.  

"Feed this to your little sister," Carter ordered. He wanted Charlotte to personally do the act because it was more interesting that way.

Charlotte obeyed and picked up the candy from the professor's palm and slowly approached the young lady who seemed to have lost her ability to think.

"Open your mouth," Charlotte ordered.

Wendy obediently opened her mouth, which made Carter grin internally.

Charlotte then softly pressed the candy against Wendy's lips and moved it ever so slowly, like she was applying lipstick on her luscious pink lips.  

After completing a full cycle, Wendy's Big Sister finally slid the candy inside Wendy's mouth and watched as the girl in front of her fell into a trance-like state.

The candy dissolved the moment it entered Wendy's mouth. The sweet taste washed away all thoughts that she was currently thinking. Devoid of all thoughts, Wendy felt as if she was floating. She was like a painting that was slowly being stripped of her colors.

Carter watched with a satisfied smile as he looked at the girl that was slowly succumbing to the power of his spell.  

Charlotte returned to his side and wrapped her arms around the professor, before kissing his lips. It was as if she wasn't a least bit worried about what was happening to Wendy, all she cared for was the love of the man whose hands were firmly grabbing her waist.

It didn't take long before a sigh escaped Wendy's lips. She blinked once then twice as she looked at her Big Sister kissing the handsome professor in front of her.

Her heart started to beat wildly inside her chest and a sudden heat washed over her body, making her face flush in embarrassment.

"What's wrong, is this your first time seeing a kiss?" Carter asked.

"N-No," Wendy stuttered.

"Oh?" Carter raised an eyebrow. "Then, have you kissed someone before?"

"Yes."

"Who was it?"

"Will," Wendy replied. "The Knight Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign."

"Ah… him," Carter smiled. He didn't mind Wendy having her first kiss stolen from her. What was important to him was the girl's chastity that was still intact. He even sneered at the Knight Commander for being too young and too naive to take advantage of the girl that was clearly infatuated with him.

Carter's gaze, that was fixed on Wendy's face, slowly shifted downwards. It stopped on her ample chest for a brief moment, before continuing to move down her body. The professor gazed at that "part" as if his eyes could see past through Wendy's clothes and smiled.

"How is the Knight Commander's kiss?" Carter asked. "Does it feel good?"

Wendy could feel the warmth spreading into her entire body like an aphrodisiac as Carter empowered the spell that had almost taken over her Sea of Consciousness.

"It feels good," Wendy replied as she once again fell into a trance. She couldn't take her eyes off the handsome professor in front of her.  

Wendy felt confused, but her thoughts were muddled right now. She couldn't think straight as the professor raised her chin with his fingertip.

"Would you like to kiss me?" Carter inquired while strengthening his hold over Wendy's consciousness.

"I-I…" Wendy's thoughts had turned completely blank. She couldn't muster any resistance to the spell that was urging her to say yes.

'Such sublime pleasure,' Carter thought as he watched the internal struggle in Wendy's eyes.

He then slowly lowered his head to taste the girl's luscious lips that were begging to be kissed.  

When the professor's lips were mere inches away from her own, the image of a red-headed boy appeared in Wendy's head.

"N-No!" Wendy hastily pushed Carter away and took a few steps back.

Carter was surprised, but soon an evil smile appeared on his lips. It was as if Wendy's last second struggle was turning him on.

"No?" Carter asked. "No, what?"

"I-I!" Wendy stuttered, but the image of the boy inside her head suddenly disappeared when Carter fully activated the spell inside her Sea of Consciousness.  

Wendy's expression slackened as her beautiful blue eyes clouded over. Carter's smile widened as he neared the girl.

His prey had already been cornered. All he needed to do was to reach out and make Wendy fall into the abyss of darkness.


Chapter 269

Charlotte watched from the side as Carter reached out his hand towards her "little sister".  

However, just as the Professor was about to claim his prize, a sudden knock on the door of his room stopped him in his tracks.

"This is the Knight Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign," a commanding voice sounded from outside the door. "There is an emergency situation and I am gathering the members of my Knight Order for a mission. I was told that my subordinate, Wendy Armstrong, was seen entering this house. I would like the residents to please cooperate with our Knight Order's mission."

Carter frowned because he was once again foiled from having his way with the young noble lady in front of him. However, he was someone who knew when to step back in order to obtain the bigger picture. Wendy was already under his full control. The girl wouldn't be able to escape even if she wanted to.

'I guess putting it off for later would[will] make the main dish more delicious,' Carter thought as he calmed the heat that was surging in his body. He took a step back and glanced at the door before looking back at the dazed girl in front of him.

"Let's continue this later," Carter said softly. "Visit me tonight, here in my room. Do you understand?"

"Yes," Wendy muttered absentmindedly.  

Her clouded eyes slowly returned to normal. Wendy blinked as she looked at the professor in front of her and tilted her head in confusion. She couldn't remember what happened after the professor had asked her to taste the candy. The blonde beauty couldn't even remember if she had tasted the candy or not.

"Um, about the candy?" Wendy fidgeted. "You were asking me earlier to taste test it right, Professor?"

"Don't worry. You can come back later and taste as many as you want." Carter grinned as he crossed his arms over his chest.

"Okay." Wendy smiled and nodded her head.  

Another knock was heard on the door as William's voice passed through Wendy's ears.

"Wendy? Are you here?" William asked. "We have an emergency mission. I came to find you."

Carter walked towards the door and opened it. He then came face to face with the boy who had prevented him from conquering his target.

"I've long heard about the Knight Commander's fame, but I didn't have the opportunity to make your acquaintance," Carter extended his hand for a handshake. "I am Professor Carter Aracelli, Third Year Magic Instructor."

"William," William replied as he shook the Professor's hand. "William Von Ainsworth."

Carter was about to say more when a faint fragrance, that came from the young boy's body, entered his nose. His pupils shrank in their sockets as he stared directly at the boy's chest.  

"Professor?" William asked. "Is there something wrong?"

"N-No," Carter stuttered. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Sir William."

"Same here, Professor," William said as he waited for the professor to release his hand. For some reason Carter was holding his hand in a vice-like grip, unwilling to let it go. "Professor. You can let go of me now."

As if awakening from his daze, Carter awkwardly released Wiliam's hand and scratched his cheeks. "I'm sorry. It was my first time shaking the hand of a Knight Commander and I lost my composure for a while."

"I see." William nodded. "Professor, we really have an urgent mission. If you don't mind, can you tell me if my subordinate, Wendy, is here?"

Hearing her name, Wendy opened the door wider and showed herself to William.

"I'm here, Will."

"Let's go. We need to go on an emergency mission."

"Understood," Wendy replied. "Sorry, I have to go now, Big Sister, Professor Carter."

"Don't worry about me and do your job properly." Charlotte waved at her.

"Be safe and may the Gods watch over the two of you." Carter pressed his fist over his chest.

"Thank you." William and Wendy said at the same time.

Carter and Charlotte even walked the two of them to the front door and gave them one final wave of farewell before returning inside the house.

"Professor, why don't we return to your room and continue where we left off?" Charlotte proposed in a seductive manner.

"There's no need to rush, My Love," Carter caressed the side of her face before giving her a kiss. "Handle your duties first and return here tonight. I suddenly remembered that I needed to do something important."

A look of disappointment flashed over Charlotte's face, but she still accepted Carter's excuse. "I will return tonight then."

"Good. I love you."

"I love you too, Professor."

The two shared a passionate kiss before parting ways.

Carter returned to his room in a hurry and closed the door behind him. His hand was trembling in excitement and there was a look of joy in his eyes.

"God's essence! That was definitely God's Essence!" Carter's eyes went bloodshot when he remembered the subtle power that pulsed within William's chest. "To think that I would find someone with God's Essence in this kingdom, and he seems to be completely oblivious of it! What a waste!"

Carter's handsome face contorted as he paced around his room. "I can't be wrong. That is definitely the scent of God Essence and it is stronger than the one that the Princess possesses."

In the past, he had encountered the same feeling when he was introduced to the Princess of the Demon Race. The Demon Princess was hailed as one of the Seven Deadly Sins and the God Essence inside her had the power to devour anything in existence.  

'What should I do?' Carter thought as he paced around the room. 'Should I report this?'

Carter immediately rejected this idea. Only a fool would report such a find to his superior and he was not stupid. Since he was the one who found it, he would claim it for himself and not share it with anyone!

"I need to rethink my strategy," Carter muttered. "The current one is no good… wait! That girl Wendy is close to him. I can use her! This is perfect!"

Carter began to laugh as a plan started to form inside his head. "Being a Knight Commander is far superior than being a talented instructor at the Royal Academy. I guess it's time to switch bodies again."

The professor grinned evilly. He never thought that he would find the perfect vessel--that held limitless possibilities--in a Kingdom that was assigned to him. Although he felt sorry for betraying his superior's orders, he was certain that once he got hold of William's body, no one in the world would be able to stop him.


Chapter 270

"Where are we going?" Wendy asked. "What mission will we be doing this time?"

William didn't answer as he led Wendy through the Solaris Dormitory. The students that saw them together immediately made themselves scarce because Williams was radiating a "Do not fck with me right now B*tches" aura.  

Wendy was oblivious of William's current expression because the red-headed boy was walking ahead of her. All she knew was that something was very different about the boy whom she had been with for the past few days.

When the two finally arrived inside William's room, the red-headed boy turned around and hugged Wendy all of a sudden.

The blonde beauty was caught by surprise because she didn't expect that William would suddenly hug her out of the blue. Also, the boy's body was trembling as if he was trying to hold himself back from doing something.

Wendy instinctively hugged him back and caressed the back of his head, "What's wrong? Did something happen?"

William didn't answer. Instead, he held her tighter. The scene where Carter almost kissed Wendy played over and over inside his head, and it made him feel like killing someone. He had used all of his willpower to stop himself from attacking the professor after he opened the door in his room.

He knew that he still didn't know whether the Professor was the true Mastermind behind it all, or if he had acquaintances that were working with him inside the academy. All he knew was that he couldn't allow Wendy to be tainted by a man who would resort to such lengths to ensnare the girl that he wanted to protect.

A girl that had found a place inside his heart.

After calming down, William reluctantly took a step back and faced the worried-looking girl in front of him.

"Wendy, I want to give you something," William said as he took out a lollipop from his pocket. He removed its wrapping and presented it to the girl who loved to eat candies.

"This is my candy," William said. "Try it. I'm sure that it tastes way better than all the candies that you have eaten in the past."

"Really?" Wendy took the candy from William's hand and appraised it. "This is the first time I've seen a candy like this. What is it called?"

"It's called a lollipop."

"Loli… pop?"

"Yes." William nodded. "Try it."

Wendy smiled and placed the pink lollipop inside her mouth and started to lick it. It wasn't as sweet as the candy that the Professor gave her, but there was an addicting taste to it that she couldn't explain. A few seconds later, she felt light-headed, and leaned helplessly against William's body for support.

"Don't worry," William whispered in Wendy's ear. "You're going to be fine now. Everything is going to be alright."

The lollipop inside Wendy's mouth dissolved completely, and its Divinity washed over Wendy's body like a gentle breeze. It felt so good that the girl sighed once before burying her head into William's chest to sleep.

William sighed in relief as he gently lifted her body and carried her towards the bed, so that she could sleep more comfortably. After taking off her shoes, the red-headed boy sat beside Wendy and held her hand.  

He had already made his decision to remove the spell inside Wendy's body. He wouldn't allow Carter to use the Mind Weaver Spell to force her to do something that she didn't want to do. The scenes that the system had shared with him while he ran full speed towards Carter's residence made him want to murder Carter a thousand times over.

If he was only a few seconds late, Wendy might have already been…

Killing intent rose within William's heart as his gaze sharpened like a blade. He had already considered Wendy his lover and he wouldn't allow Carter, or any man, to lay their hands on her.

William wouldn't allow it.

No matter who it was. Whether it was a Teacher, a Knight, a Prince, or a King, he would kill anyone who tried to hurt Wendy. He didn't mind dirtying his hands as long as the people that were important to him lived happy and carefree lives.  

Soon, the killing intent receded as William got hold of his senses. The System was currently monitoring the changes in Wendy's body and her vital signs had already returned to normal.

< Host, the Mind Weaver Spell has been completely erased from Wendy's Sea of Consciousness. She is no longer under its effects. Also, with the power of the Lollipop, she has gained a high resistance against Charm Spells that are not re-enforced by Divine Powers. >

'Thank you for the report,' William replied. 'Did you succeed in planting the tracker on the Professor's body when we shook hands?"

< Yes. Currently, the professor is sitting in his room with his eyes closed. I assume that he is just meditating, or perhaps controlling those under the effect of the Mind Weaver Spell from his location. >

'Continue to monitor him,' William ordered. 'If he does something suspicious, let me know right away.'

< Understood. >

-----

Somewhere in Asgard...

"William, do you want to join my team?" a beautiful valkyrie with red hair asked with a smile. "Your performance in the last battle against the Orcs was amazing. I'd like to have a brave warrior like you on my team."

"I'm sorry, but I'm already a member of Captain Wendy's Team," William replied.

The Valkyrie chuckled as she leaned her voluptuous body over William's. "I'm sure that I can give you more benefits than that tomboy could ever give you. If you like, I can even…"

"Hold it right there, B*tch!"

An enraged Wendy stormed towards William and pushed the red-haired Valkyrie aside.  

"How many times do I need to tell you, Herja, that William is my teammate?" Wendy asked with a glare. "Stop poaching the warriors from our legion!"

Herja crossed her arms over her chest and fearlessly returned Wendy's glare. "I'm just giving William an option. I mean, warriors are allowed to go to another Legion if they want to. You can't make them stay by force. This is the rule that Lady Freya has decreed, is it not?"

"Yes. What you say is true," Wendy replied with a smile that didn't reach her eyes. "However, blatant poaching of a warrior from another Legion is not included in Lady Freya's decree. You are overstepping your bounds. If William wants to leave my Legion then I will allow it. What I will not allow is for you, or any of the other Captains, to take him away by force!"

"Silly Wendy," Herja grinned. "I'm not forcing anyone. Like I said, I am only giving William an option. I am not the first, nor will be the last to ask him to jump ship. Others have already done so before me, so it's only normal for me to join the trend as well."

Herja was stating a fact and Wendy couldn't refute it. Among the new warriors that were brought to Valhalla, William was simply too eye-catching. His silver hair, coupled with his handsome looks already made him an eye-candy to the ladies. However, aside from his good looks, he was also a strong and very capable warrior.

A warrior who didn't shy away in the face of danger in order to protect his comrades and allow them time to escape from an enemy that was stronger than them. Valkyries may be warriors, but they were also maidens. They were constantly looking for a life partner that could protect their backs on the battlefield.

Wendy understood this, and that's why she was always in the lookout for those who were bold enough to seduce William and whisk him away from her hold.

Seeing that the look on Wendy's face was close to a breaking point, Herja decided to take her leave. Although they were both Valkyries, Wendy was stronger than her. It could even be said that Wendy was among the top three strongest Valkyrie Captains because she was blessed with superhuman strength.

She could easily turn an Orc Warrior's head into meat paste with a single slap. This was why most Valkyries didn't want to get on her bad side. The only reason why they dared to was because of William.

The silver-haired warrior was simply too irresistible for the Valkyrie Captains to ignore.

"Take your time and think about it, William," Herja said as wings sprouted behind her back. "You are welcome in my Legion anytime."

After saying those words, Herja flew towards the sky and gave William one last wink before flying away in the direction of her residence.

Wendy looked at the retreating figure with disdain. She was so close to summoning her spear and turning the hateful Valkyrie Captain into a skewered pig.

"William," Wendy said as she turned her head to look at the warrior who was looking at her with a calm expression. "I have something to ask of you."

William placed his hands behind his back as he stood straight like a sword. "Is it another mission? I am ready to go anytime, Captain."

Wendy chuckled. This was the sort of person William was. As long as it was a mission, he would do it in a serious manner that earned him the admiration, and respect of warriors and Valkyries alike.

'And because of this, I can't allow others to have you,' Wendy thought as she walked towards the warrior that she had personally taken from the battlefield of Midgard.  

She looked at his silver-hair, his beautiful light-green eyes, and his face that had made the ladies in Valhalla look at him like wolves finding their prey.

"William."

"Yes, Captain?"

"Will you marry me?"

"... Excuse me?"

Wendy looked at the confused teenager with a smile on her face. Her hands wrapped around his body in a light embrace. It was loose enough to allow William to not get suffocated, but firm enough to prevent him from escaping.

The tomboy Valkyrie Captain under Gunnr's legion had finally decided who her "Partner for Life'' would be. She would not allow anyone to take her silver-haired warrior away from her, so she decided to marry him and stop anyone from making advances on him.

"Will you marry me?" Wendy repeated. "I swear that if you say no, I'll break all of your bones and drag you to Lady Freya's quarters. There, we would exchange our vows and become partners for life. Don't worry, I'll ask the Goddess Idun to give me some of her golden apples to help your body heal after our wedding is done."

Wendy narrowed her gaze as she looked straight into William's eyes. They were the eyes of a woman that wouldn't take "No" for an answer.

"So, are you going to say yes? Or must I drag you kicking and screaming like a little girl? The choice is yours to make. Also, remember this, William. Pain is temporary, but my fists are eternal. If you don't want to suffer eternal pain, you should already know what answer you are going to give me, yes?"

"..."


Chapter 271

[Disclaimer: This chapter is R-18. You already know the drill *wink wink* ]

The sound of birds singing and water flowing from a small fountain reached William's ears as he found himself in an unfamiliar place.

He didn't know how or when it happened, but he was now half-submerged in what seemed to be a pool filled to the brim with spring water. The water was so clear that he could see the bottom without any problems. William scanned his surroundings to get an idea of where he was, but what he saw made his eyes widen in shock.  

A vast and beautiful valley, that was dyed in the red and yellow colors of autumn, appeared in front of his eyes. Several women with a pair of white wings behind their backs flew in the distance. They were wearing a type of armor that reminded William of the Valkyries in the games that he had played back on Earth.

It was late in the afternoon and the sun was slowly descending in the West. He estimated that it was only an hour or two away from sunset.

It didn't take long for him to realize that he was bathing in a pool that was on top of what seemed to be a mountain that overlooked everything around him. It felt so surreal, and luxurious, that the red-headed boy didn't know what to think.

"Aren't you finished bathing yet, husband?"

A bold voice filled with eager expectation sounded behind him.  

When William turned his head to look, he found himself staring at a beautiful lady who seemed to be in her early twenties looking at him with a satisfied smile.

Her long blonde hair rested on her waist, while a pair of light-blue eyes looked at him as if she was looking at the love of her life. The four pairs of wings behind her back flapped softly as she landed on the ground.

William looked at the lady in front of him and recognized her instantly. Although she was a bit older, taller, and more curvy, there was no doubt in his mind that the girl he was staring at was his "girlfriend", Wendy.

Like the "Valkyries" he had seen earlier, Wendy was also wearing a set of revealing lightweight armor that made William wonder if it really offered some[any] kind of protection.

"What's wrong? Haven't you finished bathing?" Wendy inquired as she moved closer. "Ah! Maybe you are waiting for me to finish my duties, so that I can join you? As expected of my beloved. You really do love me."

William didn't know how to react because things were happening way too fast for him to process. Before he could even reply to the lady in front of him, the latter had already removed her armor and waded into the pool towards him.

"W-Wendy?" William inquired. "You're Wendy, right?"

"Of course, I'm Wendy," Wendy frowned. "What's wrong? Do you not even recognize your own wife?"

Wendy had already arrived beside William and playfully caressed his chest. The moment her soft, delicate hands touched his skin, a surge of electric current passed through William's body.

That was when he realized that there were a few things about his body that were different. He was a head taller than the lady in front of him, and his body was more muscular compared to his fourteen-year-old self.  

William grabbed his hair and found it long enough to rest on his shoulder. The surprising part about this was that the color of his hair was silver!

He tried to reel in the surprise and confusion he was feeling and decided to ask the beautiful lady some questions.  

"Wendy, where are we?" William asked as he stopped Wendy's flirtatious hand from moving downwards. "Where are Priscilla, Est, and the others?"

The air suddenly became tense as Wendy narrowed gaze. "Who is this Priscilla, Est and the others you are talking about? Are you having an affair with the other Valkyries behind my back?"

Wendy released a powerful pressure that descended on William like a mountain. The expression of the beautiful young lady suddenly changed into a Warrior Princess who had just caught her husband cheating on her.

"Hey, why aren't you answering my questions?" Wendy asked as her hand gripped William's wrist. The sound of something breaking and the pain that followed after made the silver-haired young man wince in pain.

Seeing his pained expression, Wendy immediately released her hold on his wrist and the tense atmosphere disappeared completely.  

"S-Sorry," Wendy apologized as she cradled William's injured hand. "You know that I'm a very jealous person. You should know better than to mention the names of other girls in my presence."

She then took out a small slice of apple from out of nowhere and made William eat it.

"This apple came from the golden apples of the Goddess Idun," Wendy explained. "It will heal most injuries, and we usually only use it when we are injured in battle. I only have three more slices, so you'd better not hurt yourself, okay?"

William wanted to say that the one who hurt him was her, but he knew better than to argue with the lady who looked like the grown-up version of Wendy, but with a more brutal personality.

A few seconds after eating the sliced apple, William's injury was healed completely. He moved his hand, and arm and deemed that everything was working properly.  

Wendy simply watched from the side as if she was amused by William's actions.

"Um, you said I am your husband, when did we get married?" William inquired. He needed to get more information about his "wife" and this world that felt familiar to him.

"Has your head injury still not fully recovered?" Wendy asked back. "The healers said that some of your memories might have been affected because of your injury, but I didn't know that it was this serious."  

Wendy suddenly became anxious as she cupped William's face. "I'm sorry. I wasn't able to control my strength and pushed you away during our wedding night. I didn't expect that it would hurt so much after you put your…"

Wendy gulped as she lowered her head to look at the "Little William" that was currently poking her belly.

William was secretly admonishing his little guy for getting excited without his permission. Even so, he kept a calm expression as he listened to Wendy's explanation.  

"I knew you were a true warrior when I brought your soul back from the battlefield. But, I never expected that you would be very manly down there as well," Wendy blushed as she averted her gaze. "We only got married three days ago, but because of your injury, I had no choice but to wait until you were fully healed to continue the consummation of our marriage.

"My senior said that since we have done it once already, it shouldn't hurt as much when we do it the second time. Don't worry, they gave me ropes that can withstand the strength of a Valkyrie. You can tie me up later, so I won't be able to hurt you again."

William did his best to prevent his lips from twitching after hearing Wendy's explanation. He was still finding it hard to match the "crude and bold" lady in front of him from the "delicate and straightforward girl" who would instantly blush the moment he smiled at her.

'So, we got married three days ago, but when I "Jammed it In" during our honeymoon, she got hurt and gave me a serious head injury,' William thought as beads of sweat formed on his forehead. 'She also managed to acquire ropes so that I could tie her up to prevent me from getting hurt again. I didn't know that I'd be able to experience bondage play for the first time in my life in a dream.'

William looked at his wife and pulled her close to him. He then brushed her long, silky, blonde hair as he organized his thoughts. Wendy, on the other hand, closed her eyes and wrapped her arms around William's back.

Their bodies pressed against each other, as the light of the sunset slowly disappeared on the horizon.

Half an hour later, Wendy flew in the air holding William in a princess carry. She headed towards a residence that was located on the cliff of the mountain.  

The two of them had a light-dinner and then the ever-excited-wife half-dragged William towards the bedroom.  

Although William had no experience on how the deed was done, he had watched enough H to understand the basics, not to mention, a certain old man that specialized in stamina training taught him the tricks on how to make ladies feel good.  

'I didn't think that Owen's 444 love making techniques would be used in a dream,' William mused as he tied the beautiful lady up, according to her wishes. Although he still didn't understand why he had suddenly appeared in Valhalla, he decided to go with the flow for now.

After tying Wendy's arms and legs to the four corners of the bed, he kissed her forehead before looking straight into her eyes.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" William asked. "You can still say no, and I will untie you right away."

"You are my husband and I am your wife," Wendy answered. "I had to fight the other valkyries to call dibs on you first, you know? It's your fault for standing out too much. Will, I have been waiting for this day for months. Don't make me wait any longer, please."

Seeing Wendy's pleading gaze, William finally let go of all inhibitions and kissed her lips passionately. He then moved downwards to kiss her neck, her collarbone, and the two majestic peaks that stood proudly on her chest.

William did his best to control his emotions and did his best to be gentle. At first, he thought that everything he was seeing was just a dream. But the pain he had felt when Wendy crushed his wrist was so real that he was finding it hard to treat everything like an illusion.

Wendy's sighs of pleasure reverberated in the room and it made William breath ragged. He was only caressing her body, and yet, Wendy was already driving him crazy with her seductive voice filled with pleasure.

In the end, he was unable to resist the urge and gave in to his instinct. He gently spread Wendy's legs as he prepared to finish what he had started. William gave her one last kiss on the lips before he lowered his hips and…


Chapter 272

When William opened his eyes, something golden appeared in his line of sight. Soon, the sound of a soft and steady breath of a sleeper reached his ears.

He was still not fully awake, but he did recognize the girl that was within his embrace. It was at that moment when images of passionate love-making filled his head. William's body stiffened and all the drowsiness that was still lingering in his body, disappeared completely.

Slowly, but surely, William disentangled himself from the blonde beauty in his embrace. He then looked at Wendy with a serious expression and noticed a few things that made him sigh in relief.

'It was just a dream,' William thought as he patted his chest in relief.  

Wendy was still wearing her school uniform, and her youthful face showed that she was still in her early teens. The red-headed boy wasn't able to stop himself from comparing the young and beautiful Wendy, to the curvaceous adult Wendy in his dreams.

'In a few years, she will definitely make the heads of every man turn towards her,' William mused as he brushed away the lock of hair that had fallen over her sleeping face.  

He had turned the protection of his dormitory room to its highest setting which made it impossible for anyone to leave the room without his permission. William still remembered Carter's order to Wendy to meet him last night, so the Half-Elf locked her inside his room to prevent her from sneaking off towards the Professor's residence.

Although the system had said that the spell had been completely wiped away from her Sea of Consciousness, William didn't want to take any chances and took the matter into his own hands.

He then asked the system to do one final check on Wendy's body to see if there were any anomalies.  

< Host, all the parameters on Wendy's body and Sea of Consciousness are all normal. There are no side-effects from the Mind Weaver Spell and there is no chance for it to work on her in the future. >

'Good. Thank you.'

< You're Welcome. >

After the system had made its report, William once again looked at the girl who was sleeping peacefully on his bed. Once again, he was reminded of the "love making" that he had done with the adult Wendy in his dreams.

'I can't believe we did thirty rounds,' William covered his face that had turned red from embarrassment. 'This won't do. I need to cool myself down.'

The Half-Elf left the bed and headed straight into the bathroom. For some reason, he could still feel the lingering warmth of Wendy's body and it was making his own body heat up.  

William was a healthy fourteen-year-old boy. Having that kind of dream, and waking to see himself embracing a beauty in his arms, it was impossible not to have any kind of reaction. Little Wiliam was already rearing his head as if he was prepared to fight for another thirty rounds.  

William didn't know if he should laugh or cry that his dependable "Junior" had awoken its eagerness for a night battle.

Soon, the sound of running water could be heard from the bathroom as William soaked his body with cold water. He hoped that it would be enough to drive away the sudden heat that had awakened inside of him after ascending the steps of adulthood… inside his dream.

-----

Wendy slowly opened her eyes the moment William entered the bathroom. It didn't take long before her entire face turned a shade of red as she recalled the dream she had. In her dream, she watched as her adult self and the silver-haired William made love to each other.

'I can't believe they did it thirty times,' Wendy thought as she rolled on top of the bed. It was her first time seeing the actual deed and it made her face blush in shame and embarrassment.  

After rolling for a few more times on top of the bed, the blonde beauty hugged William's pillow and wondered if the boy she liked would be able to accomplish the same feat that the silver-haired William had done in her dreams.

She knew that William had no intention of doing those things to her at this point in time because they were still too young, but her heart wouldn't stop beating wildly inside her chest. Wendy didn't want to admit it, but she felt envious of the adult Wendy in her dreams.

'She looked so satisfied afterwards,' Wendy thought with a reddened face. 'I wonder if I'll have the same face after Will finally decides to embrace me.'

-----

Inside Carter's Room…

Carter was finalizing the plan he had concocted after realizing the limitless potential that was hidden in William's body. His desire to obtain this new vessel made it become his top priority.

After taking control of the Knight Commander's body, he would marry Wendy, Charlotte, Annie, and two more noble ladies in the Hellan Kingdom and build his influence.

He would stage an act on the day of the Inter-Division Battle where "he would die" under the Knight Commander's hand. Carter needed to do this in order to fool the Demon General that was his superior.  

He would then take his time to train his new abilities, as well as his brides, and slowly chip away at the power of the King of the Hellan Kingdom through schemes and deceit.

Afterwards, he would stage a civil war, and crown himself the new King. "Carter" believed that it would only take him ten years at most to put this new plan into motion. By then, he would have mastered the powers in William's body and taken over the entire Southern Continent.

By then, he would no longer need to take orders from anyone. He would be the supreme ruler of the entire continent and everyone would bow under his feet.  

A few hours ago, he felt that the control he had over Wendy disappeared completely. It surprised him at first, but he soon accepted this outcome. For someone that had God Essence inside his body, it was very possible for him to erase the spell that had been planted within Wendy's Sea of Consciousness.

This discovery didn't make Carter feel anxious. There was no way for anyone to know that the spell originated from him. He had ensured that the spell couldn't be traced back to him.  

This was why he was confident that William wouldn't become suspicious of him.  

After his connection to Wendy was cut, Carter immediately formulated a new set of plans in his head. Although he would have to do it in a roundabout manner, he was confident that he would succeed in luring William to his location.  

He had many pawns in his hands, so he was not worried that he would run out of subordinates to carry out his orders. First, he would conduct a massacre in order to create a diversion. Then he would lure the boy to a safe location and deal with him there.

He had done this countless times in the past, and he was confident that he would succeed this time as well. He had taken over the bodies of individuals far stronger than William, but he had never taken over a body with a God Essence inside it.

The thrill of conquest made him feel anxious and excited at the same time. Anxious because he didn't know what to expect, and excited because he was confident that even though there were unknown factors, he was still confident that he would be able to take over William's body using the methods he had developed over the years.

'William Von Ainsworth,' Carter thought. His eyes glinted in delight for the future that was laid out for him. 'Enjoy the last few days you have in this world. For they will soon come to an end.'

He was confident that with the preparations he had planned, William's body was already as good as his.  


Chapter 273

< Gained Exp Points: 1,000 >

< Gained Exp Points: 1,000 >

< Gained Exp Points: 1,000 >

< Gained Exp Points: 1,000 >

William sat in a meditative position inside a spacious cavern at the Thousand Beast Domain. This is where he had deposited the Magic Crystal Cavern that he had acquired in the Kyrintor Mountains, during their special mission.

Not far from him, Dia, Thor, and Ragnar lay in a special nest where they slept peacefully.  

They were still in the midst of their hibernating period. The System told William that letting the three kids stay inside the Magic Crystal Cavern would greatly help them with their growth. Since that was the case, William decided to let the three rest inside the cavern for the remainder of their hibernation.

The other beasts within the domain also didn't want to miss out on this and gathered inside the cavern as well. The Kasogonaga, Fenrir and the Trollhounds, the Blood Eagle, Cercopes Monkeys, as well as the Angray Birds were all inside the cavern to strengthen their bodies.  

All of them were magical beasts, so having a steady source of magic power was beneficial for all of them.  

Ella laid beside the nest of the three kids and looked at them with gentle eyes. She hoped that Dia, Thor, and Ragnar would soon awaken from their slumber and aid William in his undertakings.  

With the help of the Magic Crystals and the three Centennial Ants that it had eaten, the Kasogonaga's Rank has increased to a Class B Beast. It was currently the strongest creature that resided inside the Thousand Beast Domain, followed by Fenrir and the Blood Eagle, Scadrez, who both became Class C Beasts not long ago.

The Trollhounds, Angray Birds, and the Cercopes Monkeys, had also increased their ranks to the middle stages of Class D Beasts.

William was very satisfied with the rapid growth of his small legion that would become his main fighting force, aside from his Knight Order.  

Everytime the Half-Elf visited the Thousand Beast Domain to check on the kids, and his legion, he had spent an hour or two absorbing the Magic Essence in the air, to increase the level of his Ice Wizard Job Class.  

< Gained Exp Points: 1,000 >

< Gained Exp Points: 1,000 >

< Gained Exp Points: 1,000 >

When he was inside the cavern, he would gain a thousand experience points every five minutes. With such an ideal place to cultivate, William wished that he could stay there for a long time.

Sadly, he was too busy and could only stay for a few hours inside the domain everyday.

After exactly an hour, William stood up and left the cavern. Like always, he visited the different places inside his domain and consulted with The System about possible add-ons they could include after they gained more God Points.

Suddenly, William's body trembled and a searing pain spread across his chest. The pain was so intense that William felt that his chest was being ripped apart by an invisible force.  

"System, what is happening?!" William asked through gritted teeth.  

< Host, the seal on your magic powers is about to break. The pain you are feeling right now is due to the reemergence of the magical power that had been suppressed for the last five years. >

William's eyes widened in shock when he heard The System's reply. Soon, the surprise was replaced by happiness, but the pain he was currently experiencing made it hard for him to laugh out loud.

It was then when realized that the seal on his powers broke a few weeks earlier than he initially estimated. When he asked the system about this matter, the latter told him that it was due to the absorption of the dark energy from the twin dungeon cores, which sped up the seal's duration.  

As if waiting for that exact moment, a powerful shockwave pulsed around the Half-Elf as the shackles that bound his magic powers broke one by one.  

The ground froze solid and Ice Spikes protruded out from the ground as William's first magic based Job Class, Ice Wizard, resurfaced. A blizzard suddenly appeared out of nowhere, covering his surroundings in a snowy haze.  

The sky of the Thousand Beast Domain darkened as thick storm clouds covered the sun. Dark energy oozed out from William's body as the chains binding his Dark Magic broke apart as well.  

Thunder rumbled and lightning snaked across the heavens. Some lightning bolts descended into the dark blizzard that was rampaging on the ground. A few seconds later, a terrifying tornado of ice, darkness, and lightning spiralled towards the heavens.

Kasogonaga opened its eyes after sensing the disturbance within the domain. It hurriedly ran outside the cavern to investigate when a white blur streaked past it. Ella had also felt that something was happening to William, so she decided to temporarily leave her wards as she went out to check on his condition.  

The other creatures, except the three hibernating beasts, also rushed out of the cavern to see what was going on.  

When they saw the giant tornado in the distance, they instinctively knew that William was at the center of it all.

"T-This?!" The Kasogonaga's mouth dropped open as it sensed the overwhelming magic power that was congregating in the location of the dark tornado. As a Demigod, it had seen many things in its long life, but it had never seen someone wield so many powers inside their body.

Aside from the prevalent Ice, Darkness, and Lightning Magic, Kasogonaga also felt several powers which belonged to Fire, Wind, Earth, and Water. What was surprising was that it also felt that there were other powers in the mix that were almost too subtle to notice.

'Can a Half-Elf really wield all of these powers inside his body?' the Kasogonaga thought as it tried to understand what it was currently seeing. 'No. Even those bastard Elves could only wield three kinds of powers at most, and they were among the races that are proficient in wielding Magic and Spirit powers.'  

The Deity of the Sky shot down its initial assessment because William's current state was something that it had seen for the first time. After their talk during the battle at the Kyrintor Mountains, the Kasogonaga understood that William wanted to visit the Silvermoon Continent to see his mother and also find a way to save his father.

Because of this, the two had come to an understanding that they were not enemies and could even cooperate with each other in order to return Kasogonaga to its former glory.

'This is also a good thing,' the Kasogonaga mused. 'Currently, I don't have the power to drown those long eared bastards to oblivion. However, having a strong ally would help me get stronger as well.'

While the Kasogonaga was deep in its thoughts, the denizens of the Thousand Beast Domain looked at their master with awe and admiration.  

'I knew that following him was not a mistake,' Fenrir, the leader of the Trollhounds looked at the violent tornado with happiness. After it received William's blessing, it became smarter and stronger than the average trollhounds.  

After it hit Rank C, it unlocked the ability to communicate with William, and the other members of his King's Legion via telepathy. Fenrir glanced at the other trollhounds. Sensing their leader's gaze, the Trollhounds looked back at Fenrir with undisguised happiness.

'Grow strong, My Brothers.' Fenrir gave a low growl. 'Someday, our Master will need our strength. We mustn't disappoint him!'

The Trollhounds howled in unison in reply to Fenrir's words. All of them vowed that they would become strong in order to fight by their Leader's and Master's side whenever their aid was needed.

The Cercopes Monkeys, who were usually rowdy, had quieted down. The same could be said for the Angray Birds who liked to curse at others.  

Scadrez, the Blood Eagle, perched on top of the Hyperion Tree as its bloody eyes locked onto the Half-Elf that was at the center of the tornado. Unlike the others, it was a creature that could see past through most things and focus its gaze on anything that had "blood" in it.

William had promised it that he would supply it with Beasts to eat in order for it to become stronger. So far, it had only preyed upon the Goblins inside the Goblin Crypt. To be honest, it was growing tired of eating Goblins.  

It hoped that in the future, William would be able to let it eat its fill of stronger and more powerful monsters outside the Thousand Beast Domain.

Half an hour later, the unprecedented phenomenon had ended.  

William stood with his eyes closed as orbs of power made up of Ice, Darkness, Lightning, Fire, Wind, Earth, and Water, circled around his body.

A ray of light fell from the sky, as the dark clouds parted. The golden radiance of the sun joined the other elements as they moved around William's body as if they were dancing.

It was as if they were celebrating that they had regained their freedom and could once again aid the Half-Elf in the battles that he was about to face in the future.

William opened his eyes as the flow of magic power circulated inside his body.  

"Glacial Lance," William said softly. Although he could summon the lance with just a thought, he decided to voice it out loud in order to declare that he was once again able to use his magic powers.

With a thought he shot it towards the sky, leaving a trail of white mist as it ascended into the heavens.  

William threw several more glacial lances in rapid succession as he once again tested the extent of his powers.  

The red-headed boy then bought a giant solid boulder from the God Shop that cost one God Point. He planned to use it for target practice to test his other powers.

William pointed his finger at the boulder as his hand imitated that of a gun.  

"Bang!" William shouted as he shot a void arrow at the giant boulder. Although this skill's main purpose was to blind its target, it also dealt a bit of dark magic, making it a nice alternative to deal both status and damage to William's enemies.

The black arrow hit the boulder and small shrapnels of rock burst from its body.  

Feeling like a child again, William fired Void Arrows using both hands like a gunslinger in one of the movies that he watched when he was still back on earth.  

Seeing his playful attitude, the Kasogonaga decided to join in on the fun as it curled up into a ball and charged towards William's direction.

Soon, the two engaged in a mock battle sending spells flying in all directions.  

Ella shook her head as she watched the two "children" play their hearts out while they cursed at each other. It had been a while since she last saw William this happy. She hoped, more than anything else in the world, that the Half-Elf would continue to smile for more years to come.


Chapter 274

After having a fun spar with Kasogonaga, William exited the Thousand Beast Domain.  

Ironically, the moment he left the domain, Wendy knocked on the door after finishing her morning lessons to ask him if he wanted to have lunch with her.  

William happily agreed to Wendy's proposal and went to the usual spot where they would always have a picnic together. When they arrived at their destination, Est and the twins were already there and had already spread out the food on the picnic blanket.

"The lovebirds have finally arrived," Est said in a sarcastic manner. "Ian, prepare the melon seeds. I heard that Half-Elves love them."

William smiled and sat down in front of Est, while Wendy sat beside him. "I do love melon seeds. Ian, do you have some?"

"My seeds are too good for you. Better find someone else's," Ian replied with a snort.

Wendy lightly patted William's shoulder and whispered, "I'll buy you some later. I didn't know you liked them."

"Thank you," William replied as he unconsciously kissed her forehead.  

Est and Ian stiffened because the Half-Elf didn't even try to hide their PDA in front of them. Isaac, who was watching from the side lit a candle in his heart. He prayed for the Half-Elf's swift and painless death after his Young Master and twin brother had their way with him.

"The two of you should just get a room," Est said with a fed up expression. "Aren't you afraid that lightning will strike you down for acting lovey dovey like this in public?"

For some reason, he couldn't stop the irritation that was slowly surfacing in his heart, from showing.

William, on the other hand, smirked. He was not afraid of lightning falling down from the heavens. After all, his Job Class "Prince of Thunder" was not just for show.

"Calm down and cool yourself down." William grabbed the jug of fruit juice with a mischievous grin plastered on his face. "Here, let me help you."

Suddenly, the exterior of the jug was covered with a thin layer of ice. Est's, Ian's, Isaac's, and Wendy's eyes widened in shock as they looked at the frozen jug before shifting their attention to William.

"You recovered your magic power?" Est inquired with a serious expression on his face. "When did it return?"

To be honest, Est felt very guilty for the sacrifice that William had made in the Trial of Courage. He had long wanted to find a way to repay the Half-Elf for helping him clear the trial. His initial thoughts were to have him knighted and added to the Knight Order of Gladiolus.  

However, never in his wildest dreams did he consider that the Half-Elf would found his own Knight Order that was recognized by the King.

"Just an hour ago," William replied. "It's quite unfortunate that I can't use it in the Inter-Division Battles. I bet everyone's jaws would drop off if I start shooting ice shards in the middle of the fight."

Wendy frowned as a sudden realization came to her mind. "Since you have your magic back, shouldn't you be in the Magic Division as well? How about you tell the professors about a transfer? I'm sure Professor Layla would be extremely happy to have you."

After their relationship had become more serious, William had also told her the story of how his powers were sealed. Back then, Wendy felt sad because if William hadn't lost his powers, he would be in the Magic Division with her.  

"That's right!" Ian seconded Wendy's claim. "It is only right for you to be in the Magic Division since you have regained your powers."

Est, however, shook his head. "Although he could do that, he won't. Isn't that right, Will?"

William nodded to acknowledge Est's words.

"I will stay in the Martial Division," William replied. "At least, until this school year ends. I still have a lot of things to do, and leaving the Martial Division at this time will lower their morale. I can't do that."

Everyone quieted down after hearing William's reply. They knew about William's responsibility as the Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign. Right now, the Half-Elf was the pride of the Martial Division. If he suddenly switched to the Magic Division, they would be devastated.

"Let's not worry about this for now." William cleared his throat to change the topic. "For now, you should just focus on thinking of ways to beat our lineup. Mind you, even if all the big shots among the First Years were to band together, you guys won't get an easy win."

"Don't worry," Est commented in a calm manner. "I'll make sure to beat you up in the arena."

"Oh, you sound confident. I wonder where that confidence of yours is coming from?"

"Just you wait. I'll wipe that smug smile on your face and win the bet we have agreed upon."

Wendy, who was eating from the side, raised her head to observe William's and Est's banter. Deep in her heart, she thanked the Gods that Est was born as a boy. Her boyfriend and her Head Prefect get along so well that it would often make her jealous.

'Fortunately Head Prefect is not a girl,' Wendy thought. 'If he was, he would be a more dangerous love rival than Rebecca.'

After eating their lunch, Wendy, Est, and the twins returned to the Magic Division for their afternoon classes.  

The Half-Elf had already decided to skip classes for the day because he had more important things to do.  

"I just hope he will believe me," William muttered as he walked towards the Dean's Office. Since the issue with Carter concerned the entire school, it would be appropriate to let Simon know about it before it was too late.

-----

"Tell me, William, how did you come to know this information?" Simon inquired. The Elf looked at the red-headed boy with a serious expression.

They were currently inside the Dean's office and a powerful enchantment had been put in place to prevent eavesdroppers from getting wind of their conversation.  

"I can't tell you how I got the information," William replied with a calm expression on his face. "However, I can guarantee that this information is credible."

"Really?" Simon narrowed his eyes as he stared at the youngest Knight Commander of the Hellan Kingdom. "Let me get this straight. You're saying that a professor is subtly taking control of the students inside the academy through the use of candies?"

"Yes."

"Do you have any proof?"

"I brought some candies with me," William said as he placed the pouch of candies that he had confiscated from Wendy on top of the table. "Please, check them yourself, Sir."

Simon nodded and opened the pouch. He then took one candy from it and used his spirit power to give it a closer inspection.

A minute later, the Elf returned the candy inside the pouch and nodded his head.  

"You're right," Simon commented. "There is indeed a strand of Spirit Power embedded inside it. If not for my strong spiritual sense, I would have not discovered it."

"What are you going to do, Sir?" William asked. "If this continues, I am afraid that more of the students might fall prey to this dangerous scheme."

Simon took the candy pouch and stored it inside his storage ring. He then looked at William in contemplation as if weighing the words that he wanted to say.

"Rest assured, I will take precautions to handle this matter," Simon stated. "For now, I want you to keep this secret to yourself in order to not alarm the mastermind behind this 'candy incident'. Not a word to anyone, do you understand? We should be ready for the possibility that the Professor doing this behind the scenes is able to tap into the memories of the people under their control.

"If word of this spreads then our chances of capturing the mastermind will disappear completely. Who knows? He might also have acquaintances hiding in the background. For now, act as if nothing is wrong. Also, there's no need for you to look for me again if you discover something else. I have my own ways of monitoring the people inside my own backyard."

William nodded his head. He felt a little relieved that Simon took his words seriously. In the beginning, he was afraid that the Dean of the Academy wouldn't believe him and might even accuse him of spreading fake news.

Fortunately, that was not the case and William left the Dean's Office feeling slightly better. With Simon's help, he was confident that they would be able to catch all those who were involved with Carter if the two of them worked together.  

A few minutes after William left the room, Simon sighed and knocked on the top of his table.

"You can come out now," Simon said. "It seems that your Young Master is very able. To think that he managed to know about this scheme without any of you telling him is quite a feat."

A black mist gathered in the center of the room. Soon, a man wearing a hooded black robe materialized in front of the Dean of the Academy.

"So far, everything is in order," Ezio replied. "While the Commander feels a little guilty in not telling Young Master Matthew and Young Master William about the details of our operation, it is for their own good. Also, it limits the person in the know which would prevent the leakage in information."

"Are you sure that William will not tell anyone else about his discovery?"

"He won't. The fact that he came to you with this secret is because he also understands the meaning of discretion. So, for his sake, and the sake of all the students in the Academy, we mustn't fail. Failure is not an option, you also understand this, right?"

Simon sighed before nodding his head. In fact, he knew that Carter was only a pawn behind the candy incident, which was something that William was not aware of. Although the academy looked peaceful on the surface, there were many things being done behind the scenes in preparation for the battle that was about to come.


Chapter 275

William was like an overprotective boyfriend as he accompanied Wendy wherever she went. This caused the rumors about the two of them to spread to the other divisions and it made Wendy secretly happy.

How could she not be happy?

She could still remember the passionate words that William told her a day ago which made her feel like she was on cloud nine.

------

"Wendy, will you be my girlfriend?" William asked.  

"Yes!" Wendy replied in a heartbeat.  

She was afraid that if she was a second late in her reply, William would change his mind and tell her that he was just joking. This was why, when she confirmed that the handsome Half-Elf was serious about asking her out, she let go of all of her worries and kissed him passionately for two minutes!

When their lips parted from each other, she buried her face into William's chest and hugged him tight.  

"Is this a dream?" Wendy asked anxiously. "Am I dreaming?"

William gently patted the back of her head and assured her that she was not dreaming. All he asked of her was to keep their relationship a secret for the time being because he didn't want to make things difficult for his Grandpa, James, and the Old Fox, Lawrence.

"I'm sorry," William apologized. "Although you are now my girlfriend, and I will do my best to always be by your side, I'm afraid that I can't declare it publicly. You already know that I still have an agreement with Rebecca and I still need to give my Grandpa and Sir Lawrence some face.

"I will only be able to give you hugs and kisses when the two of us are behind closed doors. I'm sorry if you find my affection for you lacking when both of us are in the outside world."

Wendy kissed William's cheeks as she looked him in the eye to give her reply. "I understand. However, you'd better make up for it when it's just the two of us, alright?"

"Okay," William replied.

Wendy fidgeted before asking the question that was nagging at her mind. She knew that nobles usually had many wives and she was afraid to confront William about this matter in fear that he would think that she was a nosy lover.

However, in order to prepare herself for the future, she still decided to ask to put her mind at ease.

"Will, how many wives do you plan to have?"

"... Promise me that you won't get angry at me if I give you my answer."

"... How many?"

Wendy thought that William was going to say a dozen, because some nobles really did have a dozen wives and even secret mistresses that they hid in the shadows. She hoped that William wouldn't go that route because she knew that she was the very jealous type of girl.

"Nine Wives...," William said.

"Nine Wives?!" Wendy gasped.  

Although the number of women her boyfriend planned to marry was many, it was still better than William having a dozen wives.  

Wendy grudgingly nodded her head before looking at William with a pout.  

"Womanizer."

"Sorry."

"Will I be the first wife?" Wendy asked.  

This was an important matter that she had to know. In every household, the position of first wife was important. It had the highest rank among the other wives and the woman that held this rank was considered to be the groom's "Main Wife".

"Yes," William said softly. "You will be my first wife."

"Good." Wendy nodded her head and hugged William. "Will, I love you."

"I love you too, Wendy," William kissed her forehead and held her tight. Now that he had already made his feelings known, his heart was finally at peace.  

------

"If you don't look where you are going, you are going to trip," William reminded the daydreaming girl who seemed to have her head in the clouds as they walked towards the training area for their Knight Order.

Wendy looked left and right to ensure that no one was around them. After seeing that the coast was clear, she then moved close to William and whispered words of love in William's ears. The red-headed boy smiled and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek before arriving at their destination.

Today was an important day because William planned to ensure that none of his members were going to be affected by the Mind Weaver spell that was slowly spreading throughout the academy.

Although he felt guilty, he didn't remove the spell inside Est's and Isaac's bodies. The system had already informed him that Carter had distinctly felt the loss of his connection to Wendy when William fed her his lollipop.

He didn't want the latter to become more suspicious, so he refrained from openly targeting those that were still affected by the spell. William still didn't know the professor's motives and those of his acquaintances, if he had any, within the Royal Academy.

"Everyone line up!" William ordered as soon as he arrived at the training grounds. "Today, I will give all of you a special treat for all of your hard work."

He then took out a few pouches from his storage ring and handed them to his officers.  

"Each of you takes one lollipop," William said in a commanding tone. "This is your reward for all of your hard work. Now, all of you eat it before we start today's training."

Although everyone felt confused why their Commander was suddenly distributing a snack for everyone, none of them complained. Each of them stuck the lollipops inside their mouths and began to eat it.

The system had informed him ahead of time that there had been a few members of his Knight Order that had been affected by the Mind Weaver Spell.

'So, it's concentrated in the Magic Division,' William thought.

< Affirmative. Fortunately, the Fourth Years seemed to be untouched by the effect of the Mind Weaver Spell. It seems that Professor Carter has only targeted the First Year[delete s] up to the Third Year Students of the Magic Division. >

William nodded in understanding.  

'He thinks that those without magic power are useless, so he's left the Martial Division alone,' William mused. 'Also, the Spirit Division has very strong awareness in their Sea of Consciousness. They would immediately detect a spell that tried to invade their minds, causing them to conduct an investigation.'

Although he was an enemy, William had to admire Carter's meticulous planning. Now, all that was left for him to do was uncover the professor's agenda. As long as he was able to know it, he would be able to stop it!

William's gaze scanned the members of his Knight Order with a serious expression. He wouldn't allow anyone to take control of the organization that he had built from scratch, for they were the sword and shield that would protect the Hellan Kingdom from those who wished to harm it.

-----

Meanwhile at the borders of the Hellan Kingdom…

A legion of Hippogriffs flew in a battle formation as they entered the borders of their allied Kingdom.  

They had already been informed beforehand of the upcoming war between the Hellan Kingdom and the Two Dynasties that were just outside their borders.  

Because of this, they had been very vigilant during their travels and had been on high alert ever since.  

In the middle of the battle formation was a flying carriage pulled by a Blade Wyvern. This Wyvern was a Centennial Beast and boasted incredibly high fighting abilities. Just like its name suggested, this Wyvern specialized in physical combat and its whole body was as hard as adamantium.  

Its beak, and wings were razor sharp and could easily split steel armor into two. It was one of the protectors that ensured Princess Sidonie's safety from anyone who wished her harm.

Inside the carriage, the Third Princess of Freesia glanced at the scenery outside the carriage window. She had visited the Hellan Kingdom a few years ago, and she found it to be a strong kingdom that equaled their own.

Although she was not interested in politics, she still studied the history and current situation of the three kingdoms that were outside the borders of Freesia. Her reason for doing this was simple.

She was looking for a candidate that might help her understand the true meaning of love. A love that was strong enough to overcome the power of seduction that had been with her from the day she was born.

Currently, her "followers" had reported a few interesting individuals that appeared in the Hellan Kingdom. When she browsed the contents of the list, one particular name stood out from the rest.

-----

Name: William Von Ainsworth

Race: Half-Elf

Age: 14

Magic Power: None

Spiritual Power: None

Physical Fitness: A

Potential: A

Assessment overview: Excellent Physical Prowess, but no Magic Power. Recommended to be placed under the Martial Class Division.

-- Currently the youngest Knight Commander in the History of the Hellan Kingdom.  

-- According to the reports, his fighting abilities are either at the Peak of the Silver Rank, or in the initial stages of the Gold Rank.  

-- He wears a slave collar on his neck. There is no information on who his master is.

Pros:

-- A Half-Elf so his looks are very pleasing to the eyes.

-- Holds a high position due to being a Knight Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign

Cons:

-- Has no Magic Power

-- Has no Spirit Power

-- Very Narcissistic

-- He calls a Goat his Mama

-- A slave

------

'A slave and a Knight Commander at the same time?' Princess Sidonie mused. 'Now, this is something that I have to see for myself. I wonder, will he be able to resist my charm, or will he be like the rest that would happily kneel and kiss my feet with infatuated smiles on their faces?'


Chapter 276

Silvermoon Continent…

"Finally, the time has come," A middle-aged elf looked at the Elven Battle Ships anchored at the port with his hands behind his back.  

"Patriarch, the representatives of the Saleh, Nasir, Rhys, and Eroan Clans have arrived.

"Good. Let's go."

"Yes, Patriarch."

The middle-aged man met the representatives of the different clans at a villa overlooking the ocean. There, the teenage elves looked at the flagships that floated on the water with determined expressions on their faces.

When the middle-aged elf arrived, all of them stood at attention and pressed their fists against their chests in greeting.

""All Hail the Great Elder!""

"Be at ease, let's start the meeting."

The middle-aged man sat on a raised chair while the other Elves sat on theirs.  

"This is an important mission that I will be assigning to all of you, young prodigies of the proud Elven Clans of the Silvermoon Continent," the middle-aged man said in a confident tone. "This mission will be dangerous, but the rewards are equally high."

Everyone's gazes were locked on the middle-aged man's face as they digested every word that he said. The Patriarchs of their respective clans didn't tell them anything. All they said was that the geniuses of their bloodline would undertake a mission for the glory of the entire Elven Race.

The middle-aged man scanned the eager faces of the young Elves and nodded with approval.  

"Your mission is the conquest of the Southern Continent," the middle-aged man explained. "Once you arrive there, you will find that the four kingdoms will be ripe for the picking. I want all of you, in the fastest possible time, to subjugate them in one fell swoop.The one that will oversee this mission will be my grandson, Elandorr."

The middle-aged man made a gesture and a handsome Elf with blonde hair and green eyes walked towards him.  

From all angles, Elandorr looked like a young man in his late teens. He was radiating a charm and charisma that made the young ladies among the Elves look at him with great interest.  

"As I mentioned earlier, he will be the commander of this operation. I expect all of you to obey his orders for I believe that he is more than capable enough to lead all of you in this great undertaking," the middle-aged man continued his speech. "The other clans are unaware of this mission, and I would like to keep it that way.  

"Now, go. Capture the Southern Continent and make it the new territory of the Elves! Gone are the days when our brethren are hunted down to be turned as slaves. It is now our time to turn Humans into slaves! The Elves will finally end our hundred years of silence and begin our conquest of the Human lands! May the Goddesses of the Moon bless us all!"

""May the Goddesses of the Moon bless us all!""

-----

Central Continent…

A man with graying hair stood on top of a pyramid, overlooking the young warriors that had gathered from all over his empire. He had already been alerted that the war in the Southern Continent was about to begin, and it was now time to take a share of the conflict.

His name was Leonidas, the Great Emperor of the Kraetor Empire. A force that not many dared to offend in the Southern Continent. It was well-known for its military might that had brought many nations to their knees and made them part of its vast empire.

Just like the Four Kingdoms of the Southern Continent, The Kraetor Empire was one of the Eight Overlords of the Central Continent. Being one of the top eight factions in a continent that was twenty times bigger than the Southern Continent, proved how formidable it was.  

"Go with haste, and reach the shores of the Southern Continent in a month's time," the Great Emperor of the Kraetor Empire ordered. "It's time to stake a claim on distant shores! Conquer them in the name of the Kraetor Empire! Capture those who submit and kill those who oppose us! All of you are the proud warriors of our Empire! Glory to Kraetor!"

""Glory to Kraetor!"" The young warriors raised their weapons in unison.

"Make my Granddaughter the Queen of the Southern Continent!" Great Emperor Leonidas ordered. "Let them know the might of our empire!"

""Glory to Kraetor!""

----

Zagarl Rannath, the Demon Commander and Carter's direct superior, gathered his forces.  

Only ten days remained before the Inter-Division Battle in the Hellan Royal Academy was to occur. Carter's reports were very positive and it made him look forward to the great harvest that they would have in a few days' time.

He was currently making his final preparations to bring back the "broodmares" that Carter had ensnared in the academy. Commander Zagarl wouldn't be participating in the retrieval operation, because he was guarding their borders against the persistent invasion from the Dark Elves who had, for some unknown reason, broken off their alliance.

To this day, Commander Zagarl had no idea what the dark-skinned race was thinking. All he knew was that the other forces within the Demon Continent were also looking forward to the aftermath of the conflict between the two sides.

Because of this, he had assigned his right hand to oversee the mission personally to ensure its success.  

Their plan was very simple. Enter the Southern Continent through the hidden teleport gate that they had built long ago, and connect to Carter's make-shift two-way dimensional gate within the academy.  

They would help Carter conduct a massacre, but their main role was to capture the young ladies to bring back the Demon Continent. It would be a "Blitzkrieg Attack" that would last for less than half an hour before they returned to the Demon Continent in haste.

In order to facilitate the teleport gates, the Demon Race had prepared a tenth of the Magic Crystals that they had stored over the years. That was a lot of resources, so their mission mustn't fail at all cost.

Aside from young ladies of the Magic Division, the Demons would also capture the ladies from the Spirit Division. What the Demon Race needed were warriors that would be born with magic and spirit power. They already had strong bodies, so taking captives from the Martial Division would just be a waste of their time.

Ten thousand demon warriors. This was the number that Commander Zagarl had gathered for this massive undertaking.  

Their "accomplices" in the Hellan Kingdom would create a barrier around the academy to prevent reinforcements from getting in their way. Commander Zagarl was very confident with this plan, so he wasn't worried about the results.

All that he was worried about was that the Demon Warriors would accidentally break the girls once they were brought back to their domain. Unlike Demons, human women were more delicate and prone to injuries.

This was why he had repeated over and over again that anyone who dared to indulge themselves during the mission would be killed on the spot. This was the only way to prevent the unnecessary loss of broodmares that would give birth to the next generation of demons that held powerful abilities.

What he didn't know was that his "trusted" agent within the Royal Academy had had a change of heart and formulated his own plan as well. Although "Carter" still felt loyal to the Demon Race, the temptation of the Divinity inside William's body was too much for him to ignore.  

Because of this, there would be slight deviations to the "Demonic Invasion" that Commander Zagarl thought was already in the bag.


Chapter 277

The Crown Prince of the Hellan Kingdom looked at the mirror with a serious expression. Behind him, several of his aides were holding different ceremonial clothes, all of which were made from the finest materials, and made by the best tailors of the Kingdom.

"Those clothes look perfect on you, Your Highness," Prince Lionel's right hand man said with admiration.

"Are you sure?" Prince Lionel turned his head in an anxious manner. "Will this really be good, or should I change clothes once again?"

"Your Highness, believe me when I say that your clothes are perfect. There's no need to change anything."

"Mmm."

Prince Lionel's right hand man was doing his best to keep the smile on his face from breaking. The Prince had already spent two hours in front of the mirror to find the most appropriate clothes he could wear in order to receive the special guests that would be arriving in a few hours.

The Crown Prince had always been confident in whatever he did. However, since the special guest that would be arriving was the love of his life, he wanted to look more presentable than he usually did in order to impress her.  

"Just know that if you lied to me, I'll have your head cut off," Prince Lionel said in a serious manner. "Do I make myself clear?"

"Y-Yes, Your Highness," the man stuttered as he did his best to prevent his body from trembling all over.

After looking at the mirror one last time, Prince Lionel left his room to join the delegation that would be welcoming the Third Princess of the Kingdom of Freesia into the Hellan Kingdom.

----

"Huh? We are to mobilize and escort a VIP guest that just arrived at our border?" William asked with a frown. "Can't the other Knight Commander do it in our place? We also have the Gryphon Brigade. There's no need for my Knight Order to participate in this welcoming ceremony."

"Commander, this is an order from the King," the messenger from the castle stated. "The Knight Order of Gladiolus is more of a landbase unit, they only have a handful flying mounts at their disposal. Also, the Gryphon Brigade is the natural enemy of Hipogriffs. We can't possibly send them because it might cause unnecessary conflicts between the magical beasts."

William scratched his head because he had to admit that the messenger's words held some truth in them. In the end, he reluctantly agreed to the request and gathered the members of his Knight Order that were given flying mounts.

"Half an hour ago, the King gave me a direct order," William said as he faced his subordinates. "The Third Princess of Freesia has already entered our airspace and has requested an escort from our kingdom. Because of this, we will be leaving in an hour to meet them. Make your last minute preparations and meet me at the training field in less than an hour. Dismissed!"

The members of the Angorian War Sovereign hurriedly went to their mounts that were currently staying at the special stables that were awarded to them by the academy. All the magical beasts including the Gryphon, Lionheart, and Conrad's Wyvern, were stationed there.

Priscilla was surprised by William's announcement. Soon, a very sweet smile appeared on her face as she hurried back to the Solaris Dormitory to prepare for the escort mission.

"What a pain," William said as he scratched his head.

"Don't be like that," Wendy commented from the side. "Aren't you curious about the Third Princess of the Kingdom of Freesia? Many say that she is a peerless beauty."

"No matter how beautiful she is, I bet she won't be as beautiful as my Master," William replied with confidence.

"... I can't make a comeback if you put it that way." Wendy pouted.  

Indeed, Celine was very beautiful and, as a girl, Wendy felt inferior to her. However, William had already told Wendy many times that she didn't need to compare herself to other beautiful women.

William would always say, "For me, you are already very beautiful. That's why, you don't need to feel insecure in regards to others. Even my Ex-Fiance, Rebecca, doesn't hold a candle against you."

Although Rebecca was more beautiful than her, Wendy could genuinely feel that, for William, she was really more beautiful than Rebecca, which made the blonde beauty overcome some of her insecurities.

However, when Wendy asked William what he thought of his Master, Celine, the Half-Elf would suddenly have a devilish look on his face and simply answer. "Someday, I will give my Master a good spanking. That will be repayment for all the suffering I've experienced under her hand."

Wendy tried to ask more about what these "sufferings" were, but William would silence her question with a hug, or a kiss. Clearly, the red-headed boy didn't want to share his experiences and Wendy decided not to pry any further.  

Less than an hour later, William and the rest of his Knight Order had gathered in the training field.  

William's personal flying carriage that held the insignia of the Angorian Knight Order was also there for him to ride in. Like always, the one that would be pulling the carriage was Dave and his partner, Lionheart.

This time, Priscilla summoned her Alpha Hippogriff and asked William to personally give her the honor of leading their Knight Order to meet their special guests.  

The Half-Elf readily agreed because he wasn't too interested in meeting the Third Princess of their allied kingdom.

-----

"Commander, I can see them now," Dave reported.  

"Carry on," William ordered.

Wendy was currently taking a nap, with her head on his lap. William looked at the scenery outside of the flying carriage, while firmly holding the girl's waist so that she wouldn't fall off of the couch.

Those accompanying him inside the carriage had already gotten used to this scene, and none of them said anything about it, including Ian, who was also looking outside the carriage window to prevent himself from feeling envious of the girl lying on William's lap.

After the Trial at the Peak of Enlightenment, Ian had unlocked the seal on his body to a certain extent that allowed him to harness the powers that had been sealed for just as long. He didn't say anything to Est and his brother because he was afraid that the two would get jealous of him.

'Still, what's the point of having this power if I can't use it out in the open?' Ian thought as the entourage from the Kingdom of Freesia appeared in front of them.

After sending their greeting, the members of the Angorian War Sovereign spread out and joined the flying formation towards the capital of the Hellan Kingdom.

The Aerial Cavaliers of the Kingdom of Freesia looked at these young knights with surprise and admiration.

They could tell that their escorts were still teenagers and it made them feel very complicated, seeing them riding Hipogriffs alongside them.

In their Kingdom, only those that had done great deeds for their homeland would gain the honor of riding on the backs of Hipogriffs. These magical beasts were the main fighting force of their Kingdom and not many were allowed to ride them willy-nilly.

There was even a teenager that was riding on top of a Wyvern!

'Looks like the Second Knight Commander of the Hellan Kingdom is not just for show,' The Knight Captain of the Aerial Cavaliers from the Kingdom of Freesia thought.

It was not only him. Almost every one of his subordinates was thinking the same thing.

"How rude," one of Princess Sidonie's attendants, who was riding inside her flying carriage complained. "Shouldn't that Knight Commander personally come to offer his greetings to our Princess? How come he's staying inside his flying carriage and not even making his presence known?"

"Hmp! I guess being a Knight Commander and being a gentleman are two different things," another attendant complained. "We came here to aid them in the war and yet they don't treat us like VIP guests!"

Princess Sidonie frowned when she heard her attendants, but she didn't say anything. Deep inside, she was looking forward to meeting the Knight Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign. The reports she received about him were all very interesting, and she wanted to catch a glimpse of the narcissistic Half-Elf that was said to have hair that resembled a blazing fire.

Unfortunately, the said Half-Elf had other things in his mind, and they were not even about the Third Princess.

'How come Carter still hasn't made a move in all this time?' William thought. 'He clearly knows that Wendy had been freed from his control, so why isn't he sending Charlotte to investigate? Something doesn't feel right.'

< The Professor had[s]n't done anything suspicious as of late. Most of the time, he just stays inside his room meditating. He even stopped making those candies, and simply does his duty as the teacher of the academy. >

'Perhaps he is waiting for something? What do you think?'

< I don't have sufficient data to answer the host's question. >

William sighed internally. Carter's silence was making him feel anxious. It was as if there was a sharp guillotine that was hanging over his head, waiting for the right time to end his life.

'I hope that I'm just being too paranoid.' William sighed in his heart. 'I have a nagging feeling that something very bad is going to happen inside the academy soon.'


Chapter 278

"Welcome, Princess Sidonie to the Hellan Kingdom," King Noah said with a smile the moment Princess Sidonie disembarked from her flying carriage.  

"It is our pleasure to be here, Your Majesty," Princess Sidonie replied and did a curtsy.

The silver veil that hid her face fluttered gently in the wind, but it still kept her face from being seen by anyone in the vicinity.

"Greetings, Princess," Prince Lionel bowed his head respectfully. He wasn't able to stop himself from making his presence known to the lady of his dreams. "It has been a while since you've visited our Kingdom. It would be my honor to be your tour guide during your stay in our humble kingdom."

King Noah's face remained calm, but there was a slight hint of disapproval in his eyes. However, this disapproval didn't last long because Lionel's action was a normal thing for a Prince of the kingdom to do.  

"Thank you for your offer, Your Highness," Sidonie replied. "However, the journey has been long and if possible, I want to rest for a few days before seeing the attractions of the Hellan Kingdom. I hope you don't mind my selfishness."

"Not at all, Princess. It was me who had forgotten how to be a good host. Please, allow me to escort you to your quarters," Prince Lionel bowed apologetically.

This time, Princess Sidonie nodded her head and acted how a proper guest should act.

King Noah nodded internally and didn't get in the way of Lionel's initiative. He was not stupid. With a single glance, he could tell that his son was smitten with the Third Princess of Freesia. In fact, a year ago, he had asked him to play matchmaker and propose that Princess Sidonie be wed to him in a marriage alliance."

The King of the Hellan Kingdom thought that this was a good idea, however, the recent events that had happened inside his Kingdom had prevented him from putting this proposal into motion.

'Maybe this is a good opportunity for the two of them to get closer,' Noah thought as he made a gesture for his aides to take care of the Aerial Knights from Freesia. Since their purpose for coming was to be their reinforcements, King Noah prepared the best rooms for them as well as the best accommodations for their magical beasts.

While his aides were busy guiding their guests, King Noah walked towards the flying carriage that belonged to his Second Knight Commander, who hadn't even poked his head out to greet the Princess of their allied kingdom.

King Noah had conflicting feelings towards William because he was also someone that Est praised highly. As a father, he could see the signs that indicated that his "son" was very attached to the Half-Elf and hoped that it was just due to admiration.

"Commander, the King is making his way here," Dave reported.

"Hah~ Can't he just leave me alone?" William grumbled as he gently lifted Wendy's head from his lap and used a soft cushion as replacement to allow the sleeping beauty to continue sleeping.

He then stepped out of the carriage to meet the King of the Kingdom with a smile on his face.

"Greetings, Your Majesty," William said as he placed his right fist over his chest. "I have accomplished the mission that you decreed upon me."

"You did well, Commander William," King Noah replied. "I'm sorry for calling you out of the blue and asking you for an escort mission. I hope you don't mind the inconveniences I caused you."

"There was no inconvenience, Your Majesty," William replied with a smile. "As long as it is for the kingdom, I will do my best to meet your expectations."

King Noah eyed the young Half-Elf with a critical gaze.  

There had been many nobles that had voiced their criticism for allowing a "slave" to hold such a prestigious position as a Knight Commander within their kingdom. However, King Noah ignored them all because William had proven himself very capable for his age.

He understood that the nobles were only whining because a slave suddenly held the authority to punish them if he found them guilty of a crime. This was a deterrence that Knight Commanders possessed and they were afraid that William would use his influence to bring them down.

After the incident with Kingsley of the Misty Sect, the Rhodes family had been very low-key as of late. In the past, they had been very domineering since they were one of the dukedoms of the kingdom. All of that changed when William knocked the living lights out of Kingsley and made the Rhodes Family more subservient to the orders of the King.

"Lord William, are you getting along with the Head Prefect of the Magic Division?" King Noah inquired.

"Est? Yes. the two of us get along very well," William replied. "I treat him as a very close friend of mine."

"I see…" King Noah remained calm on the surface, but deep inside he felt anxious. "There have been rumors flying around that you are in a relationship with Miss Wendy, how much of that is true?"

William only smiled, but said nothing else.  

King Noah felt a headache incoming because he understood William's silence. As a King of the Kingdom, he already knew how to read the unspoken words between a King and his retainer.

William had silently admitted his relationship with Wendy, and King Noah didn't know how to feel about it. The only thing he could do was to pat William's shoulder and whisper something in his ears before walking back towards the palace.

The Half-Elf looked at the King with a stiff smile on his face. He didn't understand what the King meant when he said the words...  

"If you make her cry, I'll personally whip you a hundred times."

-----

"Finally, that nosy Prince is gone!" Princess Sidonie's attendant exclaimed the moment Prince Lionel left her room.

The Prince stayed for over an hour and chatted with Princess Sidonie about the current affairs in Freesia. Prince Lionel had been sorely tempted to snatch the veil covering his beloved's face so he could admire her beauty up close.

However, he didn't want the Princess to hate him so he fought this impulse while keeping a smile plastered on his face.

If not for Princess Sidonie hinting that she was very tired and wanted to rest, Prince Lionel might have stayed longer. Fortunately, the Crown Prince knew when to advance and retreat, so he decided to take a step back and allow the Princess to finally rest.

Before she left the Kingdom of Freesia, The King gave her several powerful artifacts to suppress her powers. This allowed her to safely interact with King Noah and the rest of the representatives of the Hellan Kingdom.

Still, she felt a certain dislike for the Crown Prince of the Hellan Kingdom. He was like the other men that had pursued her because they were charmed by her powers. If Princess Sidonie wanted to, she could make all of them do whatever she wanted, but she chose not to.

However, there was someone that didn't like to live the life of a pacifist.  

< Where's the fun in making ordinary men grovel at our feet? >

A voice sounded from inside Princess Sidonie's head.  

< Sidonie, let's hurry to find a man that can awaken the power inside you. Don't forget our deal. Four years from now, if you still haven't found the man that would make you know the meaning of love, you will switch places with me. >

'I'll keep my promise. Why are you in a hurry, Morgana?'

< It's because I don't want you to become a late bloomer. >

'Is that the only reason?'

< No. The real reason is because I am bored. Come on, why don't you swap with me for an hour or two? I promise I'll behave. >

Princess Sidonie sighed. She didn't know when or how it happened, but on her tenth birthday, a voice started speaking to her inside her head. This was also about the time that her powers had awakened and almost caused a disaster inside their kingdom.

For Princess Sidonie, Morgana was an overprotective older sister that would nag at her whenever she acted timid in front of other people. Sometimes, Morgana would forcefully take over her body whenever she was in grave danger and protect her from harm.

After living in the same body for many years, Princess Sidonie and Morgana had grown extremely close to each other. Sometimes, when Princess Sidonie didn't want to deal with other people, she would hide inside her Sea of Consciousness and allow Morgana to take over.

Morgana also knew that Princess Sidonie was at the age where she would be interested in the opposite gender. However, the little girl was a romantic type. What she wanted was someone who could love her without being affected by her powers.

Because of this, Morgana proposed that whenever Princess Sidonie found a candidate, Morgana would assess the man to see if he was worthy of her "little sister". Princess Sidonie agreed to this condition because she knew that Morgana only wanted the best for her.

Sadly, all the candidates that Princess Sidonie had chosen succumbed to her powers, even before Morgana could swap with her to assess them.  

< Well, don't give up. We will be staying in this kingdom for some time. Maybe we can find someone among the good looking guys here. >

'Well, we still have four more years before our deadline ends,' Princess Sidonie thought. For now, she decided to play along with her "older sister" and meet the candidates of the Hellan Kingdom that had been listed by her "pets" that were staying inside the Hellan Kingdom.


Chapter 279

Three days before the Inter-Division Battle...

Due to the arrival of the Third Princess of their allied kingdom, King Noah decided to hold a banquet for her and the Knights that came to assist them in their time of need.  

Naturally, all the nobles headed to the capital in order to take part in the festivities. Ironically, all of the students of the Royal Academy were also asked to participate in this event. Which made the students that were born commoners very happy.

This was a very rare chance to see the nobles, and members of the royal family up close, not to mention, seeing the Third Princess of a neighboring kingdom in the flesh.

Every student in the academy was excited, except one person.

'What a pain…,' William sighed after leaving the conference room of the academy.  

The Half-Elf had been suffering anxiety as of late because Carter hadn't been making any suspicious moves since he'd snatched Wendy out from under his nose. He was also feeling guilty about Est and Isaac who were still under the control of the Mind Weaver Spell.  

Because of this, he didn't hesitate to plant trackers on them as well which cost him 3,000 God Points.

---

God Points: 2,980

----

Although the God Point expenditure was high, William didn't bat an eye and did it anyway. For him, Est, and Isaac were more important than God Points.  

There were times when he had to stop himself from giving them his lollipop in order for the spell to be broken completely, because he was afraid that if he continued, Carter would cease his activities altogether. William wanted to know the Professor's goal and if he had other acquaintances that were helping him from the shadows.

"You have that sad expression on your face again. What's wrong?" Wendy asked as she moved towards her boyfriend and gave him a hug. "Are you worried about something?"

"Yes," William replied as he hugged her tightly. "I am feeling very anxious as of late. Not only that, I am also feeling guilty."

"Mmm." Wendy hummed as she gently patted the back of William's head. After becoming William's "not-so-secret" girlfriend, the blonde beauty had gotten to know that her lover would tell her the things that he wanted her to know.

Since WIlliam wasn't telling her the reason behind why he was feeling anxious and guilty, she knew that it was not because he didn't want to tell her, but he couldn't. Because of this, she didn't pry any further and just helped him to calm down.

"I love you," Wendy said as she kissed his lips.

"I love you too," William replied and kissed her back.

Wendy had officially moved into William's room, bringing half of the clothes in her closet with her. Ever since she and William had dreamt about that passionate night in Valhalla, the two's relationship had become much closer than before.

Ironically, they would often dream about the continuation of those dreams where the Silver-Haired William and the Adult Wendy would go to the realms of Yggdrasil to protect them from invaders who wished to conquer them.

Naturally, aside from fighting, the two would spend intimate moments together. These dreams would often make Wendy's face turn beet red each time she woke up before William, and saw him sleeping next to her.

Of course, those intimate "adult scenes" were restricted to their dreams. William didn't do anything to her, aside from hugs and kisses when both of them were awake.

"Feeling better?" Wendy asked.

"Much better," William smiled and kissed her forehead.

The beautiful blonde then dragged William to the bed in order to talk about their plans for the banquet, which would be held tonight.  

"I heard that the Third Princess is so beautiful that she has to cover her face with a veil," Wendy said like an auntie who liked gossip. "I wonder if the rumors are true."

"If we go by the script, she would definitely be an earth-shaking beauty that would make all the men fall on their knees and beg for her good graces," William replied.

"Including you?" Wendy inquired.

"I haven't seen her face, so I can't say for certain. However, there is one thing that I am sure of," William answered with a smug expression on her face.

"And that is?"

"She will definitely fall in love with me."

Wendy pouted and pinched William's waist.  

Instead of feeling pain, the Half-Elf just smiled and enjoyed Wendy's jealous action.

"You're so full of yourself," Wendy wrinkled her nose in annoyance.

Willian pinched his lover's nose with a teasing smile. "And that's the reason why you fell in love with me, right?"  

"Hmp!" Wendy pounded William's chest, and the latter only laughed as he caught her fists.

The hours passed as the two prepared for the banquet. Although Wendy tried to hide it, she was looking forward to introducing William to her father in a discreet manner at the banquet.  

She had asked William if it was fine for her parents to know about their relationship. The Half-Elf had no qualms about informing Wendy's parents because he planned to take this relationship seriously. The only request was that it wouldn't be made public until after his duel with Rebecca was over.

Wendy agreed to William's condition and silently apologized to Rebecca inside her heart. Although she knew that Rebecca and William didn't have any feelings for each other, she still felt like a thieving cat that got in the way of her good friend's love relationship.

"Beautiful, simply beautiful," William praised Wendy after he helped her put on her dress for the party.  

He was even the one who helped brush her hair and chose the accessories she was going to wear. The Half-Elf was almost half tempted to not let her go to the banquet and lock her up in his room to prevent other men from looking at her.  

"I bet that you say that to all the girls," Wendy replied in a sarcastic manner, but deep inside she was very happy to be praised by William.

"Not to all the girls," William corrected her. "I only say that to the girls close to my heart."

"Oh? Aside from me, who else do you call beautiful?"

"My master and a black-haired beauty that is waiting for me to sweep her off her feet."

"Priscilla?" Wendy raised an eyebrow as she looked at the handsome red-headed boy who was wearing the ceremonial black attire of the Angorian War Sovereign.  

"Not her," William shook his head. "Someone that holds my heart close to her chest and thinks about me every single day."

"What is her name?"

"Belle."

Wendy tilted her head as she tried to recall the names of the girls that were close to William. Her memory was good, so she easily concluded that she hadn't met the girl named "Belle" before in her life.

"Where is she?" Wendy asked as she looked straight into William's light-green eyes that reflected her image back to her.

William sighed before answering Wendy's question. The short reunion with Belle was one of his most precious memories.  

"In a place far from my reach," William answered with a sad expression. He then caressed the side of Wendy's face and looked at her with a serious expression. "I hope that the two of you can meet soon."

"I wish for that as well."

"Shall we go now?"

"Okay." Wendy nodded her head.

William then bent his elbow in a gentlemanly manner to escort the beautiful lady outside the Solaris Dormitory, where Dave was waiting for them.

They were already an hour late for the party, but William didn't care. For him, this party was just a way to blow off steam and meet Wendy's parents. Although he couldn't publicly announce their relationship, that didn't mean that he wouldn't meet with his girlfriend's parents.  

William wanted them to know that he was serious in having a relationship with their daughter. Now, whether Wendy's parents would accept him or not, that could only be answered by Wendy's father, Joaquin Armstrong.  


Chapter 280

When they arrived at the Banquet, the party was already in full swing. The performers took center stage at the center of the hall, and wowed the crowd with their amazing performances.

The moment William's name was announced by the Head Butler of the palace, all eyes went towards the main entrance to see him.

William walked confidently with Wendy by his side. The two of them looked like a perfect couple, which made the ladies and men sigh in admiration.

Fortunately, Rebecca wasn't at the party because she had already traveled to the Central Continent to start her training at the Misty Sect.  

After their humiliating defeat, that was witnessed by the nobles of the Kingdom, the representatives of the Misty Sect left in haste in order to save what little dignity they had left.  

Unfortunately, even though Rebecca wasn't at the party, Rebecca's grandfather, Lawrence, and her father, Duke Dillian, were there due to the King's summons.

Duke Dillian hatefully glared at William, not because he was escorting Wendy at the party, but because he felt that he had been slapped in the face due to the Misty Sect's loss under William's hand.

Lawrence, on the other hand, had a calm expression on his face. Originally he was thinking of having a one-on-one talk with William in regards to the rumors that were flying around about his relationship with Wendy.

However, he could tell with a glance that the beautiful young lady and the Half-Elf did have feelings for each other. The Old Fox sighed in his heart because he knew that William also had his interest at heart since he had not declared their relationship officially.

As long as the Knight Commander kept mum about his relationship with Wendy, even though their feelings for each other were obvious for everyone to see, no one could say anything unless William confirmed it himself.

William's and Lawrence's gazes met and the two gave each other a brief nod before averting their gazes. It was an understanding between gentlemen, and Lawrence had no qualms with William having Wendy as his "secret" fiance.

At the table reserved for the special guests of the Kingdom, Prince Lionel chatted with Princess Sidonie with a big smile on his face.  

The Third Princess did her duty as expected of a Princess of a Kingdom and tolerated Prince Lionel's mindless chatter.

If not for Morgana telling her that the one she was waiting for had arrived, the Princess might still be chatting with Prince Lionnel about how the Hippogriffs give birth to their young.

< Well, he is indeed a looker. >  

Morgana's voice sounded like a purring cat as Princess Sidonie gazed at the handsome Half-Elf that had just arrived in the banquet hall.

Seeing her attention was diverted from him, Prince Lionel frowned and followed her gaze. When he saw William and the beautiful blonde beauty accompanying him, the frown on the Crown Prince's face deepened.  

Of course, this only lasted for a brief moment before it returned to its usual calm expression.

"He is the youngest Knight Commander of our Kingdom," Prince Lionel took the initiative to introduce William to Princess Sidonie. "His name is William Von Ainsworth. A country bumpkin and a slave who somehow managed to catch Father's attention."

Princess Sidonie didn't miss the contempt and ridicule in Prince Lionel's voice when he mentioned William's name.

"He must have done something exceptional if he was given the position of Knight Commander," Princess Sidonie said to test the waters in order to gain more information from Prince Lionel. "If not, he wouldn't be given such an important role at such a young age."

Prince Lionel chuckled as he reluctantly nodded his head. "This is true. However, only my father knows about this 'exceptional merit' that he did for the kingdom.  

"Lord William was like a mushroom that suddenly popped out of the woodwork and surprised not only me, but all the nobles within our Kingdom. Are you interested in him, Princess?"

The question sounded so harmless, but there was slight tension in the air as Prince Lionel stared at the veil that was blocking his beloved's beautiful face.  

"It is impossible for me not to be interested in such a young prodigy," Princess Sidonie replied. "I would be extremely grateful if his Highness would introduce me to your Knight Commander."

"Of course, Princess." Prince Lionel smiled and nodded his head. "As the host, it is our duty to grant the wishes of our esteemed guest."

Prince Lionel subtly clenched his fist under the table. His gaze landed on the smiling Half-Elf in the distance and wished that he could strangle him then and there. For William to be noticed by the lady of his dreams made Prince Lionel jealous beyond compare.

He then organized his thoughts to think of a way to humiliate the Commander of the Knight Order in front of the Princess. That is the only way he could calm the rage in his heart that was fanned by his jealousy.

Naturally, Princess Sidonie and Morgana noticed the subtle changes in the Crown Prince's mannerism.  

Morgana giggled from within Princess Sidonie's Sea of Consciousness because she liked to drive the men around her "little sister" crazy. If not for the fact that she really cared about her, she would have already taken over her body and brought the Hellan Kingdom to her knees.

Sadly, she couldn't do that. For the time wasn't ripe. Princess Sidonie's full power would only be unlocked the day she came of age, and that was still two years away from happening. For now, she decided to just let nature take its course, as Princess Sidonie enjoyed her teenage years under her protection.

William, who was completely oblivious of the Crown Prince's jealousy, walked towards the tables that were designated for their Knight Order.  

He was doing his best not to glance in Carter's direction, who was seated among the staff of the Royal Academy. The professor had finally broken his isolation and participated in the banquet for the guests of their Kingdom.

Since his senses were honed in the Professor's direction, he felt Carter's stare directed at him and Wendy.  

William didn't know what the Professor was thinking at this point in time because the system was not omnipotent enough to do that. It could only monitor what Carter saw, heard, and the fluctuation of his emotions.  

Right now, Carter was eyeing William like a wolf that had found its prey. He was observing the boy's expression and every gesture and imprinting them into his subconscious mind. That way, when he finally took control of William's body, he would be able to act the way he did and fool everyone around him.

'Three more days,' Carter thought. 'Three more days and I will have a new vessel.'

If possible, Carter wished that the days would pass quickly, so that the day of the Inter-Division battle would arrive sooner. The plan that he had painstakingly concocted from the shadows had already been laid out.

He had already placed a subtle command on those that were under his spell, and it would activate on the day of the welcoming ceremony. Carter's plan was really simple. Use the people that were close to William as the knife that would stab him from the back, and force him to make a difficult choice.  

A choice that would make the Half-Elf regret that he didn't kill Carter sooner.


Chapter 281

The Angorian War Sovereign and the members of the Aerial Cavaliers of Freesia hit it off pretty well. Since they all had something in common, the young knights asked the veterans in the Aerial Cavalry for some pointers about how to take better care of their dependable mounts.

The Aerial Knights had years of experience when it came to handling Hipogriffs, and the wisdom they shared made the Young Knights look at them in admiration. William was quite happy because the veterans were sharing their information to the next generation without asking for anything in return.

Because of this, his impression of the representatives from Freesia was raised a few levels.

The night was still young and guests were still arriving. Half an hour after William arrived at the banquet, the King appeared with the other two princes. William found an adorable loli holding Prince Ernest's hand. It was none other than Brianna, the granddaughter of the Great Chief of the Northern Tribes.

When Brianna's wandering gaze found William, the little loli winked at him and blew him a kiss. This gesture of hers made the prince holding her hand, pout, but Prince Ernest didn't make a scene. Instead, he gave William the "Stay away from Brianna" glare which made the Half-Elf chuckle inside his heart.

'Silly little shrimp,' William mused as he returned Brianna's wink and flying kiss. 'I worry about your henpecked future.'

William laughed at the young henpecked Prince in his heart, not knowing that he would suffer the same Fate a few years from now. 

Like always, King Noah made his speech for everyone to enjoy the banquet. His words were greeted by loud cheers from the commoner students of the Royal Academy, who were visiting the palace for the first time. 

While Wendy and William were talking, the Crown Prince went to stand at the podium and gathered everyone's attention.

"Good evening, ladies and gentlemen," Prince Lionel said with a flawless smile that made the young ladies feel their heart flutter. "Tonight, our special guest from Freesia has a humble request. She has long heard of the valiant Knight Commander of the Angorian War Sovereign and wishes for him to entertain her with a performance."

Princess Sidonie, who was looking at William, suddenly turned her head to gaze at the Crown Prince.

She didn't mention anything about asking William to perform for her. All she wanted was for the Crown Prince to introduce William to her. However, a part of her was also interested in finding out whether or not William could show her something interesting.

Morgana who was watching everything from within Princess Sidonie's sea of consciousness curled her lips up in a sneer. 

'Such a petty person, but this is also good,' Morgana thought. 'We'll, I'm looking forward to an entertaining performance. Do your best, pretty boy.'

William's smile stiffened as he looked at the Crown Prince then at the veiled Princess in the distance. After that, he gave Wendy a glance and whispered something in her ears.

"Told you the princess was going to fall in love with me at first sight,' William whispered.

Instead of answering him, Wendy pinched his waist with a sweet smile on her face. Feeling the pain of his lover's jealousy, William chuckled and gave her hand a light squeeze before standing up.

Since the Crown Prince decided to put him in the spotlight, the Half-Elf decided to humor him and make him regret his decision. 

'It's times like this that make me glad I acquired the Bard Job Class,' William thought as he walked to the center of the hall and bowed to the Third Princess, who was looking at him from behind her veil with anticipation. 

"I am honored that Princess Sidonie chose me to perform for her," William said with a smile. "Unfortunately, my skills are only subpar. I hope that her highness won't get offended if I don't meet her expectations."

Princess Sidonie was amused by William's introduction, so she decided to give him some encouragement. 

"I've heard many things about Lord William even in our distant kingdom of Freesia," Princess Sidonie said with a voice that was akin to hearing an angel sing. "I look forward to your performance."

William smiled and nodded his head, "Since her highness wants to see me perform, this humble shepherd will sing you a song."

William summoned his Lute and strummed it a few times. At first, he just intended to sing the nursery song, Twinkle Twinkle Little Star, but decided against it. This was the first time Wendy was seeing him perform, so he decided to get a bit serious.

His eyes subtly scanned the crowd and found his music teacher, Feyright, smiling at him from the audience. William gave the handsome elf a gesture, which made the latter's lips curl up into a smile.

It was the gesture that the two of them had made in Lont. When Feyright was to do the gesture, it meant that he wanted William to play with him as support and vice versa. 

'Since this is your first bardic performance, I will do my best to make you shine,' Feyright mused as he summoned a flute. 

Seeing that his teacher was all set, William then looked at the Third Princess of the Kingdom of Freesia.

"I dedicate this song to all the young ladies that are present in this banquet tonight,' William said as he firmly held the Lute in his hand. "May all of you find courage even in your darkest hour. The title of this song is 'Isle of Hope, Isle of Tears'."

< Job Class successfully switched to Bard >

After hearing the system's notification, William took a deep breath and deftly strummed the strings of his instrument. The rich, and melodious sound of the lute, accompanied by the soft and gentle sounds of the flute reverberated within the hall.

William then started to sing. Everyone's eyes in the room widened, especially the First Years from the Martial Division. They were looking at the handsome Half-Elf as if seeing him for the first time.

They already knew that their Commander was a strong and brave person, but they didn't expect him to be a good singer as well. 

William sang and serenaded everyone in the banquet hall and poured out his feelings to his song.

-----

"In a little bag she carried all her past and history.

And her dreams for the future, In the Land of Liberty~

And courage is the passport when your old world disappears.

But there's no future in the past when you're fifteen years~

-----

William's captivating voice and the melody of the instruments plucked the heartstrings of the ladies that were looking at him with infatuated gazes.

Princess Sidonie unconsciously placed her hand over her chest as she listened to the heart provoking song that William was singing. 

Prince Lionel, who was paying close attention to Princess Sidonie's every action, cursed William internally and regretted his decision to ask him to perform. He thought that the Half-Elf was a crude person who only knew how to fight.

If the Crown Prince knew that William was also a good singer, he wouldn't have forced him to perform even if it killed him. However, it was now too late. Prince Lionel hoped and prayed that Princess Sidonie's expression behind her veil wasn't that of infatuation or admiration. 

He was afraid that if he were to see her face right now, he might decide to ask The Organization to assassinate William in order to appease his jealousy.

William, who had immersed himself in the song, was not aware of what Prince Lionel, Princess Sidonie, and the rest of his audience were thinking. This was one of his favorite songs back on Earth, and the power of the Bard Class amplified his feelings of longing tenfold.

The result of this combination made those who were listening to him tear up. William continued to sing, and even though he was smiling, a tear still fell down on the side of his face as he sang the final lyrics of the song.

----

"Isle of Hope, Isle of Tears,

Isle of Freedom, Isle of Fears.

But it's not the Isle you left behind…"

-----

The Half-Elf's rendition had captured everyone's hearts, making his teacher, Feyright, very proud of him.

William stopped playing and allowed his own voice to finish the final verse of the song, giving it a more soulful ending. 

The handsome Half-Elf closed his eyes as he released the emotions from his heart. There was a brief silence before it was broken by a clap that came from Princess Sidonie. She continued to clap and it broke everyone out of their daze.

Cheers and applause reverberated in the Banquet Hall as all of the guests showered William with their praises. 

Prince Lionel reluctantly clapped his hand, while using all of his willpower to keep the smile on his handsome face. If there was a medicine for regret, he would have already bought it all.

The Crown Prince knew that the little "interest" that Princess Sidonie had for William a few minutes ago, had now grown exponentially after this single performance. 

Meanwhile inside Princess Sidonie's Sea of Consciousness…

The smile on Morgana's face had disappeared long ago. She had been enraptured by the song, just like everyone else, and closed her eyes to listen to it intently. After William's song ended, she kept her eyes closed as she basked at the lingering afterglow of William's voice.

When she finally opened her eyes, she looked at William as if he was the only man on Earth. Morgana unconsciously muttered something as her gaze lingered on the handsome Half-Elf in the distance.

Princess Sidonie, who was also looking at William, heard the words that her other half had said and it made her face redden. Fortunately, there was a veil covering her face, so no one was able to see her current expression.

"I want to make babies with him."

Those were the words that Morgana said that made Princess Sidonie want to dig a hole and bury herself inside it due to embarrassment. 


Chapter 282

After bowing to Princess Sidonie and the audience, William returned to his seat. Everyone wanted him to sing more, but he made the excuse that his hands were suffering from arthritis and couldn't play the lute anymore.

Everyone laughed at his witty joke and allowed him to go. How could a fourteen-year-old-boy suffer from arthritis? Clearly, William didn't want to sing anymore and they didn't have the heart to force the handsome Half-Elf to remain.

They were still enraptured by his voice and melody that they didn't want to force him to do anything.  

William returned to his table with a smug expression on his face, and the Martial Division Students clapped their hands once again to welcome their Commander's triumphant return.

After seating beside Wendy, the beautiful girl learned to him and whispered in his ears.

"Sing for me when we get back to the academy, okay?"

"Okay."

The two were about to go into their own little world again when they were interrupted by a light cough from Ian.

"The two of you should do that when people are not around," Ian stated with a fed up expression. "Everyone's eyes are on the two of you, and you still haven't made your relationship official. Why don't you use this opportunity to make an announcement?"

William and Wendy reluctantly let go of each other's hands and looked at Ian with the "Fine, I get it" expression. The snot-nosed-pansy snorted before picking up the glass of fruit juice from their table.

After William's performance, two more performances were held before the musicians came up on stage. It was now time for the people to dance, and William took the lovely Wendy to the dance floor and danced without a care in the world.

After he finished dancing, Brianna came up to him and proposed to switch partners. William readily agreed and asked Wendy to dance with Prince Ernest.  

Sincer her partner was a little boy, Wendy didn't have any objections and curtsied in front of the Prince. Ernest had no choice but to dance with Wendy as the Half-Elf and the Loli exchanged a knowing glance at each other.

"You're good," Brianna said. "How come you didn't tell me you could sing?"

"You didn't ask," William replied. "Don't make little Ernie jealous too much. He is a good boy, and I don't want him to hate me."

"This is just my way of warning him that if he ever cheated on me, I'd dump him and run to you," Brianna said in a mischievous tone. "As per the result of the duel, I belong to you. Although I know that Ernest has strong feelings for me, he is still young. In the end, the one who gets to decide who he is going to marry is not him, but the King."

Brianna's tone became cold as she remembered when her father and grandfather had almost forced her to marry the Prince of the Anaesha Dynasty. Back then, Brianna felt betrayed. The people whom she thought loved her more than anything in the world, were the same people who threw her into the jaws of a lion.

"I thought the King was going to announce your betrothal to Ernest?" William frowned. "I was the one who proposed this to him. Didn't he tell you anything?"

Brianna leaned on William and said in a low voice that only he could hear. "The King is still on the fence because my grandfather might lose his position after four years. If our Clan isn't able to retain the position of Chieftain, marrying Ernest to me would hold no value whatsoever to the Hellan Kingdom."

The little loli sighed as she rested her head on William's chest. "You have to understand that Ernest is still young. Many things can happen in four years. Once I lose my value as his fiance, I'll just be tossed aside like a used rag and would not be given a second glance."

William unconsciously tightened his grip on the hands of the young girl in front of him. Brianna was only eleven years old, but her mindset was that of an adult. It was clear that being around her grandfather had taught her how to pay close attention to her surroundings.  

Because of this, she viewed the world with the eyes and thoughts of a Great Chieftain.

William softly patted her head. "Don't worry. If the King or Ernest bullies you, I will make them pay tenfold. This is my promise to you."

"Lord William, don't make promises you can't keep."

"This promise, I will keep."

Brianna just smiled and didn't say anything. The two danced silently until the song ended. When the adorable Loli walked towards Ernest, the Young Prince glared at Wiliam. The Half-Elf brushed it off and mouthed something towards the Prince.

Prince Ernest frowned, but he still nodded his head. He then held Brianna's hand and escorted her back to their table.

"That was very thoughtful of you," Wendy commented as the two walked towards their own table. "You even dared to threaten a Prince to ensure that Brianna would not be treated badly."

"She is my responsibility." William sighed. "I was the one that took her from her family and brought her here in the capital. The least I can do is make sure that the King and Prince Ernest know that there is someone on Brianna's side."

When the two were almost at their table, a young lady wearing a veil on her face blocked their path.

"Lord William, can you please give me the honor of this dance?" Princess Sidonie asked.  

William wanted to say no, but there was no way he could turn down the "special guest" that had come with reinforcements to their Kingdom. He was not an ungrateful person, and knew that he had to accept this invitation even if it made him the target of every man in the room.

"It will be an honor to dance with you, Your Highness," William bowed. "Wendy…"

"I know," Wendy replied.

William was about to hold Sidonie's hand, when he felt a soft sensation touch his cheek. Wendy gave Princess Sidonie a side-long glance after she kissed William. She then headed towards the tables reserved for the Angorian War Sovereign without looking back.

Almost everyone in the room saw this and whispers started to spread among the guests in the banquet hall.

"Lord William, you are loved," Sidonie giggled as she placed her hand on William's arm. "I'm sorry if I'm being the third wheel on this occasion."

"You're not being a bother, Your Highness," William replied with a smile. "That is just Wendy's way of showing her thank you."

Princess Sidonie nodded her head. "Is that so? I'll keep that in mind, Lord William."

Like everyone in the banquet, William was also curious about the face that was hidden behind the veil. However, unlike others, he didn't have any strong feelings or desire to unmask the Third Princess of Freesia.

His was only pure curiosity, while the rest of the men looked at Princess Sidonie as if they were undressing her body.  

Although her powers were sealed, her body still released natural pheromones that were strong enough to attract any man or woman that was too close to her.  

"You're quite capable, Lord William," Princess Sidonie commented as the two of them arrived at the center of the hall. 'My power doesn't work on him.'

Currently, the one dancing with William was not Princess Sidonie, but Morgana. Although Princess Sidonie wanted to dance with William, she was in truth, a very timid person. She acted confident on the outside, but when push came to shove, she would take a step back and allow Morgana to take her place.

The longer the two danced, the sweeter Morgana's smile became. Princess Sidonie, who was also observing from within her Sea of Consciousness noticed the Half-Elf's expression.  

Both girls could see the smile on Wiliam's face, but they knew he was just faking it. This made the two of them more interested in him and left them to plan what they might do so they could get to know more about him during their stay in the capital of the Hellan Kingdom.

----

"Looks like your Princess is captivated by a boy that is five years younger than you," Prince Rufus chuckled as he stood beside his older brother. "You need to step up your game, Big Brother."

"Shut up," Prince Lionel said in a voice that only Rufus could hear. His tone was so dangerously close to his breaking point that Rufus, who always bantered with him, raised his eyebrow in genuine surprise.  

"You can have your little Ice Princess, Rufus," Prince Lionel smiled at his little brother like a snake that was about to strike. "But if you say another word, I swear by my name that I will make you regret it."

Lionel leaned close and whispered in Rufus's ears, "Annoy me and I promise that I will rape that b*tch in front of you. Let's see if you can keep that smug expression on your face then."

The Crown Prince walked away and left the banquet. He was afraid that if he stayed any longer, he would do something he wasn't supposed to do, and make a fool of himself in front of everyone.  

"Since when did your threats scare me?" Prince Rufus watched his older brother's retreating back with a sneer. "You're not a snake, Big Brother, but a worm that I can easily crush under my foot. Your days of playing Crown Prince are already numbered."

Prince Rufus placed his hands on his back as he glanced at the corner of the room. A man wearing a noble's clothing met his gaze and gave him a brief nod. Prince Rufus nodded back and looked at his father, King Noah.

'The one who will get the key is me,' Prince Rufus vowed. 'After that, let's see what kind of face you'll be making… dear brother of mine.'


Chapter 283

William glared at the giant Worm in front of him. He was currently in a weakened state and couldn't use his full power, but nevertheless the battle between the two raged on until the very world itself started to distort.

"Just surrender, Half-Elf!" the Worm said via telepathy. "Your resistance is futile! You can't fight the inevitable!"

William firmly held Stormcaller in his hands as lightning crackled from its spear blade.  

"The only thing that is inevitable is your demise, Worm," William replied hatefully. "I will not forgive you for what you have done!"

With a shout William charged forward like a lightning bolt, while his opponent turned into a beam of dark light. The two clashed repeatedly, causing cracks within the world, but William didn't care.  

He would kill the bastard in front of him, even if he died in the process.

-----

William abruptly opened his eyes and sat up from the bed, panting for breath. He knew he had a very bad dream, but he couldn't remember everything that happened. The only thing he could remember was him lying on the ground in a pool of blood.

"Will?"

A sleepy voice sounded beside him, as Wendy rubbed her eyes and sat up from the bed as well. She was wearing a one-piece, black, nightdress. This was the first time she had worn something like this while sleeping beside William. Spencer would definitely faint in shock if he saw it.  

Unfortunately, William was still too shaken by the dream to appreciate his girlfriend's nightdress.

"I'm fine," William replied hoarsely, "Just a bad dream."

Wendy moved closer and gave William a hug. The red-headed boy wrapped his arms around her and buried his head in her chest.

Wendy's whispered words of assurance in William's ear as she patted the boy's head to help him relax his nerves.

Five minutes passed, and William's breathing stabilized. Wendy's voice, warmth, softness, and the delicate hand brushing his hair helped him to calm down. He continued to hug her as the tension in his body disappeared completely.  

"In a few hours, the Inter-Division battle is going to start," Wendy said after she felt William's body relaxing. "Are you perhaps anxious about the outcome of the battle?"

"Maybe," William answered. "I've been suffering from anxiety this past week."

"Don't worry. I promise I'll take it easy when we meet in the arena later." Wendy lightly pressed on William's ears, hitting the pressure points in them to help him calm down more.

"Mmm" William hummed as he enjoyed the sensation of Wendy's soft hands on his ears.

"Feeling better?"

"A whole lot better. Thank you, Wendy."

"You're welcome," Wendy replied. She then looked at the clock hanging on the wall. It was only two in the morning and there were still four hours before sunrise.

"Let's go back to sleep," Wendy proposed. "We will need it before morning comes."

William nodded his head as the two lay on the bed together. Wendy rested her head on William's shoulder and placed her hand on his chest. William, held her waist firmly and closed his eyes to sleep.  

Wendy was right. He would need all the rest he could get in order to prepare for the Inter-Division Battle that would be held at the Grand Coliseum in a few hours.  

Although it wasn't easy, the red-headed boy was able to sleep after an hour. This time around, he had a dreamless sleep and woke up at six in the morning.

When he opened his eyes, Wendy was no longer beside him. The Half-Elf almost panicked, but immediately calmed down after he heard the sound of running water in the bathroom.  

'What is wrong with me?' William rubbed his face with his palms in order to remove the last dregs of sleep from his system. 'Get a grip. Everything is fine. All is well.'

William gave himself some assurance before talking to the system about Carter's activities. Like always, the system didn't find anything suspicious and reported Carter's actions throughout the night.

'Maybe I should just kill him and get this over with.' William's eyes sharpened as a faint killing intent oozed out from his body. He was seriously considering killing Carter today, but decided to push it aside until after the Inter-Division Battle.

A professor dying during this important event would surely cause a big ruckus and an extensive investigation would be conducted. Although William was confident that he could cover his tracks, he was still inside the academy.  

There could be someone powerful enough to detect the faint traces he would not be able to erase and link the crime to him.

This was something that he didn't want to have happen because it would cause many complications and would affect the morale of his Knight Order, family, and friends.

While William was pondering about his next course of action, the bathroom door opened and Wendy came out with a towel wrapped around her body. She was using a hand towel to dry her hair as she walked towards William who was sitting on the bed.  

William extended his hand, and Wendy handed the towel to him. The Half-Elf then took over the role of drying Wendy's hair while the latter sat beside him.  

"Isn't it hard to maintain long hair?" William asked out of curiosity.

"A bit," Wendy replied. "By the way, what do you like more, long or short hair?"

"Long hair. Please, don't cut your hair, Wendy."

"Don't worry. I prefer to have my hair long as well."

After drying Wendy's hair, William went to the bathroom to bathe as well. Half an hour later, the two were fully dressed. They shared a parting kiss before leaving the room since Wendy still had to return to the Magic Division and wait for the tournament to start.

William, on the other hand, went to Dining Room of the Solaris Dormitory.  

The majority of students were already there, but not all of them had an appetite. Anxiety could be seen on their faces, which was perfectly normal because they would be fighting against the Magic and Spirit Divisions. This time, they wouldn't be sparring, but fighting for real.

The moment William entered the Dining Hall, all eyes locked unto him. He gave them all a brief nod as he walked to his seat and ate heartily. Unlike the rest of the Martial Class, he was confident that he could beat anyone he faced in the arena.

Seeing that their commander was enjoying his meal, the rest of the students also regained their appetite and started to eat. The instructors, who saw the change in the students' mood, nodded their heads in relief.  

They had already tried earlier to cheer the students up by offering rewards, but it didn't help their cause. Fortunately, William's confident actions inspired them to eat their breakfast in preparation for the big fight ahead.

Another hour passed as the students of the Martial Division walked towards the Grand Coliseum of the Royal Academy. Each Division had their own Coliseum, but the Grand Coliseum was the biggest of them all.

This was where the major events of the academy were held and it could easily seat more than three-hundred thousand spectators.  

William was in the lead and he walked with even steps and radiated confidence. Soon, he stopped and stood still at the entrance of the Grand Coliseum that was reserved for the First Year Martial Division students.

William turned around to face the students under his wing and smiled.

"Are all of you ready to beat up some snot-nosed pansies?" William asked.  

Only a handful of people said Yes, and they were mostly the officers under William's Knight Order. Clearly, the majority of the students were not confident in their chances of winning. William crossed his arms over his chest and decided to give them some encouragement.

"Sons and daughters of the Hellan Kingdom," William said in a confident manner. "And also comrades that came from foreign lands. My brothers and sisters in arms."

William placed his hands behind his back and scanned the anxious faces in front of him.

"I see in your eyes, the same fear that would take the heart out of me.

"A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends, and break all…"

-----

< Ding! >

< New Title Acquired! >

< Title: Copyright Infringement! >

"People die if they are killed."  

-- Receives +5 Enhancement Bonus to Agility

-- Receives +5 Enhancement Bonus to Vitality

-- Receives +5 Enhancement Bonus to Intelligence

------

William almost choked on his saliva when he saw the notification that appeared on his status page. He then cleared his throat and continued his speech.

"In life, we will encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated," William said firmly. "A few years ago, the disciple from the Misty Sect defeated me in a duel. Back then, I felt really depressed and was on the verge of giving up."

The ears of the students perked up because they remembered the day when William arrived at the academy for his Knighting Ceremony. There, he dueled the disciple of the Misty Sect, Kingsley.  

"I trained hard. Very hard…," William raised his chin in arrogance. "Even if all of you combined all the training that you have done in the past four years of your lives, I daresay that you wouldn't even come close to the training, and suffering, that I experienced in those four years."

"Because of this training, I was able to easily defeat that disciple of the Misty Sect in our rematch. I will not lie to all of you. Punching that bastard felt good." The Half-Elf smiled evilly and it made the students of the Martial Division smile as well. "Did you see how far he flew after taking a single punch from me? That my brothers, and sisters, is the sweet taste of revenge."

William then turned around to face the Grand Stadium. He still didn't move from where he stood because he was still not finished with his speech. "Today, we may encounter many defeats, but you must never be defeated.  

"Just remember the name of the person that beat you. We will gang up on them after the tournament, and drag them to the back of the academy to beat them until their parents won't be able to recognize them anymore.  

"Let's go. Make sure to raise your chins and show them the might of the Martial Division. "

William walked proudly towards the entrance of the stadium, while the students of the Martial Division cursed him silently. After saying all those encouraging words, their shameless commander ruined it all with the ending of his speech.

Ganging up on a single person? How shameless!

Kenneth chuckled as he walked towards the entrance of the Grand Coliseum. Priscilla sighed while holding her forehead, as she, too, walked towards the entrance. Spencer and Drake exchanged a glance at each other with a smile, before following their shameless Commander.

It didn't take long before the rest of the Martial Division marched towards the entrance as well. They were no longer feeling anxious. Instead, they were now looking forward to the great battle that was waiting for them.

Their commander was right. They may suffer losses, but they must never be defeated.


Chapter 284

Carter carefully checked his professor's uniform as he looked at his reflection in the mirror.  

He didn't know how it happened, but he felt something foreign inside his body and went on high alert. Carter was sure that the foreign entity had appeared the day that he had met William face to face.

Because of this, he decided to play it safe and just stayed inside his residence. Fortunately, the entirety of the students in the First, Second, and Third Year students of the Magic Division were already under his command.  

He ordered these students to complete the tasks he had left for them to do.

Deep down, Carter was feeling incredibly excited. He tried to remove the foreign invader inside his body, but none of his methods worked. He assumed that this was done by William's God Essence and his interest in his future vessel grew exponentially.

'I wonder what other secrets are waiting for me to uncover,' Carter thought as turned his head to leave his room. 'Time to start the first phase of my plan.'

The professor activated the suggestion spell and gave out a command. He was looking forward to seeing the expression on William's face when he saw....

----

"Wendy, come with me for a while," Est said with a smile. "There's something that I forgot in the Magic Division and I will need your assistance."

Est then turned to look at Ian who stood beside him. "Ian, stay here and take command of the students while I am away. I will return as soon as possible."

"Understood, Young Master" Ian nodded his head.  

Est left the Grand Coliseum with Isaac and Wendy following behind his back. The system didn't detect anything suspicious with their conversation since Wendy was the Magic Division's Secretary, and one of Est's officers

Upon arriving at the premises of the Magic Division, Est took Wendy to the garden. It was the same garden where Wendy had brought William, when he accidentally wandered inside their Division.

Wendy was quite familiar with the path because it was the same path that led them to her "Secret Place". Just as she expected, Est stopped in front of the statue.  

"Head Prefect, what are we doing here?" Wendy asked.  

Est looked at the statue as if he was admiring its beauty. A few seconds later, a sigh escaped his lips as he said the words that had been locked up inside his heart for a very long time.

"It's not fair," Est said with his back still facing Wendy. "I was the one who saw him first. Why must you get in the way?"

"Head Prefect?"

"Wendy, why must you get in the way? Can't you just find other boys to become your boyfriend? Why must you choose William of all people?"

Est then turned to look at Wendy with a hateful expression. "Why?! Why must you get in the way of my love?! Answer me! Why?!"

Wendy was shocked by the sudden change in Est's expression. She didn't expect to see the hate-filled look on the handsome boy's face, and she could tell that he really hated her to the bone.

"I-I don't understand," Wendy stuttered. "What does the Head Prefect mean by getting in the way of your love? What does this have to do with Will?"

"You don't understand?" Est laughed in contempt. "What is there to not understand? I was the one who saw him first. I was the one who loved him first. For four years, I always thought of him. Then, someone like you came along and snatched him from me! Tell me? How should I deal with this hate I am feeling right now? Answer me!"

Aside from the Mind Weaver spell, Carter had also added another spell called "Dark Desire" in the latest batch of candies that he had distributed among the students of the Magic Division.  

Like the name suggested, it is a spell that would bring out the deepest and darkest desire within a person's heart. Est's love for William was distorted due to the corruption of his Sea of Consciousness and the spell Dark Desire multiplied this corruption tenfold.

Right now, Est hated Wendy with a vengeance. The only reason why he hadn't attacked the young lady in front him was due to Carter's absolute order to keep her alive.

"H-Head Prefect, you love Will?" Wendy asked. "B-But, both of you are…"

Before Wendy could even finish her words, she felt a sudden pang of pain behind her neck before her world descended into darkness.

Isaac was there to support Wendy's body and prevented her from falling on the ground. After the deed was done, the statue moved aside revealing Carter with his hands behind his back.  

"Bring her inside," Carter ordered.

Est and Isaac nodded and brought Wendy inside the secret passage. The two spells had firmly taken hold of their Sea of Consciousness and they thought that what they were doing was the right thing to do.  

After the three children were inside the secret passage, Carter then looked in the direction of the Grand Coliseum and sneered.  

"I don't know if you can hear me or not, but if you don't hurry, I might get impatient and have fun with your girlfriend. I'll only give you half an hour to get here." Carter smiled in a lecherous manner. "Don't keep me waiting, or else..."

Carter chuckled as he entered the secret passage. Not long after, the statue moved to block the entrance as if the earlier incident had never happened.

------

'I'll kill you!' William screamed internally as he rushed towards the Magic Division. The moment Isaac attacked Wendy, the system immediately informed William of what was happening.  

William's eyes were already bloodshot as he used his movement technique to its limit. The Grand Coliseum was not that far from the Magic Division. At most, it would only take him five minutes to reach his destination.

However, every second that passed felt like years to him. For some reason, the system's trackers weren't working inside the secret cavern that was hidden in the garden of the Magic Division.

What William and Wendy didn't know was that the Underground Lake had another secret exit near the teacher's residences. The moment Carter stepped into that place, the system's tracking on him had been cut off.

Naturally, the system had reported this anomaly to William, but as the Head Prefect of the First Years, he just couldn't leave them when the tournament was about to start. He planned to investigate Carter's whereabouts after the opening ceremony had finished.

However, William and the system didn't expect that the Professor had this trump card hidden up his sleeve.

The Half-Elf had never run this fast in his lifetime. He was pushing himself to the limit just to arrive a second sooner, so he could save Wendy from the clutches of the lecherous professor who had been targeting her from the start.

When William arrived at the garden, he immediately moved the hand of the statue to allow him entry into the secret passage.

A few seconds later, he arrived at the underground lake and saw Wendy tied up on one of the walls of the cavern with steel chains. William breathed a sigh of relief because aside from being unconscious, she was completely unharmed.

"Well, that was faster than I expected," Carter said with amusement. He was leaning on the cave wall not far from where Wendy was chained.  

Est, and Isaac, on the other hand, stood beside Wendy with their weapons drawn and pointed at her body.

"What do you want?!" William roared. "Release Wendy right now!"

"Okay. I'll release her," Carter replied with a smile. "That is what you wanted to hear, right?"

Carter sneered. He then waved his hand and erected a Magic Barrier around Wendy, Est, and Isaac. He didn't want to take any chances, and he knew that he had the upper hand in this situation.

He had waited for this moment for days, and he would not allow William to escape his grasp. As long as he had a hostage, the Half-Elf would be forced to listen to his demands.

"What do you want?" William said through gritted teeth.  

The Half-Elf had been secretly calculating the best way to save Wendy, but the Professor's magic barrier prevented him from doing anything reckless. It was at this moment when he realized that he wasn't dealing with a small fry, but a cautious person that had planned this scenario in order to lure him into a trap.

Carter appraised William from where he stood. The longer he looked, the more satisfied he was with the new vessel that he would soon be inhabiting.

"Drink this first," Carter said as he threw a vial that contained a purple liquid towards the boy. "Only by drinking this will we start our conversation."

William caught the vial and appraised its contents. He hesitated after reading the information of the vial, but he still drank it in the end.

Soon, William felt his world spin around him as he fell down on his knees. Carter's smile widened as he walked towards the fallen boy who was suffering from the effect of the special serum that he had made.

"Such strong willpower," Carter said as he lifted William's chin with his finger. "Very admirable."

"Fck you!" William said through gritted teeth.

Carter didn't seem to be offended by William's words, instead he took out another vial from his pocket. He then used his hand to pry open William's mouth and poured its contents inside it.

"I know that you're not an ordinary person, so I'm not taking any chances," Carter stated. "Here, have another."

After emptying the second vial, Carter took another one and forced William to drink it.  

William's eyes rolled into the back of his head as he lost consciousness completely. After checking the boy's vital signs, the professor lifted the boy's body with one hand. The Half-Elf hung limp in Carter's hold like a puppet waiting to be manipulated by a puppeteer.  

"The two of you guard the entrance," Carter ordered. "Do not leave your spot until I tell you. Understood?"

""Yes."" Est and Isaac walked towards the passageway and left the underground lake. Est gave the unconscious William a brief glance before turning his head away. As he walked towards the exit of the cave, a single tear streamed down the side of his face.  

He wiped it away in a casual manner as if it was a nuisance. Carter didn't see this because he wasn't paying attention to anyone aside from the boy in his hand. The reason why he ordered Est and Isaac to leave was because he would start the process of taking over William's body.

Although the two teenagers were under his spell, there was a small chance for the both of them to regain control over their senses after seeing Carter's true form.  

When Carter felt that the two kids were now outside the cavern and guarding the entrance, he then activated the spells embedded in the students inside the Grand Coliseum to proceed with the next phase of his plan....

'Go on my little pets,' Carter said as he empowered the spell that lay dormant within the consciousness of the students under his command. 'Start a massacre. Kill as many as you can! Cover the Coliseum grounds with the blood of your friends and acquaintances! Kill for me! Offer your lives as a sacrifice for my rebirth!'

Carter's laughter echoed off the walls surrounding the underground lake. The moment he had been waiting for was finally at hand!


Chapter 285

King Noah walked towards the podium and scanned the thousands of students that were gathered in the Grand Coliseum. There should have been more, but they had fallen due to the Dungeon Outbreaks that had suddenly erupted in many places in the Kingdom.

That event greatly saddened him, and the Dean of the Royal academy, for the students were the seeds that they were supposed to nurture in order to keep their kingdom strong.

After taking a deep breath, King Noah stood in front of everyone and started his opening speech.

"For many years, our kingdom has stood tall within the Southern Continent," King Noah said in a voice that was magnified using a magic artifact. "Four years ago, we withstood the Beast Tide that dared to threaten the people of our lands. We were victorious in that battle at the price of many of our brave countrymen.

"A few months ago, another major event happened without warning. This time around, we were forced to seek the help of every able bodied young man and woman to protect the land that we call our home."

King Noah paused and a profound silence fell upon the students that were standing in the Coliseum Grounds. The First Years, up to the Fourth Years of the Martial, Magic, and Spirit Divisions were all gathered and looking at King Noah with sad expressions.

Some of their good friends had fallen during the Dungeon Outbreak, leaving only their memories behind.  

King Noah raised his voice as he commended the bravery of the students that had stood their ground, so that many of their countrymen could keep living a peaceful life.  

"Hellanians are strong," King Noah said firmly. "We will never cower. We will never surrender. We will face all that threatens our lives and freedom!"

The students raised their hands and roared in unison. King Noah's speech made their blood boil with determination to protect their kingdom.

"This tournament is a way for you to know your strengths and your weaknesses. A way for you to experience fighting against many different kinds of people," King Noah explained.  

"Naturally, all of you will be rewarded. Not just the winners, also those who fought bravely. I look forward to the exciting matches that I will see today. Without further delay, I now declare the start of the Inter-Division Battle of the Hellan Royal Academy!"

Suddenly, an ear piercing screech resounded inside the Grand Coliseum as a red portal appeared on the East Side of the spectators gallery.  

Thousands of Stone Gargoyles flew out of the portal and started to attack those who were seated near it. The audience screamed and scattered in fear as the demons started a massacre.

"Knights!" King Noah roared. "Protect the citizens!"

""Yes!""

The Knights of the Kingdom immediately charged towards the Eastern Side of the Coliseum, while the Grand Archmage hurried towards Noah in order to protect him.

"Magicians! Protect the Citizens!" Matthew ordered the Fourth Years. "Fight in groups of four and protect each other's backs!"

The Fourth Years immediately moved out towards the East to help the Knights subdue the threat that suddenly appeared in their Inter-Division Ceremony.

The Head Prefects of the Martial, and Spirit Divisions also ordered the students under their wing to reinforce the defenders.

"Damn you demons!" A Third Year student from the Spirit Division summoned spirits in order to fend off the gargoyles that were flying around them.  

"Be careful," a lady cleric summoned a barrier to prevent the barrage of stone bullets from hitting his companion.  

At that moment, a Second Year from the Magic Division appeared beside them.

"I came here to help," the Second Year Magician said as he stood beside the two Third Years.

"Good! Make sure to support our healer, I'll handle the rest!"

"Understood."

The young spirit user was about to summon more spirit beasts when he was blasted away by a fireball that came from the Second Year Student.  

"Mark!" the healer shouted. She was about to deploy a barrier to protect himself, but the Second Year Student was faster than her and knocked her unconscious, using the back of his sword.  

A gargoyle then descended from the sky and scooped the unconscious healer from the ground and flew back towards the portal in haste. Their role was to bring back the talented ladies of the Royal Academy to become the broodmares of their Demon Race.

"What are you doing?!"

"Stop!"

"Traitors!"

Shouts of anger, and disbelief reverberated on the Coliseum as the First, Second, and Third Year students of the Magic Division "backstabbed" their fellow students.

"The Magicians are in league with the demons! Kill them!" An enraged Swordsman from the Fourth Year Martial Class roared as he charged towards a Fourth Year Magician that was standing not far from him.

"Wait! We are on your side!" the magician raised his hand to prove that he had no intention to fight.

Unfortunately, the widespread "backstabbing" of the magicians had already made it impossible for anyone to believe his words.

"Die!" The swordsman pierced the Magician's chest, killing him instantly.  

The magician died and fell on the ground with shock written on his face. He couldn't believe that his friend had attacked him without showing any shred of mercy.

Soon, he, along with the rest of the people that had died in the Coliseum turned into particles of light.

----

"Fourth Years! Rally to me!" Matthew shouted in order to recall the Fourth Years of the Magic Division. "Defend yourselves, but do not attack anyone! I repeat. Defend yourselves, but don't attack anyone!"

Leah who was standing beside him created a water barrier to protect the two of them from the attacks that were coming from the Spirit and Martial Division. Just like the rest of the students, both of them were caught by surprise by the unexpected turn of events that decimated almost a third of the students within the coliseum grounds.

The Fourth Year Magicians hurriedly went towards Matthew and resisted the combined attacks of their fellow students, while also defending against the gargoyles that were firing stone bullets from the sky.  

Tens of thousands Gargoyles suddenly appeared in the battlefield, and it was almost impossible to wipe them all out using an Area of Effect Spell. What made things even harder was that the "Magicians" had turned coat and attacked the defenders from all sides, increasing the chaos in the battlefield.

"Angorian Knights! Attack the younger magicians, but do not target the Fourth Years!" Priscilla commanded after killing one of the magicians with an arrow. "Remember, target only those that are actively attacking the other students!"

""Yes!""

Brutus' and Bruno's eyes were bloodshot as they attacked their classmates who were wantonly killing the students from the other divisions. They didn't know what was happening, but all the people that they knew were acting like berserked spellcasters who couldn't distinguish between friend or foe!

"What is happening to your classmates?!" Spencer shouted as he fought his way towards the twin brothers who were in the middle of the crossfire. "Where's Wendy?!"

Brutus summoned an Earthwall to defend against a fireball that came from a Third Year Student. The fireball exploded, but the stone wall remained firm and stable.  

"Wendy left half an hour ago with the Head Prefect," Bruno answered as he fired multiple fire bolts at the Third Year that attacked them. Unfortunately, the Third Year was well versed in Fire Magic and easily neutralized Bruno's attack.

"Where did they go?" Spencer asked as he channeled his aura on his spear. He then threw it towards the Third Year Magician without waiting for Bruno's answer.

Spencer's Weapon Aura allowed him to increase the speed of his attacks exponentially. Whether it was thrusts, slash, or throwing attacks. All of them were multiplied tenfold once he imbued his aura into his weapon.

The spear flew like a bullet and pierced through the Magician's Chest ending his life in the process.  

"The last thing I heard from the Head Prefect is that they left something in the Magic Division," Bruno answered as he fired several fire bolts at his classmates who were running amok. "Maybe they're still there."

"I got it! Both of you stay alive!" Spencer ran towards the fallen magician to retrieve his spear.  

As soon as he retrieved his spear, the magician turned into particles of light, which made Spencer sigh in relief. He then hurried towards the exit of the arena in order to find his twin sister and protect her from the demons that had suddenly invaded their academy.

-----

Just as Carter ordered, the First, Second, and Third Year Magicians had positioned themselves among the members of the Spirit Division. These students were rich in spirit powers and would be the perfect incubators for the next generation of demons.

This was why Carter ordered them to only knock the girls unconscious, while killing the boys using a surprise attack.  

A black Gargoyle that was three times bigger than the rest stood near the portal and observed the mayhem that was happening.

His name was Atos, the right-hand man of Commander Zagal. The Demon Commander ordered him to carry out the plan and ensure that Carter would be able to safely leave the academy under his watch.  

So far, the plan was proceeding smoothly as the students of the Royal Academy died left and right. This was all in accordance with their Commander's order to start a massacre.  

Atos was extremely happy that In a short span of time, hundreds of girls had already been captured by the gargoyles, and were taken to the red portal to be brought back to the Demon Continent.  

'Just where are you, Carter?' Atos thought as he scanned the crowd, looking for his comrade at arms. 'At most, we can only stay here for ten more minutes. If you're not here by then, we are going to leave you behind.'

Although Atos was ordered by Commander Zagal to bring Carter back safe and sound, he had long hated the sly worm for sucking up to their Commander. Although he was the right-hand man of the Demon General, Carter was always given special treatment by his superior which made Atos hate Carter to the bone.

He just pretended to be civil on the surface, but if there was an opportunity to backstab his rival, he would not miss the opportunity to do so.  

'I can always say that we were forced to retreat because the human reinforcements arrived quickly,' Atos thought. 'Yes. Let's go with that plan.'

The Black Gargoyle smirked because it thought that it had found a good excuse to leave his comrade behind in the academy. What he didn't know was that his "comrade" had no intention of returning to the Demon Continent.

Instead, the Professor was busy stuffing potions inside William's mouth, in order to weaken the Half-Elf's resistance. He intended to personally enter William's Sea of Consciousness to devour his soul and completely take over his body.


Chapter 286

While the massacre was rampaging in the Grand Coliseum, a few individuals had appeared inside the academy grounds and scattered in different directions. No one saw them come, and no one would see them leave.

"Princess, rest assured, none of these foul beasts will touch a single strand of your hair." The Knight Captain of the Aerial Cavaliers stood in front of Princess Sidonie with his sword drawn.  

The rest of the Knights also didn't move from their position and created an impenetrable defense to protect the young lady seated behind them.

"I'm not worried," Princess Sidonie replied. "As long as the Knights of Freesia stand before me, I will not be afraid of anything."

The magic Knights among the Aerial Cavaliers fired their long range spells in order to attack the gargoyles that flew near their location. Even though they wanted to help, their Princess' safety was their top priority.

Also, their flying mounts were not with them at the moment, so they couldn't engage the flying monsters in the sky. Since that was the case, they focused on the one thing that they could do and that was to protect Princess Sidonie at all cost.

When the attack started, Prince Lionel was seated beside Princess Sidonie. However, after seeing the traitorous magicians attract their classmates, the Knight Captain of Princess Sidonie's Royal Guard, politely asked the Crown Prince to return to King Noah's side.

In fear that Prince Lionel would suddenly turn coat and attack the Princess, they used a diplomatic approach to make the Prince evacuate.  

Seeing that the Knight Captain was firm in his decision, Prince Lionel decided to take a step back and agree to their request. However, deep inside, he was feeling irritated because an opportunity to "save" Princess Sidonie was lost due to the Knight Captain's interference.

< I wonder what he would think, if you told him that you'd rather let a gargoyle snatch you away than chat with him for a minute longer? >

'Although I agree with your words, I can't possibly say that to a Crown Prince of a Kingdom. Big Sister, what are your thoughts about this incident?'

< Something is very fishy about this incident. Sidonie, swap with me for now. I want to be ready just in case of an emergency. >

'Okay.'

-----

Inside the Underground Cavern…

William lay on a small altar, near the lake. A black liquid dripped from the side of his lips, as Carter poured the contents of an eighth vial in the Half-Elf's mouth.  

This vial was specially made to weaken a person's soul, forcing it into a lethargic state. Usually, Carter only used two of them whenever he changed vessels, but William was special. The Professor wouldn't underestimate someone that had God Essence in them, so he prepared a dozen "Soul Suppressing Serum" to make William's soul unable to even lift a finger to stop him.

After emptying the twelfth vial, Carter ran a diagnostic spell into William's body. Soon, a triumphant smile appeared on his lips as he prepared to leave the vessel he had been using for the past few months.

Carter opened his mouth, and a two-foot long purple worm emerged from it. It had three eyes on its head, and the blood-red pupils gazed at William as if he was the most delicious meal that it had seen in its life.

After successfully disengaging itself from Carter's body, the "Professor" fell on the ground. Although the body was still alive, it was now an empty husk, bereft of any spirit. The Astral Worm had devoured the soul of the original "Carter" months ago and had stayed in his body up to this day.

The Worm thought that it would be using the Professor's body for many years to come, but William's sudden appearance made it change its plans completely.

It then flew towards William's mouth, and forced itself inside it. The Half-Elf was in an unconscious state and was unable to offer any kind of resistance. Soon, the Worm arrived in William's Sea of Consciousness and immediately felt the Divinity that it had longed for in its dreams.

'Yes! Yes! Yes! Finally!' the Worm happily screeched as it flew toward the center of William's Sea of Consciousness.

There, he saw a boy, kneeling on the ground, and gasping for breath. The worm didn't waste a single moment and immediately attacked the boy. It planned to devour William's soul and take over his body completely.

William's eyes stared at the seven-meter-long Astral Worm that was rushing towards him, and activated his appraisal skill.

-----

< Astral Worm >

-- Soul Devourer

-- Spirit Beast

-- Threat Level: S (Low)

-- Centennial Beast

-----

William tried to stand, but his legs refused to move.  

< Host, your soul has been weakened by 80%. Currently, you don't have the capability to fight this Spirit Beast. Even in your peak power, you are still not a match for it. >

'I know.' William replied. Even communicating with the System was hard because his spirit energy had decreased drastically. He gathered all the magic power that he could currently muster in his current state.  

At most, he could use it to initiate one full powered attack, and hope that it would work.  

'We will proceed with the last resort.'

< Host, that is suicide. >

'I'd rather commit suicide, than be devoured by this bastard. Activate it, now!'

The System knew that William was right. Now was the moment of life and death. Both of them had no other choice, but to confront the Centennial Beast with everything they got.

< Forcefully Merging Job Classes >

< Ice Mage >

< Dark Mage >

< Archer >

< Monk >

< Spearman >

< Thief >

< Disciple of Thunder >

< Fighter >

< Cavalier >

< Sun Knight >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

William clenched his fist as he summoned Stormcaller in front of him. The spear of the Ainsworth Family shone with defiance as lightning snaked around its body.  

"Lightning God War Art, Thirteen Form…"

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

"Go for the kill…," William said through gritted teeth. "Gaebolg!"

William also channeled all the magic power he currently had and boosted Stormcaller's power as much as he could.

The lightning spear charged towards the approaching Astral Worm like a railgun. It roared and thunder followed in its wake. It was a weapon that had gained sentience long ago, and was only waiting for someone that had the affinity of lightning to wield its powers.

After William unlocked the Disciple of Thunder, the Ainsworth Family Heirloom once again appeared on the battlefield, like it did, thousands of years ago. It had realized William's current situation, and the threat that was fast approaching its current Master.

Empowered by William's Lightning God War Art, and his magic, it flew towards the Astral Worm like a raging lightning bolt.  

It was the only thing that stood between the Devourer of Souls, and a helpless Shepherd, that was on the verge of collapse.  


Chapter 287

Mordred arrived at the Grand Coliseum and immediately transformed to help deal with the demonic invasion.

After a brief moment, a six-meter long red dragon appeared inside the Grand Coliseum and started to obliterate all the gargoyle in its path. After its initial rampage, the dragon targeted the gargoyles that were carrying the girls towards the portals.  

It grabbed the gargoyles in the air and crushed them with its powerful claws. It then caught the falling girl and placed her on the ground before continuing its battle with the gargoyles in the air.

Matthew glanced at the red-dragon and sighed in relief. He had recognized his father, so the burden in his heart eased. With additional reinforcements helping them, he ordered the Fourth Year Students to focus on the girls that were falling out of the air to prevent them from falling to their doom.

After the initial confusion, the other divisions now knew that the Fourth Year Students of the Magic Division were still on their side, so they stopped attacking them. They now focused on the First, Second, and Third Year Magic Divisions, who were still helping the gargoyles capture the students of the academy.

Atos narrowed his eyes and personally engaged the red dragon in an aerial battle. The commander of the demons used an artifact that Commander Zagarl had given him that would boost his strength by five times for a short period of time.

The Gargoyle's strength immediately soared up to Millennial Rank and he faced the red dragon head on. Their collision sent shockwaves through the air and repelled the gargoyles surrounding them.

The Red Dragon was only at the peak of the Centennial Rank, so the Gargoyle managed to push it away in their initial clash. Even so, it didn't back down and engaged Atos in a dogfight. Each time the two beasts collided, powerful gusts of wind would blow, sending Demons and Humans in every direction.

Aside from Atos, there were five more Centennial Ranked Gargoyles that were sent to oversee the operation. Although they were in the middle-ranks, they were still Centennial Rank creatures which made them a grade above ordinary fighters.

"Man… this is quite exciting. The last time we had this much fun was when we went to the South to help the Young Master," Damian said.

"Let's go, it would be bad if the Boss thought that we were slacking off," Gideon commented.

Suddenly two portals appeared behind the two men.  

Above Damian, a giant portal appeared and one of the Apex Predators of the sky screeched as it made its entrance. It was none other than a Roc. It was a Flying Beast that was at the peak of the Centennial Rank.  

Damian appeared on the back of the giant bird with his arms crossed over his chest. The Roc flew towards one of the Centennial Ranked Gargoyles and engaged it in combat.

"Let's go, Partner!" Gideon shouted.

A giant beast slithered out of the portal and bowed its head, so that Gideon could ride it. The name of the snake was Bashe, and it was Gideon's most powerful Beast Companion. It was a half Dragon half Snake creature, and was also at the peak of the Centennial Rank.

Without waiting for Gideon's order, the snake zoomed in on the other Centennial Gargoyle in the distance. It leaped into the air and lashed its powerful tail, bringing the flying demonic creature to the ground.  

Atos frowned when he saw that the reinforcements had arrived faster than he had anticipated. They had only been around for five minutes, and yet, his forces were now being decimated at an alarming pace.  

"Retreat!" Atos ordered. "Protect those carrying the broodmares at all costs! Head towards the red portal as fast as you can!"

After issuing his orders, Atos joined both of his hands and pummeled the head of the red-dragon, sending it crashing towards the ground. He then flew towards the gargoyles that were carrying the girls to protect them from those who were trying to save the students.

The two remaining Centennial Gargoyles followed Atos' lead and helped their subordinates resist the frenzied attacks of the Knights and the students of the academy.

'Since you're still not here then I'm leaving you behind,' Atos sneered as he and the rest of the Centennial Gargoyles entered the portal.  

Thousands of gargoyles were still flying within the Grand Coliseum. They were brought here as suicide fighters, and their role was to kill as many people as they could while their superiors escaped through the red portal.

They were beings created from magic cores, so Commander Zagarl didn't care whether they lived or died. For him, they were disposable cannon fodders that could be replaced at any given time. Their only value was to capture their targets and defend the portal until their superiors, and the girls, had been safely delivered to the Demon Continent.

"Stand back!" Emrys, the Grand Archmage of the Kingdom, ordered. He raised his hand in the air and activated a 7th-Circle Spell to obliterate all the demons that were blocking the portal.  

"Firestorm!" Emrys shouted after a short chant.

Roaring flames surged above the Grand Coliseum as giant fireballs fell down like rain. Everything that it touched was reduced to ashes. The students hurriedly protected themselves with defensive magic in order to protect themselves from the explosions that were happening in front of them.

In that single spell, thousands of Gargoyles died, but a few thousand still remained. After realizing that they didn't have much time left to live, the gargoyles went into a frenzy and descended from the sky en masse.  

They were like suicide bombers that were planning to take anyone they could with them to the afterlife. Screams of anger and pain resounded within the stadium as several students turned into particles of light after the collision with the gargoyle horde.

While this was happening, Atos and the rest of the demons were flying through the warp tunnel that would send them back to the Demon Continent.  

It didn't take them long before they saw the exit of the tunnel.

Atos had a big grin on its face as he left the tunnel behind. He was already imagining the praises he would receive from the Demon General, Zagarl, and the rewards that would be showered on him after a successful mission.  

Atos' grin stiffened when the familiar scene of the Demon Continent didn't appear in his sights.  

After exiting the tunnel, the first thing he saw was a bald monk, drinking a jug of alcohol, while sitting on the shoulder of a Giant Golden Ape.

"Yo! Took you long enough," Dwayne greeted the gargoyles with a smiling face. He then drank the jug of alcohol in his hand and burped afterwards. "I was getting bored, you see."

Above the giant golden ape, several Wyverns flew and looked at the Gargoyles in disdain. They had already killed the gargoyles that had appeared before them and all the girls that they had captured had all been saved.

Atos looked at the ground. Pieces of stone had been scattered everywhere. They were the body parts of his subordinates who had died after encountering Dave, the Ourobro, and the Wyverns after exiting the portal.  

The Commander of the Demon Invasion roared in anger. He thought that his mission had been a complete success. He thought that what was waiting for him were the praises and rewards from the Demon General.

Instead, what waited for him was the giant, golden, fist of the Ourobro that didn't give the Gargoyle Commander a chance to vent his frustration.


Chapter 288

Lightning and thunder roared in fury as Stormcaller charged towards the Astral Worm in a straight line.  

The Astral Worm was a demonic creature and had a distinct weakness against the lightning element. Even so, it didn't decrease its speed and faced the spear head-on.

"Your resistance is futile," the Astral Worm said via telepathy. The disdain in its voice echoed throughout William's Sea of Consciousness as it looked down on William's last struggle. "I've already devoured the souls of more than fifty powerful people in my lifetime, and I have also absorbed their powers. You will suffer the same fate, so just submit and allow me to devour your soul!"

A protective barrier covered the Astral Worm's body as it collided with Stormcaller.  

William gritted his teeth as he urged Stormcaller to pierce through the Worm's barrier, but it was to no avail. The faceoff lasted for a full minute, before the power behind the spear's charge dissipated, the Worm lashed out its tail and sent it flying towards the East side of William's Sea of Consciousness.  

It then charged-full speed at William in order to devour him once and for all.  

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

"Soleil, come forth!" William pleaded.

The ring transformed into a golden spear and stood in front of William. The red headed boy held the spear and channeled his aura into it.  

"Go!" William ordered.

Soleil flew towards the East where Stormcaller was sent by the Astral Worm's attack, leaving William behind.

When the Astral Worm was only ten meters away from William, the boy activated Soleil's special ability and instantly teleported to where the spear was.

The Worm's jaws slammed down on the location where William kneeled a few seconds ago and chewed aggressively. Tasting nothing inside its mouth, it then turned its head to look towards the East and saw the boy grasping the golden spear for dear life as it sped off into the distance.

"Resistance is futile!" the Astral Worm roared and lunged towards the East.  

In a span of a few seconds, it had already closed the gap by half as it used another ability that it had taken from one of its previous victims.  

The Astral Worm had activated a skill called "Windrider" that allowed it to fly in the air with short, powerful bursts. Its eyes locked on William, making sure that he wouldn't be able to escape its sights.

Suddenly, the weapons that were embedded in William's consciousness flew into the air and attacked the Worm.  

William was using every trick he had, but the Centennial Ranked Worm didn't bat an eye and just used its magic barrier to repel the attacks from the weapons.

"Intent fusion!" William said softly as his body glowed. This was the second stage of his Weapon Intent which allowed him to merge with his weapons.  

Soleil's body blazed as it curved sideways to attack the Astral Worm that was hell bent on catching it.

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

Two rays of light, one dark, one golden, zigzagged across William's Sea of Consciousness. Everytime the two beams of light intersected, cracks would appear in the sky.

The sea below the two combatants churned as if it was boiling, heralding that the end of the world was at hand.

The Astral Worm was impressed by William's willpower, but it knew that it was only a matter of time before the boy burned out the remaining power in his soul. The destruction that was happening around them was proof that William was nearing his limit.  

Deep inside, the Soul Devouring Worm was happily anticipating the moment when William's soul power would run out. When that happened, the new vessel that it had dreamed about would finally fall into its hands.

-----

The four Gods that were watching William from the Temple of Ten Thousand Gods had grim expressions on their faces. They watched helplessly as William fought with his life on the line, but they also knew that it was all for naught.

Gavin clenched his fist as he watched one of his two followers about to meet his end by the jaws of the Astral Worm. After watching for half a minute, the God of All Trades unclenched his hands as he made his decision.

Power gathered in Gavin's body as he locked onto the Divinity that he had given William many years ago. Lily, Issei, and David looked at him with serious expressions, but they didn't do anything to stop him.

What Gavin was attempting to do was to forcefully possess William's body using the power of the God Contract. This act allowed the believers of the Gods to use their powers for a short period of time.

However, doing this was not advised if the God's follower was in a severely weakened state like William. If Gavin made a mistake, he would shatter William's Soul the moment he descended into the Half-Elf's Sea of Consciousness.

"God…," Gavin said with determination. "Descent!"

-----

"Gwark!" William's blood spurted out of his mouth as his soul's connection with Soleil disengaged.  

He wasn't able to endure the last clash between himself and the Astral Worm which dispelled the effect of his "Intent Fusion."  

William's body fell helplessly from the sky and the Astral Worm didn't waste any time and immediately rushed towards him.

"Hahahaha!" the Astral Worm roared in laughter. It then opened its jaws to devour William's soul. "It's over Half-Elf! Your soul is mine!"

"Not on my watch!"

A booming voice slammed down on the Astral Worm's consciousness which made it flinch in pain, momentarily stopping its charge towards William.  

Suddenly, a golden beam shot down from the heavens and covered William in a radiant light.

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

William's eyes widened in shock as he saw a familiar figure standing before him.  

Gavin, his Patron God, stood with his hands behind his back and a sorrowful look on his face.  

"Will, do you want to experience the power of the 'Jack of All Trades' before you once again cross into the afterlife?" Gavin asked.  

Gavin and William both knew that he couldn't be saved anymore. The damage to his soul had already started and Gavin's descent made its demise even faster.  

During William's and Celine's training, the Half-Elf had died many times within his Sea of Consciousness. However, he still revived because it took a very powerful attack to destroy a soul.

Unfortunately, his opponent this time specialized in "devouring" souls. There wouldn't be a second chance once the Astral Worm had eaten its prey. All that waited for the soul that got devoured was a slow and painful absorption.  

The Astral Worm would then acquire that soul's powers and become stronger.

Gavin's descent was not done the proper way. It was a forceful possession that disregarded the will of the follower that had chosen him as their Patron God. However, Gavin would rather personally escort William's soul back to the afterlife, than have it devoured by the Astral Worm and be used as its nourishment.

William smiled and nodded his head. "I'm sorry, Gavin. I tried. Unfortunately, this is as far as I can go."

"I know." Gavin nodded.

"I'm sorry."

"It's fine. I pray that you will have a better life after you reincarnate."

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

< Merging… Failed. >

"Let me experience it once," William said softly. "The power of the Jack of All Trades."

"As you wish," Gavin replied with a sad smile.  

He then pressed his palm against William's head and channeled his divinity.

"System Force Override," Gavin ordered. "Forcefully upgrade all Job Classes!"

< System Force Override Initiated… >

< Job Classes Selected… >

< Upgrading… >

< Ice Mage -- Ice Wizard >

< Dark Mage -- Dark Wizard >

< Archer -- Ranger >

< Monk -- Zen Master >

< Spearman -- Templar >

< Thief -- Rogue >  

< Disciple of Thunder -- Prince of Thunder >

< Fighter -- Weaponmaster >

< Cavalier -- Dragoon >

< Sun Knight -- Champion of the Sun >

"Merge Job Classes!" Gavin ordered.

< Merging Job Classes…>

< Ice Wizard >

< Dark Wizard >

< Ranger >

< Zen Master >

< Templar >

< Rouge >

< Prince of Thunder >

< Weaponmaster >

< Dragoon >

< Champion of the Sun >

< Merging Job Classes… Success! >

< New Job Class Acquired! >

< Job Class: Argonaut >

< Argonaut (Temporary) >

"Heroes are not born, they are made."  

-- In a time long forgotten, when the Gods still played with the lives of mortal men. A group of the strongest, and bravest, heroes banded together and rose up among the masses to challenge their reign. They completed the many quests that the Gods had imposed on them and finally gained their approval.

-- In the end, this group of Heroes were hailed as Argonauts. Mortal men and women who had won humanity's freedom and ushered in the dawn of a new era for mankind.

-- Increase Magic Damage Resistance by 50%

-- Increase Physical Damage Resistance by 50%

-- Increase Physical Damage +50%

-- Increase Magic Damage +50%

< Host has learned skill: Charge of the Argonauts >

-----

< Ding! >

< New Title Acquired! >

< Jack Of All Trades >

-----

< Jack Of All Trades (Temporary) >

"A Jack Of All Trades is a master of none, but oftentimes better than a Master of One."

-- Increase Magic Damage Dealt by 100%

-- Increase Physical Damage Dealt by 100%

-- Receives +500 enhancement bonus to all stats

-----

Great power surged over William's soul as Gavin's Divinity empowered his entire being.

"Go… Will," Gavin said softly. "Crush this worm and make sure that it will never hurt anyone again from this day onward."

Gavin turned into particles of light as he returned to the Temple of Ten Thousand Gods.  

----

When the blinding light receded, the Astral Worm glared in William's direction. A sphere of light glowed in the sky like a miniature sun.  

Soon, the light faded and William appeared wearing a golden suit of armor. The Half-Elf was wearing a winged circlet, and holding a spear in each hand, namely, Stormcaller, and Soleil. On his back, several tendrils of light that were similar to a golden "Aurora Borealis", fluttered like a cape.  

William stared at the Astral Worm with a calm expression on his face. The "Giant" that seemed to be undefeatable a while ago, now looked like a little worm that he could crush if he were to simply step on it.

"Lightning God War Art, Twelfth form," William said as he raised Stormcaller and Soleil at the same time with the intention to strike. "Strike with precision, Gungnir!"

William threw both spears towards the Astral Worm.  

Fire and lightning criss-crossed across the skies with a vengeance.  

The Astral Worm instinctively knew that it wouldn't survive if he got hit by the two spears that filled it with dread. It immediately moved to the side in order to evade, but it was all for naught.

"Your resistance is futile," William muttered as he gazed at his adversary's last struggle. "You can't fight the inevitable."

Soon a scream filled with fear and pain echoed within William's Sea of Consciousness. It was only the start of the Astral Worm's suffering, for William intended to kill it countless times, until its soul ceased to exist.


Chapter 289

Name: William Von Ainsworth

Race: Half-Elf

Health Points: 170,300 / 282,500

Mana: 168,200 / 290,000  

Job Class: Shepherd (Lvl 30)

Sub Class: Argonaut (Max)

< Strength: 55 (+545) >

< Agility: 50 (+520) >  

< Vitality: 30 (+535) >

< Intelligence: 60 (+520)>

< Dexterity: 45 (+550) >

Titles:  

< Giant Slayer >

< Domain Master >

< Jack Of All Trades >

-----

The Astral Worm exploded into a thousand pieces as Stormcaller and Soleil pierced its body simultaneously. Blood and flesh fell down in William's Sea of Consciousness like rain, but the red-headed boy didn't bat an eye and just stood perfectly still.

Soon, Stormcaller and Soleil descended towards the ground and activated their powers.

Lightning scattered into the sea, followed by roaring flames that wanted to burn everything in existence.  

The Astral Worm planned to play dead and reform its body once William lowered his guard. It thought that it was a perfect plan because not many knew that the souls inside the Sea of Consciousness wouldn't be destroyed so easily.

Unfortunately, it didn't know that this was not the first time that William had fought inside his domain. He knew, more than anything else, the rules behind the battle of two souls.

"Curse you!" the Astral Worm hatefully roared as its body parts were incinerated to ashes. Soon, its Giant Body reformed, but there were certain parts of it that were missing. Clearly, the damage it took from William's empowered attacks were not easy to regenerate.

The Astral Worm hatefully charged at William with the intention of bringing him down with him. This was a mistake on its part because it still thought that William had merely recovered to his former peak of power--before he drank the Soul Suppressing Serums that the Astral Worm forced him to drink at the start.

"Ice Prison," William said and the Giant Worm was enclosed in a giant block of ice. He then raised his hand and a black sword made of pure Dark Magic appeared in front of him. William casually slashed at the block of ice, splitting it into two, killing the Astral Worm for the third time.

It didn't take long before the Astral Worm materialized once again. However, this time, it didn't choose to fight. Instead, it chose to flee!

William watched it with disdain and allowed it to run away for a brief period of time before uttering two words.

"Duel-Ex!"

The Astral Worm stopped mid flight and was forcefully dragged back towards the Half-Elf who had a devilish grin plastered on his face.

"You can run, but there is no escaping the inevitable." William summoned Rhongomyniad and pointed it at the shrieking Giant Worm that was doing its best to escape. "Lightning God War Art, First Form…  

"Illuminate the World! Rhongomyniad!"

A blinding beam of light erupted from the tip of the spear and enveloped the Astral Worm in its entirety.  

A few seconds later, the Astral Worm reappeared once again. Half of its body was already gone and failed to regenerate.  

"F-Forgive me! Please, have mercy!" the Astral Worm pleaded. "You can treat me as your subordinate! I promise, I won't betray you! If you like, you can even make me your slave! I don't care, just please, spare me! Have mercy!"  

William summoned his bow and quiver. He then nocked the Holy arrow on his bow and took aim.  

"When your victims pleaded to you for mercy, did you spare them?" William asked. "You didn't, right?

"Lightning God War Art, Eight Form…" William sneered. "Exterminate, Khyrselakatos!"

"Nooooooooooo!" The Astral Worm tried to run away once again, but it was already too late.  

The Holy Arrow arrow multiplied not in the hundreds, but a thousand replicas and descended on the Giant Worm's body like rain.  

William didn't stop his barrage and kept on firing one arrow after another.

Thousands…

Tens of thousands…

Hundreds of Thousands…

Stormcaller and Soleil joined the fray and turned William's Sea of Consciousness into a stormy world of lightning and fire.  

William's domain was near collapse, but he didn't care. The end was already at hand, and he had already accepted his fate.

"N-No more, I beg you," the Astral Worm begged, this time, only its Centennial Core remained.  

William tilted his head as a mischievous smile appeared on his face.

"You like to devour souls, right?" William gripped the Centennial Core firmly in his hand and smiled. "Did you ever wonder if there would come a day when your own soul would be devoured? No? I bet you didn't think that far."

'System, switch the experience points allocation to the Shepherd Job Class.'

< Experience allocation has been successfully changed! >

The Centennial Core trembled in William's hand as it sensed a bad premonition. It immediately struggled continuously to break free from William's hold, but the Half-Elf had it in a firm grip.  

"Core Absorption."

< Core Absorption Initiated! >

"Nooooooooooooooooooooooo! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! Spare meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

The dying screams of the Astral Worm were like music to William's ears.

He watched as the Centennial Core slowly, but surely, shrink in size because William told the system to absorb it as slowly as possible. He wanted the Soul Devouring Worm to experience what its victims had felt during the last moments of their lives.  

Two minutes later, the core was absorbed completely, bringing an end to the Astral's Worm reign of terror in the world of Hestia.

< Ding! >

< Gained Exp: 950,000 >

< Congratulations! You have slayed a Centennial Beast! >

< Special Monster First Kill Bonus Exp: 500,000 >

-----

< Ding! >

< You have absorbed a Centennial Core >

< Gained Exp: 950,000 >

< The Shepherd Job Class had reached its Max Level! >

< Would you like to Advance to the next Job Class? Yes / No >

-----

"Sorry, Sir David," William sighed as he softly landed on the ground. "I guess I will not be able to see the advancement of the Shepherd Job Cla…"

William wasn't able to finish his sentence because the effect of the Jack Of All Trades had ended. His body fell backwards and laid on the ground without moving. All the strength in his body had left him, but his consciousness remained.

The Half-Elf stared at the sky that was slowly crumbling apart.  

'I guess, the end of a world would look similar to this scene,' William thought as his eyes slowly closed. 'I'm sorry, everyone. This is as far as I can go.'

It was at that moment when he vaguely felt a pair of hands wrapped around his body. Due to his current state, William was only able to open his eyes half-way.  

"Don't worry, everything will be alright," a familiar voice said softly. "You owe me one, Will."

'Snot-nosed-pansy?' William stared at Ian who was carrying him towards the underground lake. He didn't expect that when he opened his eyes, he would be looking at the real world, instead of his inner one.

Without any warning, Ian jumped into the lake, carrying William in his arms.  

His body glowed and transformed right before William's eyes.  

Not long after, William saw a girl with long hair that was as blue as the ocean. An unfamiliar, yet beautiful face appeared before him. Even so, he instinctively knew who it was. No matter what form Ian took, William believed that he would be able to identify the snot-nosed-pansy even if his mortal enemy were to turn into a mermaid.  

A pair of purple eyes stared back at him, and they were looking at him in an affectionate manner, which was completely different from the gaze that Ian always gave him.

William stared at the otherworldly beauty in front of him and recalled the warning that Belle had given him not long ago.  

While the Half-Elf was lost in thoughts, Ian's face moved closer and gave him a kiss. She transferred air into his body as she dove deeper towards the center of the lake.

After passing the Trial of Enlightenment, Ian gained the ability to temporarily unlock the seal that was placed on her by the Goddess Astrid. William had already lost consciousness at that point because his soul was nearing its limit.  

When Ian finally arrived at their destination, she used her spiritual power to temporarily maintain William's current condition. After that was done, she placed a hand over her chest and started to sing.

Ian sang an otherworldly song and the magic power within the lake swirled around her and William.  

The underground Lake that was hidden in the Magic Division was not an ordinary lake. It was the exposed part of a Ley Line that supplied magic power to the Royal Academy. Ian, in her mermaid form, had the ability to convert Magic power into Spirit power, and use it however she wanted.

When the battle in the Grand Coliseum started, she assigned her duty to Brutus and Bruno and went to find Est and Isaac.  

Luckily, she also had the ability to sense the location of her twin and headed towards the garden in haste. After Carter was defeated in William's Sea of Consciousness, his hold over the students vanished as well.

When Est and Isaac recovered their sanity, they immediately realized the terrible things that they had done. Ian arrived just in time to see the two of them enter the secret passage to the lake and hurriedly followed behind them.

After the trial in the Kyrintor Mountains, Ian was able to sense spiritual power once again. Because of this, she was able to tell that William's soul was on the verge of collapse the moment she laid her eyes on him.

Ian didn't waste any moment and immediately came to his rescue.

Dense spiritual power swirled and gathered around Ian and William. Ian continued to sing until she reached the limit of her control over her spiritual powers. A blue gem, the size of a pigeon's egg, appeared on Ian's chest and started to absorb the spiritual energy swirling around them.  

The dense spiritual energy flowed towards the gem on her chest, as if it was a small blackhole that was greedily sucking in everything around it. Soon, all the spiritual energy had been absorbed and Ian's singing stopped.

"You better take responsibility after you've recovered," Ian said with a hint of exhaustion in her voice. "I will give you the most precious treasure of the Mermaid Race."

Ian braced herself as she plucked the blue gem out from her chest. Blue blood gushed out as soon as the gem was taken out from her body, but she ignored it.  

The blue-haired beauty endured the pain and pressed the gem over William's own chest. She watched as the gem embedded itself into William's skin and merged with his body. Only after the gem disappeared from her sight, did she manage to breathe a sigh of relief.

The wound on her chest gradually healed by itself, but the luster in Ian's blue hair, purple eyes, and body dimmed as well.

What she had given William was half of her spiritual core. In essence, she had given him half of her heart. It was the only way that Ian could think of to prevent William's Spiritual World from being destroyed completely.  

"Sleep and recover," Ian whispered softly. "Quarrel with me again after you do. I will be waiting for you, Will."

Ian leaned close to kiss the unconscious Half-Elf one more time to give him some air to breathe. She then swam towards the surface, where her love rivals were anxiously waiting for the red-headed boy's return. Deep inside her heart, Ian hoped that William would treat her better when he woke up.

When she had seen William lying on the ground, dying from having his Spiritual World destroyed, she finally realized that the feelings she had for the boy were just as strong as the feelings that Est and Wendy had for him.  

Because of this, she decided to throw caution into the wind and let her true feelings burst forth. As to what the consequences of her actions would be, she didn't care. After all, she would make the Half-Elf in her embrace take full responsibility for getting into a situation where she was forced to give him her heart.


Chapter 290

The battle in the Grand Coliseum continued for another half an hour after Atos entered the portal.  

After losing their commanders, the Gargoyles decided to use suicide attacks in order to bring as many people as they could with them to the afterlife. Most of them succeeded before shattering into pieces, while others were destroyed by the strong fighters on the Human side.

King Noah and the Grand Archmage, Emrys, looked at the scene with grim expressions on their faces.  

"Fortunately, we were forewarned," King Noah muttered softly. "If James hadn't shared this information with us, many lives would have been lost today."

"Not only that, Your Majesty," Emrys commented. "All the students that the demons captured would have lived lives far worse than death."

"True." King Noah agreed. "It is impossible for the Demons to have staged an event like this on their own. Perhaps The Organization is also behind this incident."

"The chances are very high, Your Majesty," Emrys frowned. "Unfortunately, I'm afraid that this is not yet over."

"Simon did well in connecting the entire Academy to his personal domain. Although we used many resources, the results are still satisfactory."

"I'm sure that the Demons will think twice before they set their sights on the Hellan Kingdom again after this incident. They've suffered many losses in this mission of theirs."

Both men looked at the Knights, and the students of the other Divisions, that had surrounded the First, Second, and Third Year students of the Magic Division. Although Carter's Control over them had dissipated, their minds were still unstable due to the effect of the spells inside their Sea of Consciousness.

For now, they were rounded up at the center of the Grand Coliseum where everyone could keep an eye on them. Although this treatment seemed unfair, no one wanted to take chances. Especially after the backstabbing incident that happened not long ago.

-----

"How is he?" Est asked anxiously as he looked at William's face that was as pale as a candle.

"He's safe, for now," Ian replied. "His 'Spiritual World' has collapsed, but his life is no longer in danger. It's just that…"

"Just what?" Est gazed at Ian who was still in her mermaid form.  

Ian took a deep breath before she continued her explanation. "It might take him months to fully recover. However, if I stay by his side to constantly gather spiritual energy to help restructure his Sea of Consciousness I can shorten it, but that would still take a minimum of three months."

Est felt something sour inside his mouth as he looked at the Half-Elf who had almost died after fighting with Carter. To make things worse, Est also felt guilty because he played a role in luring William to the place where Carter had set a trap for him.

"Is there anything that we can do to hasten his recovery?" Est inquired. "Is there anything that I can do?"

Ian shook her head firmly. "I have already given him a dense amount of Spiritual Energy. Giving him any more at this point will cause harm to his body. I intend to help him repair his Sea of Consciousness from the inside. That is all that we can do for now."

"Can I help? Is there a way that I can help him?" Est looked at Ian with a pleading gaze.

Ian didn't have the heart to say No, so she reluctantly nodded her head, and told Est that he could come with her when they entered William's Spiritual World.

"Will?"

A voice sounded from behind Ian and Est. Wendy had regained her consciousness and looked at her lover, who was currently cradled in Ian's arms.  

"What happened to him?!" Wendy ran towards them as she held William's shoulder anxiously. "Who are you?! What did you do to him?!"

Est took a deep breath and explained the situation to Wendy. He told her everything that happened right after she was knocked unconscious by Isaac. How Carter forced William to drink an unknown serum and the battle that happened within the Half-Elf's Sea of Consciousness.

Wendy listened calmly to Est's explanation from start to end. After hearing that William was "temporarily safe" the anxiousness in her eyes lessened, but it was soon replaced by sadness.

"I'm sorry, this is all my fault." Est bowed his head in apology. "If I was only strong enough to resist the spell, all of this might have been prevented. It's all my fault."

Wendy shook her head as she looked at her Head Prefect who was stricken by guilt and grief.  

"Head Prefect, it's not your fault," Wendy replied. "I'm sure that Will also doesn't blame you for the things that happened. If there was someone to blame, it would be none other than that hateful Demon who instigated all of this!"

Wendy gnashed her teeth in anger as her eyes locked on "Carter" who was lying on the ground, unconscious. Now that the Astral Worm had left his body, all that remained was an empty, living husk.

Est followed Wendy's gaze and shook his head. Clearly, he didn't want Wendy to do anything reckless and harm the soulless body lying on the ground.

"Let the King handle this," Est stated. "Someone has to take the blame and preserving the professor's body is a must because it will serve as evidence. Also, the original owner of that body is innocent. He was just one of the many victims of that Demonic Worm that devoured people's souls."

Wendy reluctantly nodded her head as she looked at Ian. "You still haven't answered my question earlier. Who are you?"

Instead of answering Wendy, Ian undid her transformation. The blonde beauty's mouth opened wide in shock as she stared at Ian who was looking at her with a serious expression.

"Y-You're a girl!" Wendy's grip on William's shoulder tightened as she stared wide-eyed at the boy in front of her. "Why are you pretending to be a boy? Are you doing this to get close to Will? Wait…"

"I'm not pretending to be a boy," Ian replied. "I was originally a girl, but was placed under a powerful curse. This is the reason why I am currently a boy. And just so you know, I also like William."

After almost losing William to the demon, Ian felt a heart-wrenching pain inside her chest. It was then when she truly realized that the boy whom she always quarreled with had already taken a place inside her heart.

Wendy gazed straight into Ian's eyes and understood that she was dead serious.

Wendy then turned her head to look at Est who was standing beside her. "Earlier you said that I got in your way… are you also a girl?"

"Yes." Est nodded.

"Do you also like William?"

"I've liked him for years."

After getting the answer to her question, Wendy shifted her attention to Isaac. "Are you a girl as well?"

"Yes," Isaac answered.

"Are you also in love with Will?" Wendy inquired. If not for the fact that the poor Half-Elf was already in a "Half-Dead" state, Wendy would have definitely smacked his head to vent out the frustrations that were welling up inside her heart and called him 'Womanizer'.  

"Me?" Isaac pointed at himself with a surprised expression. "No. I'm not in love with William. We're only friends."

"Okay, good." Wendy patted her chest in relief. "That's one less problem to deal with."

She then looked at her pale-faced boyfriend, before reaching out to take him away from Ian's embrace.

The blonde beauty took a deep breath, before glancing at Est and Ian who was looking back at her with complicated gazes.  

"Let's talk about this messed up relationship later," Wendy proposed. "Let's have the clerics take a look at William first. After that, the three of us need to have a proper talk about how we will proceed from here."

Est and Ian nodded their heads. Since Wendy now knew their secret, there was no reason for the two of them to hide their feelings for William any longer.  

-----

Oliver watched this scene from the shadows and sighed. He arrived just in time to witness the three girls that liked William make their feelings known to each other.  

Fortunately, the Half-Dead-Half-Elf was still unconscious, and was spared from the messy relationship that he had unknowingly created.

Oliver subtly entered William's shadow in order to protect him from any further threats that might arise out of nowhere. His mistress, Celine, would have also come to the academy, if not for the letter from The Organization that mysteriously appeared at her doorstep.

The letter explicitly told her not to interfere with The Organization, and in return, they would not target her one and only Disciple. The leader of The Organization had personally placed his seal on the letter, which forced Celine to stay in Lont.

However, the letter didn't tell her not to send anyone to look after the boy, so she immediately sent Oliver to ensure William's safety.  

The Organization had its members scattered across every part of the continent. If they were to set their eyes on targeting William, the Half-Elf would definitely not be able to resist their assault. Because of this, Celine decided to compromise and not interfere with The Organization's attack at the academy in order to spare her Disciple from having additional enemies who specialized in schemes and deceit.


Chapter 291

When Wendy and the others exited the garden of the Magic Division, an anxious Spencer suddenly appeared out of nowhere and rushed towards his twin sister. He had searched the entire Division looking for Wendy, but he couldn't find her.

Fortunately, when he was about to head to the other Divisions, he saw them exit the garden and immediately ran in their direction.  

"What happened to the Knight Commander?" Spencer asked with a serious expression. "Are you okay, Wendy? Are you hurt anywhere?"

"I'm fine, Big Brother," Wendy replied. "Are the Demons still around?"

This was the most pressing concern for them at the moment because William was currently unconscious and unable to protect himself if the Demons decided to rampage inside the academy.

"I don't know." Spencer shook his head. "I left the Grand Coliseum to look for you, right after the Demons appeared."

Wendy felt touched because her twin brother prioritized her safety and rushed towards the Magic Division to look for her. However, when Spencer volunteered to carry William, she firmly rejected his offer. Instead, she urged her brother to check the current situation, while they headed towards the Lunaris Dormitory.

Spencer agreed to his sister's proposal and returned to the Grand Coliseum. Since Est and the others were with her, and his Knight Commander was currently out of commission, the overprotective Siscon deemed that his sister was currently safe and left with peace of mind.  

The Lunaris Dormitory was the dormitory of the First Years in the Magic Division. Est proposed to take William to his room to rest, while they waited for the battle against the Demons to settle down.

They were confident that the Knights, Instructors, and the students would be able to drive the demons away. This was why they decided to prioritize William's safety instead of going to the Grand Coliseum.  

-----

A man wearing a black robe snuck inside the treasure house of the Royal Academy. He and his men used the Demon invasion as a distraction to infiltrate the place where ancient artifacts and treasures were stored within the academy.

The Black-Robed Man was one of the members of The Organization that helped the Demon Race set a warp portal in the Grand Coliseum. If the Astral Worm was there, it would recognize the man as the same person that had given it "Carter" to be used as a vessel in order to enter the academy and carry out its mission.  

Due to the sudden turn of events, the defenders of the treasury were forced to split their forces and reinforce the defenders at the Coliseum. Those that remained behind were easily dealt with by the members of the organization who specialized in fighting.

"Sir, all the guards had been eliminated," a man wearing a black mask reported.

"Good," the Black-Robed Man replied. "Guard all entrances and make sure that no one disturbs me."

"Yes, Sir!" The man wearing the black mask nodded his head and stood at the entrance to prevent anyone from interfering with his superior's mission.

After walking for a few minutes, the Black-Robed-Man stopped in front of a huge black door that was covered in many ancient runes.  

It was the entrance that led to the treasure house. Only the Dean of the Academy had the key to open it. Fortunately, they managed to steal the key a day ago, while the Dean was having a meeting outside the academy.  

They left a perfect replica behind in order to prevent Simon, the Dean of the Academy, from finding anything suspicious.

The Black-Robed-Man took out a small silver orb from his storage ring and raised it above his head.  

"Let the glory of the Hellan Academy forever burn brightly!" the man shouted and the silver orb in his hand glowed.

The door of the treasury slowly opened, revealing mountains of gold coins, jewels, weapons, armors, and other artifacts that had been stored in the academy for many years.  

The lips of the Black-Robed Man curled up into a grin as he stared at the priceless treasures that were inside the treasure vault.

His leader ordered him to ransack the Academy's treasury in order to increase their organization's funding. They had used many resources and manpower to instigate the war between the Kingdoms and Dynasties, and also support the Demon Race's invasion.  

Their coffers had decreased by half and they needed some immediate sources of income to keep their operation going smoothly.

The Black-Robed man was about to enter the treasure vault when a hand patted his shoulder from behind.

"Good Job," a voice filled with happiness sounded from behind the robed man. "I'll take it from here. You can rest in peace."

Before the Black-Robed-Man could even react, the same hand that had patted his shoulder grabbed his head and gave it a twist. The sound of bones breaking reverberated within the quiet treasure vault.

James tossed the dead body aside and entered the treasure vault with a devilish smile on his face.

"Time to loot this place," James chuckled as he activated the storage ring in his hand.  

Like a black hole, all the treasures within the vault were sucked towards James' ring until nothing was left.  

The "Old Bandit of Lont" whistled in satisfaction as he swaggered out of the treasury. If King Noah, Emrys, and Simon were there to witness James' act of banditry, all of them would definitely summon their weapons and fight the old coot to the bitter end.

Although James cared for the Hellan Kingdom, he cared more about his family and the subordinates that were under his command. He didn't expect much from the King, and he certainly didn't expect him to confer upon him additional rewards for the information he had given him.

For him, The Organization was just a convenient scapegoat. He could put the blame on The Organization for everything.  

'I can just tell them that I arrived late,' James thought as he smiled evilly.

Suddenly, Ezio appeared before him holding a short sword stained with blood.  

"Everyone has been eliminated, Sir," Ezio reported. "The battle in the Grand Coliseum is also nearing its end."

"Perfect timing. I'll go check on Matthew and Leah, you go and find William. Knowing that boy, he'd probably be at the center of this mess."

"Yes, Sir."

Ezio disappeared into a black mist and flew in the direction of the Magic Division. James watched him go before turning his head to look at this right side.  

"How long are you planning to hide?" James asked. "Are you going to report me to His Majesty?" he finished sarcastically.

James' rival, the Sword Saint of the Hellan Kingdom, Aramis Bran Caliburn, materialized out of thin air and stared at him with disdain.

"I've always known that keeping you around was a mistake," Aramis said as he snorted. "You even used the Demons and that secret organization to fill up your pockets with gold coins. How devious of you."

"Why, thank you," James replied. "So, what are you going to do? Are you going to fight, or are you going to fight?"

Aramis didn't bother to reply, and instead, unsheathed his sword from his scabbard before taking a fighting stance. James, on the other hand, summoned his giant axe and rested it on his shoulder. Both fighters released their aura and were about to clash against each other when they heard the tolling of a bell.

Soon, more ringing sounds resounded all over the capital and the two men's expressions suddenly became serious.

------

Back in the Grand Coliseum…

None of the students had died during the demon invasion because The King, the Grand Archmage, and the Dean of the Academy had made preparations beforehand and linked the Grand Coliseum to Simon's Domain.  

The students that had been killed had been automatically transported to a safe location where they would be attended to by the Clerics of the Kingdom.

However before they could even celebrate their victory, the Grand Bell of Gladiolus started to ring.

King Noah, Emrys, and Simon, looked towards the East with grim expressions. The Bell of Gladiolus had been rung and it only meant one thing, and one thing only.

"The war has started," Noah said in a voice laced with barely restrained anger. He had long heard that an unknown Organization was moving behind the scenes and fanning the flames of war from the shadows.

However, he never expected them to act this decisively and use every means at their disposal to make things difficult for the Hellan Kingdom. King Noah clenched his fist so hard that the ground beneath his feet crumbled as the aura in his body burst forth.

"To arms!" King Noah shouted. His voice boomed within the Grand Coliseum as he called out to the Warriors of his Kingdom. "Rally to me! Duty calls and the enemy awaits!"


Chapter 292

"Are you sure the two of you want to do this?" Ian asked. "You might not like what you see."

"I'm ready," Wendy said firmly.

Est didn't say anything and just nodded his head.  

The three were planning to enter William's Sea of Consciousness using Ian as the medium. They wanted to know if there was anything else that they could do in order to help the boy regain consciousness.

Wendy lay on William's right and hugged his body, While Est lay on his left, holding his hand. Ian transformed into her spirit form and lay at the edge of the bed, cradling William's head.  

"Synchronization," Ian softly muttered and her spirit power enveloped all four of them in a blue bubble.

----

"T-This is Willliam's Spiritual World?" Wendy covered her mouth with a hand as she looked at the unbelievable scene in front of her.

Ian had said beforehand that a person's Sea of Consciousness reflected the inner thoughts of each person.  

Wendy's breathing grew ragged as a pang of pain spread inside her chest.  

She gazed at the broken sky that was similar to a cracked egg shell. Huge portions of the sky had fallen into the sea like pieces of debris from a collapsed building. The sea under their feet was gray, which also reflected that the gray world was on the brink of complete and utter destruction.  

Wendy's eyes suddenly found something red amidst the grayness of the world. She immediately ran in that direction with tears streaming down her face as she cried out the name of her beloved.

"Will!"

The image of the cheerful Half-Elf that hugged her every night, kissed her every night, and made her feel safe and secure, flashed inside her mind as she neared the fallen boy that was surrounded by the "debris" that had fallen from the heavens.

A pained and sad wail reverberated inside that dying world as Wendy held William's soul in a tight embrace.

Est looked at William from afar and cried. She covered her lips with her delicate hand as her body trembled in pain and suffering.  

Ian, who stood beside her, wrapped her arms around Est and pulled her close.

"It's fine," Ian said softly. "It will take time, but he will definitely recover. I will do my best to make him recover."

Est hugged Ian tighter as her tears fell down like rain. She blamed herself for what happened to William.  

"If only I was stronger, this wouldn't have happened," Est said between sobs. "It's all my fault!"

"No," Ian assured her. "It's the fault of the Demons. If not for their vile actions, none of this would have happened. You, Wendy, and William are just victims of their evil schemes. Don't worry, as long as the three of us work together, we will be able to restore him to his peak condition."

Ian said these words, not only to reassure Est, but to reassure herself as well. She knew that it would take a few months for William to recover. But, she needed to be strong in order to prevent the two girls, who also liked William, from blaming themselves for what had happened to him.

She hoped, with every fiber of her being, that the boy would soon open his eyes and tell them that he was fine.

------

Twenty miles off the shore of the Southern Continent, several ships had anchored themselves.  

They were the Cruisers from the Silvermoon Continent and they were waiting for the right time to invade the Southern Continent.

Soon the sounds of bugle horns broke the peace as several Warships appeared ten miles away from their formation.  

Elandorr, the nineteen-year old prodigy of the elves, peered through his telescope to identify the newcomers. It didn't take long for him to recognize the flags of the Human Warships that belonged to the Kraetor Empire. Elandorr had already been told that there might be other forces that were planning to invade the Southern Continent aside from them, but he wasn't too worried.

There were four Elven Archmages that had accompanied them on this mission, and they were more than enough to deal with any situation in the open seas. Also, his grandfather told him that, if possible, he shouldn't pick a fight with the Humans until they arrived at their destination.

"Put the fleet on high alert, but do not engage the Humans without my order," Elandorr ordered.

"Yes, Young Master!" his subordinate replied and immediately issued Elandorr's orders.

Elandorr stared at the Human Fleet and sneered. His Clan was one of the factions within the Silvermoon Continent that detested Humans. This was also why he was chosen among the other Eleven Prodigies to be the Grand Commander of this mission to invade the Southern Continent.

The Ancient Elven Families had long wanted to prove to the world that they were the superior race, and all other races should bow before them. If not for the fact that it took many years for the World Tree to fully recover, they might have launched an invasion long ago.

It could even be said that this mission to conquer the Southern Continent was only their first step towards World Domination.  

Elandorr believed that after this mission ended, he would be one step ahead of his peers in being able to court the Elven Princess who had accompanied them to this mission. Although the King of the Elves had taken a backseat when it came to politics, and allowed the Elven Council to take over, it didn't change the fact that all the Elves still showed him their utmost respect and reverence.

Just as the Elves were observing them, a handsome young man in his late teens looked back at the Elven Formation in the distance.  

He had a smile on his face as he casually waved for his men to stand down. Just like Elandorr, the young man was in his late teens and was hailed as one of the strongest warriors among the young generation in the Kraetor Empire.  

His name was Jason, the fifth prince of the Kraetor Empire. His mission was to stake their claim in the Southern Continent and make his cousin sit on the throne as an Empress.  

For the young teen, this mission was a walk in the park because there were very few forces in the world who would dare get in their way. He was not afraid of dealing with the long-eared Elves, whom they treated as slaves in the Central Continent.  

He was even looking forward to their future clash with the Elven Race so that he could bring back some beauties to warm his bed.

Jason was not only strong, but very intelligent as well. He knew that this was not the time to fight with the Elves because they needed all of their manpower to conquer one of the four Kingdoms that held the axis of power in the Southern Continent.  

Until then, he would leave them alone and settle their differences after they had landed on foreign soil.  

Both young commanders were belittling each other's races inside their minds. Even so, they still tolerated each other as they waited for the moment when the skies of the Southern Lands would change their color.

That was the sign that the time was ripe to charge forward and stake their claim among the rich and fertile lands of the South. It was also the prelude, for an all out war that would reshape the balance of power between all the warring factions that were vying for supremacy.


Chapter 293

"Will, time to wake up. How long do you plan to sleep?" an adorable voice asked. "If you don't wake up soon, I'm going to give you a kiss."

William's eyes slowly opened when he heard the familiar voice that whispered in his ears. The adorable face of the Loli Goddess appeared in his vision with her lips puckered outward to give him a smooch.

William hurriedly raised his hand to block her lips, but was surprised by what he saw.

Instead of his hand, the one that blocked Lily's lips was a furry, padded, hand that made the Loli Goddess giggle.  

"Awwww, William is so shy," Lily chuckled as she raised William high in the air and spun him around. "I should have done this sooner. You look cuter this way!"

"Lily? Why are you here?" William asked via telepathy. "Where am I? Better yet, what am I?"

It didn't take long for William to realize that there was something very strange about his body because it felt "weird". It was as if he wasn't fully accustomed to his body and was having trouble moving its parts.

"Alright, calm down, Little Will," Lily happily poked William's nose with a big grin on her face. "I know that you are currently confused, but my explanation will have to wait until we arrive at our destination."

Lily happily carried William out of her residence to meet with Issei and David. Gavin was currently resting in his hut on the outskirts of the Temple in order to recover. The Forceful God Descent he made to save William had rendered him paralyzed and it would take him a long period of time to fully recover.

"We're here!" Lily announced as she arrived at the picnic area of the temple where several other Gods were lazing around.  

Issei and David were already seated beside a picnic table and waved at the approaching Loli Goddess.  

"How did it go?" Issei inquired.

"It went perfectly well!" Lily replied with a victory pose.  

David played with his beard as he stared at the Pink Teddy Bear in Lily's hands. Since Lily had declared that her attempt was successful then the consciousness residing within the stuffed toy was none other than William.

Lily casually placed the Teddy Bear on top of the table with a big smile on her face. "Tadah! I present to you, Little Will version 1.1!"

Issei and David humored Lily by clapping their hands to praise her.

William who was still in a confused state tilted his head as he waited for an explanation.

"Um, can someone tell me what's going on?" William asked. "Did I crossover? Am I dead?"

Lily giggled and poked the Teddy Bear's nose and started her explanation. "Technically, you are now a Half-Dead-Half-Elf. The only thing that is keeping you from crossing over is the newly implanted Spirit Core inside your body. If not for that, you'd be entering the Cycle of Reincarnation right at this moment."

William tried to recall what happened before he lost consciousness and remembered a pair of purple eyes that looked at him in an affectionate manner. He knew to whom those pairs of eyes belonged to and a complicated feeling rose in his heart.

'Looks like I owe her one,' William thought as he sighed internally.

"You have been sleeping for three days and, during that time, your body, and spirit have been taken care of by three beauties," Issei commented on the side. "You should properly thank them when you recover."

"T-Three days? I've been sleeping for three days?!" William gasped in shock. "What happened while I was unconscious? Are the others safe?! What about Wendy?"

"Calm down," David replied. "All of them are safe. At least for now."  

"For now?"

"Yes. For now."

William wanted to know more, but David didn't say anything else. Lily and Issei also didn't say anything to follow up which made William feel anxious.  

"Look. Before you worry about others, why don't you worry about yourself first?" Lily said as she patted her forehead. "Do you know how serious the damage to your soul is? It's a miracle that I was still able to drag your consciousness out of your body."

William quieted down after hearing Lily's words. If his soul remained inside his body, and only his consciousness was dragged out, it just showed how dire his current situation was.

"Mah, there's no use worrying about things outside of your control," Issei said as he patted the Teddy Bear's shoulder. "What you need to think about is what you're going to do from here. Clearly, you can't return to your body in your current state. Even if you were to return, nothing would change. You will just remain in a vegetable state for a month or two."

William closed his eyes and did his best to calm down. Issei was right. Even though he wanted to return to his body, the damage to his Sea of Consciousness remained. After calming down, he once again opened his eyes and faced the three Gods who supported him from the Heavens.

"What should I do now?" William inquired. "Is there a way for my body to recover? Can any of you help me?"

The Three Gods exchanged a glance and looked back at him with serious expressions on their faces.  

"The damage in your Sea of Consciousness will recover in time, but it will take at least a few months for it to fully recover," Issei answered with confidence. "Right now, Ian and the others are doing their best to speed up the process, but you can't rush something like this. Souls are very delicate things. It takes a great amount of spiritual energy to damage them, and requires the same amount to restore them."

David cleared his throat as he looked at the depressed Teddy Bear in front of him. "However, that doesn't necessarily mean that you can't awaken from your current state. Of course you can. In fact, you can even fight, but you can only do that for a very short period of time.  

"If you exceed your limit, your already crumbling soul will collapse completely. When that happens, it will take at least a thousand years for your soul to recover and enter the Cycle of Reincarnation."

William sighed in relief when he heard that there was still hope for him to awaken in the real world. Although the part about his soul collapsing completely scared him, he was more worried about staying in a vegetable state for months.  

"Mah, let's not talk about these things first," Lily interjected. "Let's talk about the important ones. William, it's about time that you learned how to use the Divinities that we gave you. Don't tell me that you only thought of my Lollipop as an ordinary snack to lure cute little girls to follow you around. Although I don't mind if you do that, people around you will definitely treat you as scum."

"Eh? Your lollipop isn't just a snack?" William scratched his head. "I thought it was just a candy that dispelled other status effects. It can do more than that?"

"Of course it can," Lily said in an arrogant manner. "At most, you are only using 10% of its full power."

"And you're using mine at 25%," Issei commented.  

"You're also not fully utilizing the power of the Shepherd Job Class," David joined his friends in nagging at William. "You're missing out on a lot of things!"

The Three Gods stared at William with mischievous smiles on their faces.

"Don't be in a hurry to return, Little Will," Lily said with a big grin on her face. "You will be undergoing Divinity Training so that you don't waste the precious gifts that we gave you.  

"I still can't stomach the fact that a 'Worm' almost benefitted from the blessings that we gave you. If that really happened, I would have descended into your world and ripped that worm to pieces!"

After Lily's outburst, the three Gods dragged William to the outskirts of the Temple to start his Divinity Training. Issei, and David, shared the same opinion as the Loli Goddess. If William had known how to utilize the Divine Powers that they had given him, even in his weakened state, the Astral Worm wouldn't have been able to beat him so easily.  


Chapter 294

"... Just, what are they doing?"

"They're playing rocks, scissors, and papers to see who will be teaching you first."

"How about you, Sir David?" William inquired. "Aren't you going to join them?"

David played with his beard and smiled. "I decided to be the last one to mentor you. That way, I don't have to worry about time constraints to make you understand… the true power of the Shepherd Class."

William looked at the smiling God beside him and nodded his head. In truth, he wanted to know more about his Main Job Class. Unlike Dark Magic where he had a teacher to teach him the ropes, The Shepherd Job Class was a mystery to him.

He had played many RPG games back on Earth, but none of those games had the Shepherd Job Class. In regards to the taming system, he doesn't really understand how it worked. More often than not, he had to use contracts in the name of the "God of Contracts" as a medium in order to temporarily add Spire and Psoglav to his herd.

As for Fenrir and the other trollhounds, they had sworn their allegiance towards William and automatically became part of his herd, without being tamed.

In short, the Shepherd Job Class didn't have a Tame Skill that William could use to tame Herd Type Beasts. He just assumed that he could tame them because The System classified the monsters around him by whether they could be tamed or not.

He was hoping that with David's mentorship, he would be able to understand what the Shepherd Job Class was truly capable of doing.  

A loud shout broke William out from his daze as Issei raised his fist triumphantly. Lily, on the other hand, hatefully stomped her feet on the ground and gave William a pout. She looked so cute and adorable that most boys would unite and start a crusade against Issei if they were to see Lily's current state.

"Let's go William," Issei said as he picked up the Teddy Bear with a grin. "It's time for you to understand the power of the Divinity that I gave you many years ago."

Before William could even say goodbye to Lily and David, the world distorted and both he and Issei disappeared without a trace.

Lily clicked her tongue as stomped her foot in irritation, "Tsk! This was a good opportunity to turn William into a lolicon. Unfortunately, Issei still got him first in the end. So annoying!"

"You shouldn't say your thoughts out loud, you know?" David commented. "Especially when the other Gods are around."

"Hah~ what do you understand, old man?" Lily sighed. "You're old fashioned. You don't even know what 'Moe' means."

David pretended not to hear Lily's words and decided to visit Gavin in his hut. He was worried about the backlash that his friend received after he had done his best to keep William's soul from shattering.

Seeing that David was not interested in hearing her whining, Lily returned to the temple to wait for the next batch of candidates to arrive. Unlike Issei, who had already reached his maximum number of followers, Lily still had a long way to go.  

Fortunately for her, there was not a lack of people who would happily sign her contract after seeing the bright smile on her adorable face.  

-----

"William, listen well because what I am about to tell you is important," Issei said as he sat in front of William.  

The two of them were inside his palace, where most of Issei's women resided. They were currently taking turns to hug the cute Teddy Bear to their voluptuous chests, not caring that blood was already seeping out of the Teddy Bear's nose.

"Girls, do you mind?" Issei grabbed William from his lovers and prevented them from having their way with him. "We boys are having an important talk. Aside from Abby and Gabby, all of you disperse!"

"Darling, you're so mean!"

"Hmp! Let's see if you're going to get any sleep tonight!"

"You better make us feel good later or else we will make you regret it!"

Several other complaints were made by Issei's lovers, but they all followed his order and left the room.  

William stared at the two beautiful twins that stood on Issei's left and right sides. They seemed to be in their early twenties, and had petite bodies. Even so, that didn't change the fact that the two girls were definitely above average.

Issei cleared his throat and started his explanation about the uses of the Divinity he left inside William.

"Right now, you are only able to use 25% of the power of the 'Chess Piece' that I gave you," Issei stated in a serious tone.  

"This has nothing to do with affinity, talent, or race. You simply don't have the qualifications to use its full power because you are still too young. Only when you come of age will the final seal on my Divinity break and allow you to use its power to its maximum potential."

Issei stood up from his seat and made a gesture. Abby, the one seated on Issei's left, glowed and transformed herself into a sword. The Harem God firmly gripped the sword's handle and gave it a few swings.  

With each slash of his sword, several air blades materialized out of thin air and shot in the direction Issei aimed at. Issei made another gesture and Gabby, who was watching her lover's performance, smiled before transforming into a round shield.

The shield flew towards Issei and the latter caught it with his left hand.

"The power of my Divinity, is the power of bonds," Issei said in a voice laced with tenderness and affection. "The more intimate you are with your lover, the more powerful the connection will be. This will allow you to use powerful abilities that are exclusive to them."

The two girls transformed back to their natural bodies and hugged Issei. The Harem God held their waists firmly and gave both of them a kiss on the cheeks, before facing William.

"I'm not telling you to use your girlfriends as weapons, or pieces of armor. I'm just letting you know that anything is possible, as long as the bonds you have with them remain strong. Also, I have a feeling that if my Divinity and Gavin's Divinity worked together, you might be able to temporarily pass your Job Classes to your lovers for a short period of time.

"Of course, this is not yet confirmed. You need to experiment with this after you return to your world."

William's ears perked up when Issei mentioned that transferring his Job Classes to his lovers might be possible. He imagined Wendy using the power of the Monk Job Class to beat up her twin brother, Spencer, and it improved his mood greatly.

Seeing that William's mood had become better, Issei decided to show him what was currently happening inside his Sea of Consciousness.

William looked at his pale-faced spirit body, that was currently being hugged by three girls.  

Wendy hugged his body from his right side, A beautiful mermaid with blue hair hugged him from the back, and a girl with silver-colored hair hugged him from the left. The three girls had their eyes closed as they channeled their spiritual energy around them.  

The energy was slowly being absorbed by the blue gem embedded in William's chest. William's gaze softened as he looked at the three girls who were doing their best to help him recover faster.

"William, you are loved," Issei commented. "I'm sure that you already know what to do, so I will not interfere with your affairs. However, allow me to give you some advice. Women like it when the man they love tells them that he loves them.  

"Don't just show, and make them feel, that you love them. Use words as well. Communication is the most effective way to keep a relationship healthy, do you understand?"

"Yes," William replied as he nodded his head. "Thank you. I will keep that in mind."

"Good. Since this is a special occasion, allow me to help you a bit. Remember, words are important," Issei reminded William as he placed his hand over his head. "I will let you talk to them for a period of time, so make sure to let them know that you are safe."

Something warm spread throughout William's body as he felt himself being pulled back by a strong force.  

Issei and his two lovers glanced at each other before leaving the room. They would give the young boy some privacy and let him settle his affairs with his "girlfriends" before his training officially started.

------

Wendy, Est, and Ian had just finished channeling their spiritual energy to William, when they felt a gentle breeze brush against them.

Soon, they heard a voice calling out to them. A voice that they had been wanting to hear since he lost consciousness.

"Thank you for watching over me." William's voice reverberated within his Sea of Consciousness which made the eyes of the three girls widen in surprise.

"I don't have much time, so, please, allow me to talk without being interrupted. First off, I would like to apologize to the three of you. I could have prevented Carter from hurting all of you, but I decided to watch him from the side and allow his filthy spell to corrupt your consciousness.

"Est, I'm sorry. I could have dispelled the spell long ago and prevented you from suffering. Words cannot describe how much I hated myself for not killing Carter at an earlier time. Knowing you, I'm guessing that you might be riddled with guilt right now.  

"I'm sorry for making you suffer. I'm sorry for making you feel guilty, and most of all, I'm sorry for not being there to apologize in person."

William then explained everything from the beginning. How he discovered that Wendy was under the effects of a suggestion spell that was slowly invading her Sea of Consciousness and the hesitation he felt in dispelling the spell in its earlier stages.

He explained how Carter tried to use the spell to have his way with Wendy, which forced Wiliam to take the matter in his own hands and purify the curse within her body.


Chapter 295

"Sorry, Wendy," William's voice, that was riddled with shame, and guilt, permeated within his Spiritual World. "I used you as bait in order to get close to Carter. I placed you in the way of great harm and he almost succeeded in forcing you to do things that you would have never done in your sober state.

"I don't know if you hate me right now, but know this, I will accept any punishment that you will give me once I recover. I'm sorry if you feel disillusioned with me. If you want to put an end to our relationship then I will accept it. I am the one at fault and I don't deserve someone like you in my life."

Wendy clenched her fist and lightly pounded William's chest. She had forgotten that the Half-Elf had told them not to interrupt his words. The feelings in her heart had burst out, which caught the two girls beside her by surprise.  

"If you want to apologize then open your eyes and apologize to me face to face!" Wendy growled in frustration. I'll make sure to punch you without holding back until I have vented out  all of my frustration!"

"... Are you trying to kill me?" William's voice laced with helplessness whimpered. "I'm only barely hanging on to life. One full-powered punch from you would immediately send me to the Cycle of Reincarnation."

Wendy stopped her punches. "Okay, I'll wait for you to recover then punch you. Why didn't you tell me this earlier? Is this why you were feeling anxious? Is this why you were feeling guilty? You've been bottling all of these feelings inside you for a very long time and fighting this battle alone. Why? Don't you have any faith in me?"

"I'm sorry," William apologized. "I promise I won't do it again. Just, don't leave me, Wendy."

Wendy buried her head on William's chest and cried. She had seen William's anxiousness throughout the entirety of the past week before the incident happened. She had seen the guilt on his face and the worries in his brows each time he looked at her.

William's consciousness was hovering above them, and saw his girlfriend's pained expression. If he could only move his hands, he would have definitely wrapped them around her body and whispered words of apology in her ears.

He then shifted his attention to the blue-haired mermaid who was hugging him from behind. His head was cradled on her chest. He watched as the gems embedded in his and Ian's bodies glowed in unison like the beating of a heart.  

"Ian, thank you," William said. "If you didn't give me half of your heart then I would have surely died. I heard your words and I promise you that I will fulfill it. I will take responsibility, but, can you please, give me some time? I don't want to do things half-heartedly. I want to do it right.

"I know that this might be sudden, but I would like to know more about you. Let's talk about these things slowly. Also, is this why you always quarreled with me? They say that Love is just a thin line away from Hate. Aiyah~ I guess even mermaids can't resist my charms. Being handsome is a sin."

Ian shook her head helplessly because she knew that William was only trying to lighten up the depressing atmosphere. Even so, deep inside, she was happy. She could tell that William was serious when he said that he would take responsibility, and it made her feel that her sacrifice was worth it.

A smile appeared on Ian's face as she patted William's head,  

"I would like to know more about you, too," Ian whispered in William's ears. "Don't argue with me all the time."

"It was you who always argued with me first…," William grumbled.  

"What did you say?"

"Sorry, I was the one at fault. I will do my best not to argue with you again."

"That's better." Ian nodded and closed her eyes. She was feeling a little exhausted because she was the one that was handling the bulk of the spirit transfer to William's body.

William then shifted his attention to the girl with silver-colored hair.

"Est, you're very beautiful," William said. "Your silver hair, and especially your eyes. I've never seen someone with eyes as red as yours."

Est snorted and closed the eyes that William had praised a few seconds ago. However, her hands that were embracing the boy's body remained firm. It was as if she was afraid that William's body would fly away if she loosened her grip even a little.

"I know that this might sound like a stupid question, but, I have to know. Are you really a girl?" William asked with genuine curiosity.

"I was a girl," Est answered. "But, I am currently under a powerful curse and have to remain a boy for life. I don't know how Ian managed to 'temporarily' unseal the curse placed on her body, but I can only have this appearance inside your Sea of Consciousness."

"Who was it that placed a curse on you? Do you know?" William's voice contained a hint of anger, which made Est feel like a little kitten was scratching her heart.  

"I was cursed by a Goddess."

"Her name?"

"Lady Astrid."

"Understood. I will talk to her while I'm here."

"Huh?" Est opened her eyes abruptly and gazed at the pale-faced boy. "What do you mean you'll talk to Lady Astrid? Where are you right now?"

A chuckle escaped William's lips, but he knew better than to say that he was currently at the temple where the Gods resided.  

"Est, do you believe me?"

"No."

"Eh? Why not?" William inquired. "You dare not believe this amazing Half-Elf? This handsome Half-Elf that could make all the girls in the academy swoon with a single wink?"

Est scoffed and flicked the unconscious Spirit Body's head in annoyance. "Why should I believe in a womanizer? You already have Wendy, and Ian, now you want to have me, too? I'm not that cheap."

William smiled at the stubborn girl that was clinging to his body.  

"I have an idea, why don't the two of us make a bet?"

"You and your stupid bets. I don't like to make bets with a womanizer."

"Don't be like that, listen to me first," William said in a voice that was similar to an adult coaxing a child. "How about both of us make a promise instead?"

"Go on, I'm listening," Est replied in a guarded tone.

"I will find a way to fully undo the curse on your, Ian's, and Isaac's bodies. After you turn back into a girl then you become my girlfriend."

"And if you are unable to undo the curse?"

William paused for a brief moment before answering. "If I fail to undo the curse then you can make me your boyfriend. It's a win-win situation, don't you think?"

"I have a better idea." A mischievous smile appeared on Est's face as she said her proposal. "How about I ask Lady Astrid to turn you into a girl instead? That way, I can marry you. It's a win-win situation for both of us. What do you think?"

"No! I will not allow William to be turned into a girl!" Wendy commented from the side. "He is going to marry me!"

"My Lady, I don't think this proposal is good," Ian interjected.

"Ian, you are still under the curse," Est reminded her retainer. "At most, you can only stay in that form for three hours. The rest of the time, you will be a boy. If William turned into a girl then there would be no problem. We could just have him give birth to both our babies. It's a win-win situation for the both of us."

Ian's heart wavered when she heard Est's words. It was true that she couldn't stay in her mermaid form for a long time. If she sided with Est, she would still be able to be intimate with William. Also, the thought of having the Half-Elf give birth to her babies sounded very tempting.

"No!" Wendy rejected the idea with everything she had. "I will not agree to this! I'm the First Wife. I will not allow William to be turned into a girl!"

"Tsk."

"Tsk."

Est and Ian clicked their tongues, while William watched the three of them with a complicated expression.  

Naturally, he didn't want to turn into a girl, and he didn't want to give Est empty promises as well. For the time being, he decided to put the matter on hold until he had a proper talk with the Goddess Astrid.  

In order to change the topic, William decided to inquire about what had happened after the incident. The Gods didn't tell him anything, so he was curious about the aftermath of Carter's failed attempt to take over his body.

The expressions on the faces of the three girls immediately became serious. They had completely forgotten about the affairs of the Kingdom after they heard William's voice inside his Sea of Consciousness.  

"William, the war has started," Est said with a sad expression. "And it doesn't look good. We are currently being pushed back by the combined forces of the Two Dynasties. I'm afraid that it won't take long before their forces break through to our Second Line of Defense.  

"Currently, the Sword Saint and the Archmages are holding them back. Even so, I'm afraid that it will only take a week or two before Windsor Fortress falls."

Est then narrated the series of events that followed the Demon Invasion in the academy. He now understood why David said that Wendy and the others were safe "for now". On that day, William realized how dire the Hellan Kingdom's current situation really was.  


Chapter 296

"General, they are about to break through!" an officer reported in a panicked voice.

"Just focus on the flying ants first," Gareth Brent, the Great General of the Hellan Kingdom, ordered. Although everyone around him was panicking, he alone had a calm expression on his face.  

Such was the willpower of the man who stood at the top of the military forces of the Hellan Kingdom. His eyes glanced at the gate that was on the verge of collapse, before shifting his attention to the three-meter long ants that numbered in the thousands.

Several ants had crawled over the fortress walls, causing the defenders to engage them in a life and death battle.

"Archers and Magicians, eliminate the flying insects," Gareth said in a tone that snapped everyone from their panicked daze. "It doesn't matter if they break through the gates."

Gareth unsheathed the sword in his scabbard and raised it high. "For the Glory of the Hellan Kingdom! Kill!"

""Kill!""

The melee fighters, redoubled their efforts as they slayed the ants that were climbing their fortress walls. The archers and magicians no longer hesitated and rained their attacks on the flying ants that were attacking them from the skies.

Five minutes later, a loud explosion reverberated amidst the shouts and cries in the battlefield. The soldiers from the Anaesha Dynasty came storming inside the fortress. The first wave of invaders hadn't even taken twenty steps inside the fortress before all of their heads were separated from their bodies.

Fountains of blood erupted as the beheaded corpses fell down on the ground, painting their surroundings red with their blood.

A man, wearing a black robe, stood at the main entrance of the fortress, holding a silver sword in his hand.  

"Welcome to Windsor Fortress," Aramis Bran Caliburn, the Sword Saint of the Hellan Kingdom, said with a smile. "Please, enjoy your stay, because this is the place where you are going to be buried."

Aramis casually waved his sword and the bodies of hundreds of soldiers were split in two. Those who managed to survive the attack screamed in terror as they ran back out of the fortress.  

Unfortunately for them, Aramis had no intention of letting them go. He let out another sword strike to end the lives of the fleeting men, however, a powerful blow stopped his attack from reaching his targets.

"Don't you have any shame, Aramis?" A gray-haired man materialized out of thin air and stood facing the Sword Saint of the Hellan Kingdom. "You've broken the unwritten rule. Saints aren't supposed to cut down those below the Mithril Ranks during times of war. Aren't you afraid of the consequences of your actions?"

Aramis chuckled as if what the man told him was a funny joke. He then pointed his sword at the gray-haired man and sneered.

"Consequences? Unwritten rules? Don't make me laugh, Emeric," Aramis said in disdain. "Two Dynasties attacking a single Kingdom, without even a declaration of war, and you tell me about rules?"

Emeric grinned and unsheathed his sword, "You're right. There's no point in talking about rules at this point in time."

Suddenly, the two Sword Saints vanished from where they stood. A resounding clash that sent shockwaves across the battlefield made the invaders, and defenders alike brace themselves from the impact.  

"Aren't you afraid that you'd be killing your own men if we fight inside this fortress?" Emeric said after gaining some distance away from his opponent. His right hand, that was holding the sword, felt numb from the initial clash he had with Aramis.

It had been a long time since the two of them had crossed swords and, from his initial probing, Emeric immediately realized that Aramis had increased his cultivation and was already a level stronger than him!  

"I'm not afraid," Aramis replied. "The moment the brave men of Hellan stepped inside this fortress, they were all prepared to die. From the lowest soldier, to the Highest General, they will fight to the death to defend our kingdom."

"What about you? Aren't you afraid to die?" Emeric sneered.

Amaris snorted, "I can't die even if I want to."

Aramis once again raised his sword as his eyes glowed blood red. James had given him a nickname, Salamander, not because he hated him, but because Aramis was one pesky opponent that even the Overlord of Lont found annoying.

Aramis took a step forward and immediately appeared four meters away from Emeric. He thrust his sword forward, fearlessly and didn't care about the fact that the other Sword Saint of the Aenasha Dynasty had already snuck up behind him.

Emeric expertly parried the blow and prepared a counterattack. A sneer appeared on his face as he saw the blade of his partner pierce through Aramis' chest, while Emeric's own sword pierced through Aramis' head.  

The two Sword Saints exchanged a look and smiled. They knew that Aramis was strong, but if they created the perfect trap for him, even a Sword Saint would die, or at least suffer a serious injury in the process.  

Emeric was about to pull his sword out from his opponent's head when his eyes widened in shock.

"Ru-Arkh!" Emeric wasn't able to finish his words before the hand holding his sword was cut off from his body. His comrade didn't fare any better as a silver sword pierced through his chest.

"Y-You! How?!" the Sword Saint that had stabbed Aramis from behind asked as he fell on his knees.  

Aramis didn't give him an answer, instead, the silver sword moved like a blur and separated his head from his body. Until the moment of his death, the Sword Saint still didn't realize how Aramis was able to escape their perfectly timed attack that destroyed both of his heart, and brain, at the same time.

Emeric didn't wait to see his partner's demise because he had already retreated from the battlefield. He decisively left the moment his hand was cut off, and focused his attention on his movement technique.  

"Too bad, one got away," Aramis sighed as he stepped on the head of the Sword Saint, who had stabbed him in the back, and turned it into meat paste.  

He didn't stop there and breathed flames from his mouth to incinerate the dead body under his feet. As he burned the corpse into ashes, the gaping holes in his chest and head slowly regenerated.  

A minute later, Aramis was back to his usual self, with the exception of a bloodstain on his forehead, and chest.  

Aramis then looked on top of the ramparts where the Great General of the Hellan Kingdom stood. Gareth gave him a brief nod before shifting his attention back to the battlefield.

Both of them had roles to play and the war had just begun. The Anaesha Dynasty had three Sword Saints. One was dead, another had lost his dominant hand, and the third was somewhere else.  

Aramis regretted that he wasn't able to dispose of Emeric because the latter had hastily retreated, while using his companion as cannon fodder to buy him some time to escape.  

'It's fine, this will give us a little more time,' Aramis thought as he stepped forward.  

A bugle horn sounded in the distance and the army of the Anaesha Dynasty made a hasty retreat. The defenders watched them go with hate-filled eyes, but they didn't dare to pursue them.  

They knew that their enemies would be back and, when that happened, another grueling battle would take place.

There was a reason why James hated Aramis, and that was not just because the latter had fallen in love with the same woman as him. No, James hated Aramis because he was one of the few people that he couldn't kill within the entirety of the Southern Continent.

Why? It was because the Salamander of the Hellan Kingdom was nearly immortal. Even if one were to turn his body into meat paste, he would still rise and haunt you like a ghost out for vengeance.  

Not many people knew this. Their opponents only thought that he had a very strong regenerative ability that made him very hard to kill. That's why Emeric and his partner had targeted his heart and brain at the same time, in order to kill him instantly.  

Alas, they didn't know anything about the curse that was placed on Amaris' body.  

A curse that was placed on him by the woman he loved. The same woman that James married many years ago. The woman that had brought the two greatest men in the Hellan Kingdom to their knees and made them spill rivers of blood in her name.  

She was none other than Erza Anwen Aoife. The undying witch that hailed from the Zelan Dynasty.  


Chapter 297

James whistled as he sat on top of the ramparts of the stronghold that bordered the Zelan Dynasty.

When the Demons invaded the academy, the Two Dynasties, Anaesha and Zelan, launched an invasion at the same time. The first Fortress that defended against the Anaesha Army fell after two days.

The survivors hurriedly regrouped at the Windsor Fortress in order to resist the advance of the Anaesha Army that numbered in the millions. The bulk of their army was made up of Ant Type Beasts.  

This was the main reason why the first line of defense in the East was easily overrun. Although they did their best to resist, the sheer number of enemies outnumbered the defenders two hundred to one.

Only when Aramis, and the Archmages, arrived in Windsor Fortress did the numbers of the ant army decrease drastically.

As for the stronghold that was facing the Zelan Army, they were able to hold out until James and Lawrence arrived as reinforcements. Together, the two managed to make the invaders temporarily retreat.

The Beast Army was a little late in their mobilization and arrived late at the battlefield. This was why the defenders were able to endure until reinforcements arrived, forcing the Zelan Army to retreat.  

"Aren't you worried about Windsor Fortress?" Lawrence, Rebecca's Grandfather, and James' good friend, asked. "I heard that it can collapse any moment now."

James scratched his bum as he looked at the vast army that was slowly approaching the stronghold.  

"I'm more worried about the enemy once that lizard gets serious," James replied without a care in the world. "I hope they kill the bastard so I can spit on his grave. I've been dreaming of it for years."

Lawrence sighed as he shook his head helplessly. He knew about the bad blood between James and Aramis and so did the other old fogeys that had served the former king. The two were like oil and water, and would immediately attack each other if they were given an opportunity.  

"Oh, what a big Ox," James nodded in satisfaction as he appraised the towering giant in the distance. "If I'm not mistaken, its name is Erchitu. Not bad, at least Millennial Rank. I wonder if I can use that Ox to expand our farmlands. Hey, is an Ox part of a Herd?"

"Herd? Well, I guess that you can consider a group of Oxen a herd," Lawrence replied after eyeing the beast from afar. "I didn't know you were interested in these kinds of things."

James chuckled, but didn't say anything else. How could he possibly say that he was planning to catch the Giant Ox and give it to William. The boy had casually told him a few years ago that if James were to see a strong beast that belonged to the herd, he should catch it and bring it back to Lont, so that the Half-Elf could try his hand at taming it.

Although James didn't fully understand how William would be able to tame a Millennial Beast, he was more than happy to agree to his grandson's request.

"Minotaurs, Inferno Bulls, and three Lamassu," James muttered as he scratched his head in frustration. 'Hah~ forget it. I'll just knock them all out and drag them back to Lont so that William can take a look at them, once he wakes up from his coma. If they are useless, I'll just cook them to eat.'

"Damian! Gideon!"

""Yes, Boss?""

"Get some of those minotaurs later, and one of those Lamassu," James ordered. "Choose Class B and above. Make sure to get the high-quality ones. I'll handle that Erchitu myself."

"Okay."

"Sure thing."

The Overlord of Lont then glanced at Jekyll who was busy flossing his teeth at the side. "You stay here and guard the fortress. Don't eat any of the beasts. William might have a need for them."

"I'll think about it," Jekyll replied as he eyed the monster army. Some of them had caught his eye and he was also planning to bring them back to Lont to be used in his experiments.  

James massaged his forehead because Jekyll had that look on his face that screamed murder. He knew better than to get in the way of the "Dentist" of Lont when he found something of interest.  

He sighed before facing his old friend, Lawrence. "I'll leave the human armies to you. Leave the Beast Army to me."

Lawrence nodded his head. "Fine. Let's end this quickly."

The five men stared at the Hundred Thousand Army in front of them as if they were just dealing with toddlers. Although there were existences within the Zelan army that were equal to them in strength, they were not the least bit worried about it.

Why? Because James was there to oversee the battle.

If he was so easy to kill, Aramis would have already done it long ago. The fact that James was still alive and kicking proved that he was a tough nut to crack.

'It has been a while since I saw the Beast Conqueror in action.' Lawrence narrowed his eyes as he looked at his old friend. 'I swear to the Gods, each and every member of the Ainsworth family is a freak of nature. I'm glad they are not my enemy.'

-----

"Okay, focus," Issei said with a serious expression. "Don't force it. Let your consciousness slowly spread towards your body."

The voice of the Harem God whispered in William's ears as he slowly joined his consciousness with his spirit body.  

Issei was training William how to merge back with his body, so he could check on the current status of his King Chess Piece.  

The Harem God Insisted that, although William was still unable to use the full power of his Divinity because he was still under-aged, Ian's sacrifice made it possible for William to connect with her through the Spirit Core embedded inside his body.

William felt light-headed as his consciousness merged back with his Spirit Body. Although he was still unable to move his body, he was able to communicate with the System and ask it about certain things regarding the changes in his Divinities.

'System, open the status of the King Chess Piece,' William ordered.

< Opening Chess Piece Status Page >

< Accessing Usable Abilities >

-----

< King's Chess Piece >

-- King's Legion

-- Accolade

-- Familia (NEW!)

-----

William didn't hesitate and asked the system to open the Familia Option. He was curious what this new ability could do for him in his current state.

-----

< Familia >

-- Allows the Host to harness the power of his bond with his Familia Members.

-- Depending on the strength of the bond, the host will be able to use his Familia's ability and vice versa.  

Familia:  

( Available )

( Not Available )

( Not Available )

( Not Available )

( Not Available )

-----

"Do you see it now? I was planning to wait for your Coming of Age Ceremony before discussing this ability to you. But, since this is already here, it is time for you to train your bond with your Mermaid lover." Issei said. " However, there is a special condition when registering a Nymph to your Familia."

"Nymph?" William inquired. "Ian is a Nymph?"

"Half-Nymph," Issei answered. "But, a Nymph nevertheless. In order to add her to your Familia, you need to know her true name first. Unlike Humans, Nymphs are bestowed a true name on the day of their birth."

Issei's voice became extremely serious as he continued his explanation. "Remember this William, there are some beings in the world that are born with a true name. Whoever knows their name will be able to command them to do anything."

William nodded his head in understanding. Although he had read similar things in novels before, this was the first time he would actually put it into practice.

"What's wrong?" Issei asked after a few minutes passed in silence. "Are you perhaps hesitating to have full control over the lives of others?"

"...Yes. Somehow, this feels wrong."  

"Wrong? Are you stupid? Indecisive guys like you are the ones that get NTR'd in real life. Since Ian has already given you half of her heart, you should take responsibility and not be a wishy washy individual. Or, are you perhaps waiting for other men to know her true name?"

"Of course not! It's just…"

"Just?"

"I've been quarrelling with her for a long time and have always treated her as a boy. Never did I dream that the boy who always picked a fight with me would someday turn into a mermaid and become my lover. It just feels unreal."

Issei sighed, "This is the problem with virgins. Once you graduate, you will never hesitate again. Obviously, you can't do that now. But, William, time waits for no one. It won't wait for you to be ready, or for Ian to be ready. Whether it is a mortal, or the Gods, time will not wait for them. So… go already!"

Issei gave William a mental kick which forced his consciousness to merge with the blue gem embedded in his chest.  

Currently, Wendy and Est had gone to the frontlines to assist the defenders because it was a critical time. They only stayed for a few days because they were worried about William. Now that they finally knew that he was safe, the two magicians returned to their duties as Knights of the Hellan Kingdom.

They left William in Ian's care because she was the only one that could nourish his spiritual body.

Within William's Sea of Consciousness, the beautiful mermaid laid on top of William with her chest touching his. The gems within their respective bodies were pressed against each other in order to make the spirit transfer more effective.

The moment William's consciousness entered the Spirit Core, a jolt of electricity passed through Ian's body which made her body tremble.

"W-William?" Ian asked with uncertainty.  

William had already told them that he didn't know when he could communicate with them again. Although Ian had attempted several times to communicate with him through her spirit core, the unconscious boy remained unresponsive.

This was the first time since their first discussion that Ian got a reaction from him.  

'It's me, Ian. There is something very important that we need to talk about.'

"What is it?"

'Do you regret it?" William asked. "Do you regret giving me half or your heart?"  

William wanted to slap himself for asking such a cheesy question. He had thought of a lot of things he could say to start the conversation, but nothing came to mind. It was at that moment when this question suddenly appeared in his consciousness.

Since William was currently in this conscious form, all the things that pop up inside his head were automatically spoken out loud. The Half-Elf watched as Ian's expressions suddenly became serious.

He waited with bated breath for Ian's answer. The answer that would take their relationship to the next level.


Chapter 298

Ian didn't answer William's question right away. Instead, she recalled the first time she met the red-headed shepherd who just happened to be going to the same temple as them. Back then, she didn't know why she felt irritated whenever she saw him.

After pondering about it for a while, Ian might have become irritated when she saw the collar on William's neck. Just like Elves, other humanoids like Beastkins, and the more exotic creatures were sold as slaves.

Ian was half Human and half Nymph. Her mother was a Mermaid, while her father was a Human mage that specialized in Earth Magic. Although such unions weren't rare, they were frowned upon by many.

Just like the Half-Elves.  

Fortunately, Ian's and Isaac's Nymph bloodline was stronger. They were more Nymph than Human and had the ability to take on Human form. Due to the secret relationship between the Ruling Family and the Nymphs of the Kingdom, a certain agreement was made in order to strengthen their ties with each other.

"I regret… not being able to take this collar off your neck using my own power," Ian sighed. "You know, I hate slavery. Perhaps, I hate it more than you do. I wish that a day will come where all slave traders will be taken to the guillotine to be beheaded.  

"That way, the next generation won't have to worry about getting abducted while walking on the streets and being sold to the nobility to become their playthings. No. William. I do not regret giving you half of my heart. So, don't make me regret my decision, understand?"

"I won't," William replied. "I promise."

Ian closed her eyes and gently brushed the hair on William's head. Five-minutes passed in silence before Ian took the initiative to break the silence.

"Is there something you want to tell me?" Ian inquired. "I can feel your hesitation through the fluctuations coming from my Spirit Core inside your body. What's wrong?"

William sighed internally and decided to come clean. He told her about the newly awakened ability that had appeared after she had given him half of her Spirit Core.

"You want to know my True Name?" Ian was surprised, but it didn't last long. She had thought long and hard about this topic, even before William had asked her about it. One could even say that she had already made her decision the moment she gave him half of her heart.

"Yes. May I know your True Name?"

"William, do you know? Asking for my True Name is the same as asking my hand in marriage. Are you sure you want to know?"

"I want to know," William answered firmly. "I promise I will take responsibility. I will not let you go, no matter what happens."

Ian felt her heart skip a beat upon hearing William's sincere promise to keep her by his side. The beautiful mermaid lowered her head and whispered her name in William's ears. Although it was only the two of them inside his Sea of Consciousness, her cautious nature didn't allow her to say her True Name out loud.

"Ashera," Ian whispered. "Ashera Dy Cordelia. With this, I now belong to you. Please, keep my name in your heart."

"I will," William replied. "I promise."

The King Chess Piece appeared above the two of them. Golden particles that were similar to snowflakes fell down on the two lovers as both of the Spirit Cores within their chests turned golden.  

Among Nymphs, especially the mermaid race, giving one's heart to another person was a sign of love. Once that person made a vow of love to the mermaid, the color of the Spirit Cores would change, which signified that the two were now partners for life.

It was also a sign that the Gods had recognized their union.

-----

< Familia >

< First Familia Member >

-- Ashera Dy Cordelia

-- Host is able to use Wave Rider Skill

-- Host is able to use Water Whip Skill

-- Host has acquired Familia Oversoul Skill

-- Increase +10 enhancement bonus to all stats  

[ Strength of Stats and Abilities will increase, or decrease depending on the Synchronization Rate between the host and his Familia Member. ]

-- Synchronization Rate: 30%

-----

William and Ian felt a stronger connection between the two of them as the King Chess Piece and the System synchronized together to register William's First Familia Member.

"From now on, I'll call you Ashe when it's just the two of us, or when you are in your mermaid form," William said. "Also, call me Will from now on, okay?"

"Ashe… it's been so long since I heard my nickname," Ashe replied with a smile. Deep inside, she was very happy. Although Wendy was William's first lover and had called dibs as his First Wife, the bond that she and William shared now was that of a real husband and wife.  

William also understood this, but he wouldn't take back his word to the blonde beauty whom he promised could be his First Wife. Ashe also had no intention of making things difficult for Wendy and decided to just keep this secret in her heart.  

She was already feeling a bit guilty for taking a shortcut in order to make William her partner for life.

'Ashe, I don't have much time left,' William said softly.  

'I understand,' Ashe replied as she planted a kiss on William's forehead. "I'll wait for your return. Please, don't make me wait too long."

"I will do my best. Until then, please watch over my body for me."

"Don't worry. I won't let you cheat on me. See you soon, Will."

The glow of the crystal in William's chest dimmed then faded away completely. It was now time for him to return to the Temple of the Gods to continue Issei's Divinity Training.

-----

Somewhere within the Temple of Ten Thousand Gods...

A celestial beauty, wearing a black dress, sat on a black throne and looked into the distance. She was currently looking at a Pink Teddy Bear holding a Water Whip in its hands.  

A mischievous smile could be seen on her face. Her eyes, which were darker than black, locked onto the precious soul that resided inside the stuffed toy's body.  

The beautiful woman watched as the Teddy Bear accidentally wrapped its body with the water whip in its hand. Clearly, the Teddy Bear was not used to its current body and was having trouble using the whip as a weapon.

A giggle escaped the lady's lips as she watched the Teddy Bear's futile attempts to free itself from the whip that had turned it into a spring roll.  

William was not aware that one of the Primordial Gods within the Temple had taken a keen interest in him. A Goddess that would one day make her presence known, not only to William, but the entire world of Hestia.  


Chapter 299

"How is the progress of the collection of souls, that died on the battlefield, going?"  

"Everything is proceeding smoothly, Sir. It's quite unfortunate that we didn't meet our goal in building the required altars, but that can be compensated by increasing the number of souls that we collect from the ongoing war."

The man who sat on the throne nodded his head. "What about the key? Do we have any news?"

"The agents that are currently monitoring the two princes say that both of them are doing their best to acquire the key," a man wearing a black robe reported.  

"Unfortunately, the timing of the war has caused them delays because the King is always with his war council. There have not been any opportunities for them to ask, or look for the key without making it look suspicious."

"Hoh~" the man sitting on the throne leaned back and tapped his finger on the armrest. "Tell them that they have exactly one week to find it. At the end of the week, if the key is still not in their hands, they can forget about our deal."  

"As you command." the black-robed man bowed his head and left the room.

The man sitting on the throne watched him go with a calm expression.  

The reason he gave the two princes an ultimatum was because they couldn't hold off their plan for too long. According to the Archmages in their Organization, it would take one week for them to finetune the altars and invoke the continental spell that they had prepared.

The "Harvesting" of souls was proceeding smoothly. Originally, they would only need a hundred thousand souls at most if all of the altars were built. Unfortunately, they had greatly underestimated the efficiency of their agents' ability to instigate the war.  

Since that was the case, they would just need to gather more souls in order to make up for the lack of altars.

A million souls.  

This was the number of souls that they needed in order to activate the spell that would bring the entire Southern Continent to its knees. Originally, they were worried that they wouldn't be able to meet the target. Fortunately, one of the Myriad Beasts participating in the war was an Ant Queen.

With the ability to give birth to thousands of eggs a day, it was able to raise an army of hundreds of thousands that destroyed the first line of defense of the Hellan Kingdom. Even now, the Windsor Fortress was nearing its destruction even with the Sword Saint there to protect it.

The might of a single person, would not be enough to hold off an army of over a million. Especially if this army had several Centennial and Millennial Beasts under the protection of the two remaining Sword Saints of the Aenasha Dynasty.

-----

"Magicians, Open Fire!" Gareth, the Great General that commanded the defense of Windsor Fortress, roared amidst the screams of the Ant Army that had advanced to the walls of the fortress.

A myriad of spells from different elements rained down on the Ant Army with fury. The barrage seemed unending, but looking at the sea of ants that were steadily making their advance, their resistance looked like a futile attempt to prevent the inevitable.  

Over twenty Millennial Ants steadily crawled towards the fortress, and their eyes burned with bloodlust. However, they were not the only High-Level beasts in the Aenasha Army. Fifteen more Millennial Flying Ants hovered above the battlefield, which made the defenders almost lose hope.

If not for the Sword Saint, the six Archmages of the North and East, the Aerial Cavaliers from Freesia, the Gryphon Brigade, and the reinforcements of the Royal Academy that had arrived in the nick of time, Windsor Fortress might have fallen already.

"The bombardment of the Second and Third Years is almost over," Est announced. "First Years prepare your spells!"  

"Fourth Years, get ready!" Matthew declared.  

Hundreds of spells were activated simultaneously as the First Years and Fourth Years waited for their Head Prefects' next orders. Est and Matthew watched the burning Ant Army in front of them as they waited for the right time to unleash the spells that they had prepared.

A minute later, the first round of bombardment had ended, and the Second and Third Year students of the Magic Division backed away to replenish their mana reserves.  

As soon as they stepped back, the First Years and the Fourth Years stepped forward to take their place.  

"Open fire!" Est and Matthew ordered simultaneously.

A rain of spells descended on the battlefield and slaughtered everything in their path.  

After the incident at the Grand Coliseum, the King didn't order the Royal Academy to mobilize right away. The shock and anger that the Magic Division experienced on the day of the Inter-Division Battle rendered them unable to immediately participate in the war.

Simon, the Dean of the Academy, had announced that a Demon had possessed Carter's body. He added that the Demon used an elaborate scheme to put the majority of the Magic Division under his control and force them to betray their comrades through the use of a powerful spell.

Several high-level Spirit Users were dispatched to the academy in order to fully neutralize the lingering effects of the Mind Weaver Spells from their bodies. The revelation given by the Dean made the students very angry and caused them to hate the Demons even more.

They also mourned the loss of the talented professor who had fallen into their hands. Since the war had taken a turn for the worse, the King was once again forced to call upon the students of the academy to defend their homeland.

Although a week was not enough to wash away the frustration that the Magic Division had felt, there was nothing they could do but participate in the war that had broken out.  

Wendy and Est decided to let Ian remain by William's side in order to continue his recovery. All the students had been mobilized to participate in the war, and Priscilla was chosen to temporarily command the Angorian War Sovereign, which had also been sent to Windsor Fortress.

"Show them the might of Freesia!" the Captain of the Aerial Knights shouted as the Hippogriff Formation charged towards the flying ants in the sky.

Flying beside them was the Angorian Knight Order led by Priscilla. Due to William's efforts, the Aerial Knights of the Angorian War Sovereign had several mock battles against the Gryphon Brigade which allowed them to gain battle experience when fighting with their mounts.

This was their first official battle. The young knights under Priscilla's command felt anxious because William wasn't there. Although Priscilla was present to command them, she couldn't replace William's "invincible image" in their minds.

Priscilla knew this, but there was nothing she could do at the moment.  

"I know that all of you are feeling anxious, but you should focus your attention on the enemies in front of you," Priscilla said with a determined voice. "The commander didn't train all of you to die meaningless deaths. Let's show everyone the might of the Angorian War Sovereign! Kill them all!"

""Kill!""

The Captain of the Gryphon Brigade laughed as he raised his spear. "You bastards, make sure not to lose face in front of the kids! Death to our enemies!"

""Death!""

The Aerial Defenders and the Insect Swarm collided. Blood rained down from the sky as shrieks and screams reverberated all over the battlefield.

The battle lasted for three hours before the Aenasha Army was forced to retreat once again. However, they had successfully destroyed the walls of the Fortress, leaving it open for their next invasion.  

If not for the fact that Aramis had successfully killed Emeric, at the cost of the thousands of brave Hellan Soldiers that had accompanied him in a suicide charge towards the center of the enemy's formation, the Aenashans wouldn't have opted for a retreat.  

The Archmages accompanying Aramis had also thrown caution to the wind and unleashed 8th Circle Spells that attacked both friend and foe alike. These frenzied attacks deterred the General leading the Aenasha Army and forced him to order a retreat.  

Although the main bulk of their forces were the Ant Army, Aramis and the Archamages ignored the Ants and focused on killing the Human soldiers. After a one sided-massacre and the loss of a Sword Saint, they had no choice but to retreat in haste and in the fear that the berserked Archmages would wipe all of their Human resources off from the face of the world.

The suicide charge bought the defenders a few days of reprieve, but it was not enough to prevent the inevitable.

Three days later, Windsor Fortress finally fell and the surviving defenders were forced to retreat. They made their way to Ravenlord Citadel. The last fortress that stood between the Aenasha Army and the Capital of the Hellan Kingdom.


Chapter 300

Two days before the fall of Windsor Fortress…

"W-Will?" Ashe stuttered as she looked at the cute teddy bear in front of her

(A/N: This may take you guys a bit of getting used to, but I will shift to calling Ian as Ashe when she's in her mermaid form, or when she's alone with Will.)

"Yes. it's me," Will nodded. "There's an impo-- hey! Don't pick me up!"

Ashe ignored Will's protest and twirled around holding the teddy bear in her hands. She then pressed "William" to her chest and squashed him to oblivion.

"So cute!" Ashe exclaimed.

William sighed internally and allowed Ashe to have her way with him.  

It was then when a chuckle was heard around them and Issei appeared with his twin lovers by his sides.

"Sorry to disturb your happy moment, but we're in a bit of a rush," Issei said with a smile. "Young Lady, I'm Will's Big Brother. You may call me Issei."

Ashe immediately summoned her Spirit Sword and put up her guard. She could feel a very strong Divine Power coming out from Issei's body, and she understood that the person in front of her was a very strong existence.

"Good." Issei nodded his head in approval. "Your reaction was on point. As expected from my brother's partner."

William, who was currently being held in Ashe's firm embrace, patted her chest in order to calm her down.  

"Don't worry, he's not an enemy," William explained. "He is my Big Brother and he takes good care of me."

Ashe lowered the weapon in her hand, but kept her guard up. She wasn't a little girl that would trust strangers as soon as she met them.

Seeing that Ashe had calmed down, Issei crossed his arms over his chest and grinned.

"Like I said earlier, we are in a bit of a rush," Issei stated. "Young Lady, I pulled your spirit from your body and brought you here to my domain. However, your spirit cannot leave your body for a long time, so I prepared something that will help you remain here for an extended period of time.

"But before that, allow me to tell you why you're here. You see, William is currently undergoing training about how to use the powers he gained from your union. Naturally, he won't be able to utilize them properly unless you are here. Because of that, I decided to 'forcefully' bring you here to ensure that his training will be a success. Are you following me so far?"

Ashe frowned, but she still nodded her head. She would listen first before she decided on how to interact with her "partner's" Big Brother.

Issei cleared his throat and continued his explanation.  

"Your soul can only stay for half of a day each day and for no longer than a week.  

Due to not wanting to harm your soul, half a day in your world will be three days inside my domain.  

"Of course, I will not force you if you don't want to help William by participating in his training. Everyone is entitled to a choice, so I'll give you two minutes to decide."

"There's no need to wait," Ashe replied. "I will help Will with his training."

"Excellent choice!" Issei clapped his hands and looked at the teddy bear in the young lady's hold. "I got to hand it to you, Little Brother, your girls love you very much."

The teddy bear raised its chin in an arrogant manner in acknowledgment of Issei's words.

"This is what you call charisma, Big Brother," William replied. "Just one smile from me and all the girls in the academy will line up to give me a kiss."

Ashe grabbed the teddy bear's leg and dangled it upside down in irritation. Issei chuckled as he watched at the two's shenanigans before waving his hand to bring William and Ashe inside his special domain.

After a brief flash of light, William and Ashe found themselves in a familiar place. The two of them stood in William's "destroyed" Sea of Consciousness.  

"I temporarily linked William's Sea of Consciousness with my domain in order to keep the Young Lady's soul from weakening," Issei said as he appeared along with the twin ladies by his sides.  

"Right now, William doesn't have any sort of power. Also, fighting for an extended period of time will hasten the destruction of his Sea of Consciousness. In order to prevent that from happening, he has to use an outside source of power. That is where you come in, Young Lady."

Issei pointed at Ashe with a serious expression on his face.  

"Since the two of you are linked through your Spirit Core, the Synchronization Rate of both of your body and soul has reached the minimum requirements for the Familia Oversoul."

Instead of explaining, Issei kissed the lips of the twins by his sides and uttered two words.

"Familia Oversoul."

The bodies of the two girls became ethereal and merged with Issei's body. Soon, the silhouette of two girls wielding swords and shields, each, hovered behind Issei's body.  

"It's similar to Aura Intent," William muttered as he narrowed his eyes to observe the two "Spirits" that were floating behind the Harem God. "But, it feels more like magic power…"

"Spirit power," Ashe corrected. "That's Spirit Power and not Magic Power. Although they feel the same, the method behind the two is different."

Issei nodded his head, "Correct. This power can only be used if the bond between me and my lovers reaches a certain threshold. The stronger the bond, the stronger the powers that will manifest after a successful fusion are.  

"This is the thing that the two of you need to master within one month. Whether you succeed in mastering this ability or not, both of you will be evicted from this domain when the one month is over."

William and Ashe exchanged a glance and nodded their heads. The Teddy Bear then looked at his Big Brother and asked the question that he had been meaning to ask.

"Big Brother, how can we strengthen our bond?" William inquired.

The grin on Issei's face widened as he looked at William and the young lady that was holding his "temporary" vessel.  

"The fastest way is for the two of you to embrace each other's body." Issei chuckled. "But since both of you are underaged, and I don't want the F.B.I. God to arrest my Little Brother, the two of you can just settle for hugs and kisses for the time being.

"Naturally, you need to practice merging as well. The only advantage is that, since my domain is linked to William's Spirit World, he will be able to manifest a bit of his Spirit Powers to keep your connection stable. I'll return after the two of you manage to perform the Familia Oversoul. At the very least, a 50% Synchronization Rate is needed to make it happen."

Issei waved his goodbye and disappeared in the blink of an eye. He wanted to give the two "newlyweds" some privacy, so they wouldn't have to worry about someone eavesdropping on their "intimate" interactions.  

After Issei left, the Teddy Bear's body glowed and increased its size. Soon, it transformed into William's true form, which surprised both of them.

'Don't worry, Will,' Issei said via telepathy. 'I'm going to give you a freebie because I know that it is hard to be 'touchy' with your lover, while you're in that teddy bear's body. No need to thank me. Just make sure to do your best and score First Base! As for the Second Base, that is a Gray Area. I'll leave it to your discretion. Have fun!'

William's face reddened when he heard Issei's words. His feelings for Ashe were still in the initial stages, but he knew that since the 'deed' had already been done, he needed to take responsibility and care for her for the rest of his life.

"Ashe," William said softly as he held her hand. "I will do my best. So, please, have more faith in me. I promise you that I will cherish you for the rest of my life."

Ashe smiled as she rested her head on William's chest. "Ever since that battle with the Terrorhand, I knew that you were someone that I could depend on with my life. Perhaps, that was also when I fell in love with you. Will, I'm scared. This is the first time I've felt this way. I don't know what to do."

"It's fine," William patted her back and kissed her forehead. "Let's start slow, okay?"

"Okay," Ashe replied as she buried her head in William's chest.

Both of them understood that they couldn't rush their relationship, but that didn't mean that they couldn't take that first step, to remove the anxiety that they felt in their hearts.  

Ashe looked up and closed her eyes. Her heart beat wildly inside her chest as she waited for her lover to remove the fears and doubts inside her. William lowered his head and kissed her lips.

The kiss only lasted for a few seconds, but it was more than enough for Ashe to understand the feelings behind it. The insecurities that she had been bottling up slowly melted away as she took the initiative to kiss him back.  

Ashe wouldn't admit it, but ever since William had made Wendy his lover, she felt extremely envious and jealous of her. Now, she didn't have to worry about that anymore. William's actions assured her that he was taking their relationship seriously.  

With this, the haze in her heart and mind finally disappeared as she surrendered herself to her lover's passionate kisses, that made her fall in love with him all over again.

