Chapter 751: Bringing An End To The Rule Of LightChapter 751: Bringing An End To The Rule Of LightChapter 751: Bringing An End To The Rule Of Light
Chapter 751

"Sir William, about the assessment test, can I also join your team?" Princess Aila asked in a hopeful tone.

Although she already knew the names of her classmates by heart, she wasn't that close to them. Some of them had also invited the angelic looking princess after they had found out that she was a Life Magician.  

Healers were highly sought out in any mission, or Dungeon Expedition, because their ability to support a party during dire situations was priceless.  

"About this, my party members are already complete," William replied with an awkward expression on his face.

It was not because he had forgotten about Princess Aila. in fact, the thought of inviting her to his party crossed his mind. However, with the member restriction, he only had enough slots for Zhu, Sha, and his wives.

"… Is that so?" Princess Aila lowered her head. Although she had already expected that William would reject him, she still felt at a loss when the rejection finally came.

"Don't worry, I already thought of this issue," William said as he glanced at Conan who was sitting by the window, and looking at the clouds in the sky.

"Conan, come. I need a favor."

"Oh! You need the help of this amazing Conan. You made the right choice, Will."

The Devil Familiar happily flew towards William and landed on his shoulder. He had been feeling relaxed as of late because Claire was always busy and had no time to look for him.

With his newfound freedom, he would often accompany Princess Aila to explore more of the Academy after their classes ended in the afternoon. The princess and the little Devil shared similar traits. In a way, both of them were pure of heart, so it was very easy for the two of them to get along with each other.  

"You see, Aila needs someone to accompany her on a mission," William said. "She needs someone strong and dependable to ensure her safety. With that said, I can't think of anyone more suited to the job than you. Will you accept this mission?"

"Kekeke. This is a piece of cake," Conan patted his chest. "Don't worry, Aila. As long as I'm around, no harm will come to you."

A very sweet smile appeared on Princess Aila's face as she looked at Conan. The smile was so dazzling that the boys in the class started to curse William and Conan in their hearts.

Damn, we couldn't even win against a Familiar?!  

Why is life unfair?!

Everyone gave the little Devil a hateful glare, but the latter only tilted his head in confusion. Conan didn't know that he had become "Public Enemy Number Two", in the hearts of the boys of Class C.  

"Kenneth, do you and Eowyn have any plans for the upcoming Assessment Test?" William inquired. "Aila is a healer. She will be an indispensable member in your team."

Kenneth nodded his head in understanding. "Prin– I mean, Lady Eowyn, we still have a few slots in our party. Can we add Aila to our team?"

Princess Eowyn glanced at William's direction and nodded her head. In fact, she had already invited Princess Aila a day ago, but the latter politely said that she would think about it first.  

Now that the Half-Elf had rejected Princess Aila, the Elven Princess would definitely not allow a dedicated healer to slip out of her grasp.

"I would love to have Aila in our team," Princess Eowyn said with a smile. "Lilith, if you still haven't joined any parties. Feel free to join us as well."

The Amazon Princess had been lowkey as of late. She would often wander around the Academy as if looking for someone or something.  

William even jokingly teased her one time that Lilith might be looking for precious items in the Academy to steal.  

Lilith's reply was just a mischievous smile, but that smile was enough to tell William that his guess was spot on!

The Amazon Princess was indeed strolling around the Academy in search of priceless treasures to grab, without anyone noticing.

"Sounds like a plan," Lilith replied. "I'm in."

"Great!" Princess Eowyn clapped her hands together.

Kenneth, Pearl, and Lilith were strong fighters. Princess Eowyn knew support and offensive magic, so her role was quite flexible.

Princess Aila on the other hand was a pure healer, and Conan was a defensive player. With such a balanced party, they could easily clear any dungeon that had less than sixty floors without any problems.

—–

Somewhere in the Central Continent…

The Supreme Pontifex of The Organization, Deus, held a scroll in her hand.

This scroll held the complete prophecy of the Prince of Darkness. It had been written personally by the Patriarch of the Rayleigh Family after he had received the vision.  

With the help of the now deceased Alessio, who was once the Branch Leader of Deus in the Silvermoon Continent, the original copy of the Prophecy landed in the Supreme Pontifex's hands.  

Just like the Elves, she had also sent several of her subordinates to monitor potential candidates that had the possibility of becoming the prophesied Prince.  

She also shared the same opinion as the Elders of the Elves about William being the most likely candidate.

"Born from the union of the Saintess of the World Tree and the Dungeon Conqueror," the Supreme Pontifex said as she caressed the scroll in her hand. "Personally taken as a disciple by Celine, and taught Dark Magic at an early age. Now, he resides inside Hestia Academy and has a close relationship with Celeste.

"Anyone would think that he is indeed the Princes in the Prophecy, but is he truly the chosen one? The Prince that will trample on the Silvermoon Continent, and bring an end to the rule of the Light?"

The Supreme Pontifex sat on her black throne, and took out an Obsidian Crystal Ball from her storage ring.  

The images of the candidates appeared one by one within its depths.

Three of them were from the Demonic Continent.

Another one was the youngest prodigy of an Ancient Elven Clan that had been exiled from the Silvermoon Continent.

There was also a Prince that hailed from the Gunnar Federation.  

More images of young men in their late teens appeared. The majority of them came from influential families, while others were mere commoners, who had some fortuitous encounters early in their life.

All of them had the possibility of being the Dark Prince.

Soon, William's face appeared on the Obsidian Crystal Ball as well.

"I've waited over a hundred years already," the Supreme Pontifex said as she gazed at the crystal ball in her hand. "Waiting a year or two more is not a problem."

The Supreme Pontifex giggled as she thought about the future that she had been waiting for for many years.

"For hundreds of years, we have been cursed never to walk on the surface during the day," the Supreme Pontifex said in a tone filled with hate. "But, that too, will soon come to pass…"  

The Supreme Pontifex sighed as she caressed her Obsidian Crystal Ball as if it was the face of her lover.

"That's why, our Beloved Prince, please, wake up soon.. Your faithful, and loyal subjects are dying to feed you with a silver spoon."


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 752: Spirited Away [Part 1]Chapter 752: Spirited Away [Part 1]Chapter 752: Spirited Away [Part 1]
Chapter 752

"Here you go, Conan. Say ahh…," Princess Aila handfed a cookie to the familiar who was currently sitting on her shoulder.

Conan and her had become good friends ever since William had asked the familiar to guide the Princess around the academy.  

After experiencing the war in the Southern Continent, Princess Aila had lost her innocence. Nor was she the only one the War forced this loss upon. They had to learn quickly that they either had to kill or be killed by others.

Owen had not only taught her the arts of being a Life Mage, he also taught her how to defend herself during combat. The Princess had become a Battle Mage under Owen's teaching, but this was something very few people knew.

Princess Aila's innocent appearance would make anyone think that she was no more than a harmless girl, but if force came to shove, she would be just like Owen. A Life Mage who would not blink her eyes when needing to kill people, using the secret arts passed directly to her, by the Grand Life Archon.

"A-Aila, I can feed myself," Conan stuttered. "Someone as great as me doesn't need to be hand fed. My hands are not for decoration."

Princess Aila smiled as she handed the cookie to the Familiar who insisted on eating by himself.  

"I know that you're great, Conan," Princess Aila replied. "This is why I am assured that we will complete this mission."

"Right! As long as I am around, this mission is a walk in the park. Don't worry. I will carry you."

"Thank you in advance, Conan."

Princess Eowyn looked at this scene while sipping her tea. Right now, they were inside a flying carriage that they had rented from the academy. They were on an expedition to solve mysterious disappearances that were happening in a small town, located a day's ride away from the academy using a flying carriage.

Hestia Academy is not just an ordinary academy. One could think of it as a Mercenary Organization that sent people to solve various problems plaguing the entirety of the Central Continent.

Lilith lay on the couch as she lazily bit into a cookie. She was also observing William's Familiar because she was curious about what the little Devil could do.

As someone who was a good judge of character, Lilith knew that Conan wasn't like his twin brother, Elliot, whom she couldn't' read no matter how hard she tried. T

The Angelic Familiar even gave her a dangerous feeling everytime their gazes met. It was as if Elliot could see through her schemes, and this made her feel uncomfortable.

'Compared to him, Conan is like a gullible child,' Lilith thought.  

Kenneth, who was seated beside Princess Eowyn sighed internally. Since his main task was to watch over his Junior sister, on behalf of the Elven King, and his Master, he wasn't able to accompany William in his dungeon expedition.

In the end, he decided to study the information they had about the mission in order to pass the time.

'Something is very fishy about this mission,' Kenneth thought as he read the documents. 'Regardless whether it is night or day, someone from the village disappears every three days. There is no pattern in the disappearances.  

'It doesn't matter if it is young or old, men or women. One will disappear without fail after three days, but whenever someone investigates the matter, the disappearances are delayed two days. Very strange.'

They were not the only ones that had chosen this mission from the academy. Aside from them, there were ten other teams that were currently headed to the town of Willowdale.  

The rewards for this mission were quite high, which included Ten Thousand Merit Points for each team member, and a thousand gold coins.

The town was not that big, and the villagers were not that well-off so the compensation money was not much. In order to entice the students to take on this mission, the academy decided to increase the merit points as well.

"Still, I don't think this mission is going to be easy," Conan said after eating his cookie. "The Academy has also dispatched professors to deal with the disappearances, but all of them came back empty handed. The only good news is that of those who went there to investigate disappeared."

Princess Aila who was about to give Conan another cookie also found this strange. "I think that whoever is responsible for the disappearances didn't want to provoke the Academy. They probably know that once a student or a professor disappears, the Academy will send enough manpower to flip the entire town upside down."

Princess Eowyn nodded her head in agreement. "The Academy is taking this mission seriously. They already dispatched two professors to accompany the students. It seems that they want to solve this mystery once and for all."

Lilith only smiled as she listened to the conversation. As someone that was the embodiment of greed, stealing things was her specialty. This also included kidnapping people.  

Under Andraste's command, she would travel alongside Elite Amazon Warriors in order to kidnap talented young men to be brought back to their Empire in order for them to spend a few days with her sister.

Naturally, after a few days, the young men would be safely returned to their homes, loaded with gold coins, and other treasures, given to them by the women whom they had embraced in the Amazon Empire.

For Lilith, this was a walk in the park. As long as she activated her Divinity, she would be able to catch the culprit without fail!

A few hours later, the flying carriages finally arrived at their destination.  

The Town Mayor had already prepared accommodations for all of them. Although they weren't comparable to the comforts that they were used to in the Academy, the rooms given to them were clean and comfortable enough to stay in.

Professor Garen, William's homeroom teacher, was one of the Professors that had been tasked to supervise the mission.

Since the three Princesses in his class had taken the mission, the Headmaster of the Academy ordered him to accompany them to ensure their safety. Although the Academy usually didn't give the members of the Royal Family special treatment, the current mission was sensitive.

If one of the Princesses were suddenly spirited away, Byron would have a hard time pacifying the members of their Royal Families.

Since they had just arrived at the town, the professors as well as the students, who had taken the mission, decided to rest for the time being.  

They thought that since they had arrived at the town, whoever was responsible for the disappearances would stay their hands.

But, their expectations were broken the next day.

As if to mock their arrival in Willowdale, the daughter of the Town's Mayor disappeared, from under the same roof where the Professors of Hestia Academy were staying.

"Please, Professors, find my daughter!" the Town Mayor pleaded. "She is about to get married next month. Please, save her!"

Professor Garen did his best to assure the Mayor that they would do their best to find her daughter.  

This was why, right after eating breakfast, the ten teams alongside their Professors, immediately started their investigations, in the hope that they would find the culprit before the day was over.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 753: Spirited Away [Part 2]Chapter 753: Spirited Away [Part 2]Chapter 753: Spirited Away [Part 2]
Chapter 753

Lilith stood inside the bedroom of the Mayor's daughter and used her Divinity.  

She frowned when she sensed the remnants of spiritual magic inside the room. If not for her strong Divinity, no one would be able to find these faint traces, which could help them find the culprit.

"No one entered the room," Lilith said as the frown on her head deepened. "The victim walked out of her own accord. If I have to make a guess, she might have been under a hypnosis spell, or something similar to it."

Lilith followed the traces and left the house along with her Party Members. Since this was a mission, she didn't plan to share her discovery with the other groups.  

Professor Garen followed behind the group, and didn't interfere with their investigation. However, he was shocked that the Amazon Princess had this trick up her sleeve.

'It seems that the Headmaster's words are right,' Professor Garen thought. 'We might be able to solve this mysterious case with Lilith's help."

The traces led them a mile outside of the town into a nearby forest. What puzzled Lilith was that even though the Mayor's Daughter had snuck out of the house in the middle of the night, she had definitely exited the town through the main gate.

Due to the disappearances that had been happening, the mayor had organized people to patrol the town in shifts to intimidate whoever was causing the disappearances. The Main Gate was also sufficiently manned, so it was impossible for anyone to exit the town without being discovered.

If the Mayor's daughter, Elena, really left through the Main Gate, wouldn't that make the guards that were stationed there either blind or completely incompetent?

"The traces stop here," Lilith announced.

Everyone looked around their surroundings, but aside from trees, they didn't see anything unusual.

The trees were covered in vines, but there was nothing unusual about them. They were regular vines that could be seen anywhere in a forest.  

All of the girls activated their unique skills meant for detection, but of them found anything unusual, except for Princess Aila.

As a Life Mage, she was able to detect life force. However what she saw almost took her breath away.

"Oh? So I've been found out?"

A playful almost teasing voice reached their ears.

Immediately, the forest around them became lively as the vines on the trees suddenly sprang to life.  

Kenneth, Lilith, Pearl, and Professor Garen immediately took a defensive formation with Princess Eowyn and Aila at the center.  

Conan hovered above Aila's head, holding his deathscythe and looking at his surroundings vigilantly.

"It's no use," Princess Aila said. Her voice contained traces of disbelief, fear, and despair in them. "We need to run!

"Run? Perish the thought, my dear. All of you will become great additions to my collection."

Several vines sprouted out of the ground and coiled themselves on everyone's legs and feet, preventing them from moving.

Flowers bloomed on the vines above the trees, unleashing a pink spray.

"Don't breathe it!" Princess Eowyn shouted as she used a powerful gust of wind to blow away the smog that had almost covered their bodies.

A chuckle erupted around them. Clearly, the one who was responsible for all of this was finding this scene quite entertaining.

A second later, Everyone felt a prickling pain in their legs.  

The vine that had wrapped around their legs suddenly grew thorns, and injected some sort of substance in their bodies.

Everyone knew that this was not a good sign, so they hurriedly unleashed their strongest attacks in order to break free.

Lilith had used the artifact that she had taken from the Kraetor Empire and covered her body in red armor. Her battle prowess also jumped to the Saint Rank and she immediately turned the vines around them into crystals, which shattered into fine dust.

"Run! Our opponent is a Myriad Beast!" Princess Aila shouted. "We can't win!"

She had already detected the powerful life force hiding under the ground due to her ability, but it was already too late, and there was nothing she could do about it.

When they heard the Princess' words, everyone's expressions turned grim as they hurried towards the exit of the forest.

"Surely, you don't expect to leave this forest under my watch, right?"  

A giant flower sprouted in front of them, and standing in its center was a beautiful lady with green hair and eyes.

"A Dryad!" Professor Garen exclaimed.

The Elves were no stranger to Dryads because they coexisted with these tree spirits in harmony. Since that was the case, Princess Eowyn decided to negotiate with her in order to get the beast to let them go.

"Your Excellency, My name is Eowyn, and I am a Princess of the Elves living in the Southern Continent," Princess Eowyn said with the dignified voice of the Royal Family. "I think there is a misunderstanding. We are here to–"

"I know why you're here," The Dryad interrupted Eowyn's words and smiled seductively. "An Elven Princess? Truly, this is a lucky day. I do not have an Elven Princess in my collection. The Gods must be giving me their blessings since they brought you to me."

The Dryad then glanced at Princess Aila with great interest. "I am very confident in my ability to hide. This is the first time that someone has seen through my hiding place. It seems that you're no ordinary girl. I'm feeling a very pleasant magical power coming from you. I'm guessing that you're highly attuned to spirits, or are blessed with a nature type ability. I will definitely not let you go."

Seeing that the Dryad had no intention of letting them go, Princess Aila finally found the courage to voice out her opinions.

"Why?" Princess Aila asked. "Why are you kidnapping people from the town? Aren't dryads supposed to be noble spirits? Why are you doing this?"

The Dryad giggled as if what she heard was the biggest joke she had heard in her lifetime.  

"Noble spirits? Sweetheart, it seems that you know nothing about dryads," the Dryad replied. "It's in our nature to kidnap people. The men serve as fertilizer, and the women serve as seed beds. Don't worry. I will personally take care of you and love you for a long time."

Lilith was about to unleash her power in order to turn the Myriad Beast into an ice crystal when she suddenly collapsed on the ground.

Princess Eowyn, Princess Aila, Kenneth, and Garen followed suit as they also collapsed due to the toxin that had invaded their bodies. The Dryad smiled seductively because she knew that she had already won.

As she was about to wrap the ladies and take them underground, several shields materialized in the air and stopped the vines' advance.

"Oh, I missed a flying bug." The Dryad smiled sweetly. "You don't look tasty, so just die for me, okay?"

Conan ignored the Dryad's taunting and stood in front of everyone.  

"Iron Fortress!" Conan shouted.  

He knew that he couldn't possibly defeat the Myriad Beast, so he did the only thing that he could do and that was to defend!

Kenneth, Princess Aila, Princess Eowyn, Lilith, Kenneth, and Garen, were enclosed in a steel dome. After everyone had been safely stored inside his Iron Fortress, Conan flew towards the fortress and became one with it.

'This is the first time I'm going to do this,' Conan thought. 'I hope it works.'

The Dryad frowned and lashed at the Steel ball with a thorned whip, with the intention of breaking it apart, but the attacks only caused a deep dent to appear on its surface.  

Suddenly, the steel dome shook and started to grow metallic spikes on its surface.

"I'm Rolling!"  

Conan's mighty shout reverberated in the forest as the three-meter tall spiked ball started to roll away, destroying the trees in its path. The war cry was other than Kasogonaga's signature battle cry before it wreaked destruction.

The Devil Familiar knew that he wasn't good when it comes to offensive attacks, so it decided to imitate the rainbow-colored Anteater's move, in order to compensate for his lack of offensive prowess.

The Dryad sneered as she followed the speeding wreckingball that was spreading destruction in its wake.

As a Myriad Beast that had roamed the Central Continent for many years, it was confident that this pitiful attempt to escape her would be in vain.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 754: Playtime’s OverChapter 754: Playtime’s OverChapter 754: Playtime’s Over
Chapter 754

Conan's desperate struggle amused the Dryad, but she knew that she must end the battle soon. Although she wasn't afraid of the students of Hestia Academy, it was indeed troublesome if they discovered her presence now.

'I'll capture them first before I leave this forest,' the Dryad thought. 'Those girls are of a much higher quality compared to the townspeople. I'm sure that they will become the perfect seed beds for my children.'

—–

Elliot, who was seated on William's shoulder, suddenly looked to the South.  

Because of certain things, their departure had been delayed by a day.  

As they were about to leave the academy, Elliot felt that Conan was in some sort of predicament. Although it was just a passing feeling, the Angelic Familiar trusted his sixth sense because of the nature of his powers.

"Will, I feel like Conan might be in trouble," Elliot said with a serious expression. "Since he is out of our communication range, he can't send us any messages. Can you talk to him telepathically and see if there's something wrong?"

What Elliot didn't know was that William also felt that something was amiss. He didn't know what it was, but the feeling of uneasiness was starting to make him uncomfortable.

His two familiars were born with a part of his soul, so he could vaguely sense their location, even if they were far away. This also allowed him to communicate with them anytime he wanted.

William closed his eyes and used one of the skills of his Familiamancer Job Class, to talk to Conan telepathically.

"Conan, is everything fin–"

As soon as the connection connected, Conan's voice immediately reached William's ears.

"Will! Save us! A Myriad Beast is chasing us! Everyone is paralyzed, I am–ahh!"

William's face immediately turned grim as he focused on Conan's location.

A second later, a streak of lightning flew towards the south. William had used the power of his Prince of Thunder Job Class in order to travel to Conan's exact location at the speed of lighting. He could only use this skill twice a day, so he only used it in extreme instances.  

Elliot watched William go as he stood on top of a golden spear. The red-headed teenager had left Soleil in the academy, and tasked the Angelic familiar to look after it.

—-

Back in the forest…

Conan felt nauseous as he maneuvered the dented steel wrecking ball along the forest floor. Due to the Dryad's powerful attack, Conan's defensive dome was like a disfigured aluminum can that had been crushed.  

Finally, the steel dome broke apart after getting hit by the Dryad's thorn whip.  

The girls, Kenneth, as well as Professor Garen, rolled helplessly on the ground because they couldn't move their bodies. They hadn't lost consciousness, but they wished they had, because just like Conan, all that rolling made them want to puke.

"Play time's over," the Dryad said with a smile. "Although I enjoyed this little game of tag, it would be bad if others discovered us, no?"

Conan gritted his teeth as he held his Deathscyhe. He faced the Dryad with a glare as his body glowed briefly.

A second later, a boy, with black hair, stood on the place where Conan hovered earlier.  

Aside from the hair style and hair color, the boy looked exactly like William when he was twelve years old.  

Conan had unlocked seventy percent of his power, which allowed him to jump to the peak of the Centennial Rank.  

A Centennial Ranked Creature fighting against a Myriad Beast was a fruitless endeavor. Even so, Conan stood his ground.

He was a defender, and it was his job to protect everyone. Regardless of how strong his opponent was, he couldn't back down.  

He wouldn't back down!

"I, the great Conan, will not allow you to harm my friends," Conan shouted. "If you wish to get them, you will have to get past me first."

A giggle escaped the Dryad's lips as several vines sprouted from the ground.

"Sounds simple enough," The Dryad smirked and hundreds of vines lashed towards the black-haired boy, whose eyes had started to glow red. "Too bad, you're not human. If you were, I would definitely use your body as fertilizer for my children."

Hundreds of shields materialized in the air, but all of them were torn apart by the vines as if they were merely pieces of paper.

Conan slashed his deathscythe left and right to block the vines that had made it past his defenses. The Dryad only curled her lips on this futile endeavor.

As Conan defended from the front, several vines burst out of the ground and wrapped around the girl's bodies, taking the Devil Familiar by surprise.

"Naive child," Dryad said with a teasing tone. "Do you honestly believe that I will play with you all day? Didn't I tell you that playtime is… over?!"

A dozen vines lashed out at Conan who had his concentration broken due to the attack that the Dryad had made on Kenneth and the girls. The Myriad Beast didn't hold back her attacks and the young boy's body was almost ripped to shreds.  

The Devil Familiar flew several meters away and fell on the ground with a loud thud. He had been seriously injured, and blood flowed out of the injuries in his body.

His left arm was severed, and deep gashes could be seen on his body. Blood also flowed out of his mouth, ears, and nose.

"C-Conan…," Princess Aila said with hardship as she tried to reach out to the Familiar who was several meters away from her.

Conan's vision was slowly turning dark, but Princess Aila's voice had woken him up from his stupor.  

"D-Don't worry. I.. am just taking… a short rest," Conan replied as he forcefully rolled his body to the side. He used his remaining arm to try to prop himself up, as blood spilled from his wounds.

The Dryad shook her head helplessly as she lashed her whip out to pin the boy back to the ground.  

Conan coughed up blood due to the new injuries he received. He felt faint, and every part of his body was aching.  

He once again tried to prop himself up, but the whip lashed at him again. This time, it slammed against his body with more force, creating a four-meter wide crater.

"Stop!" Aila cried out as the Dryad pummeled Conan's little body while giggling.

The Dryad shot her a side-long glance as the corner of her lips curled up into a smile. She then wrapped the boy's body in her vines and held him in the air.

Conan's body was bathed in blood. His legs, and arm, were bent in different angles, which showed that they had been broken.

"Okay, let's tear this off first," The Dryad said as she used the vines to tug on Conan's remaining arm.  

Conan cried out in pain as his arm was torn off from his body.  

"Stop it!" Princess Aila pleaded.

The Dryad paid no attention to her, and continued to toy with the Familiar who was under her complete mercy.  

"Now the left leg." The Dryad chuckled. "Off you go."

Conan bit his lip until it bled. Tears streamed down his eyes as the pain wracked his body. With a chuckle, the Dryad pulled off his remaining leg, making Aila tear up.

She had seen worse things in the past, and yet, seeing it happen to a close friend of hers broke her heart.  

"In order to honor your… futile efforts of protecting these people, I will remember your name,'' Dryad said as she pulled Conan's body close to her. "Conan, is it? Well, you can die knowing that you failed miserably to protect these people. Don't worry. I will take good care of the–"

The Dryad hastily backed away as the vines that held Conan in place were hit by lightning bolts.

The familiar's bloody body fell down, but a pair of strong arms caught him mid-air.

"What… took you… so long?" Conan said softly. He could no longer see as the strength in his body slowly faded.

William patted Conan's head as he held back the anger that was burning in his chest.  

"You did well. You protected everyone," William replied as he gazed at his familiar's body that was slowly turning into particles of light. "Great job, Conan."

"Keke… I am… the great… Conan. A Myriad… Beast… is… nothing…"

A sigh of relief passed through Conan's lips as his entire body shattered in a shower of sparks. He had given everything he had, and he died knowing that everything was going to be fine.

William looked at his empty hands before shifting his attention at the Dryad who was looking back at him with contempt and ridicule.

"Another wannabe hero?" The Dryad smiled sweetly. "A Half-elf? I still don't have a Half-Elf in my collection. You will do quite nicely. Don't worry, I will give you lots of love."

William didn't say anything and simply pulled something out of his ear. His eyes never left the Dryad's pretty face as the anger in his chest slowly rose to the surface.

Not long after, a golden metallic staff that shone brightly in the sunlight appeared in his hand.

"Are those your last words?" William asked as he looked at the Dryad in front of him. The golden staff in his hand gave a metallic hum as if to answer to the Half-Elf's raging heart.  

Right now, there was only one thing in William's mind, and that was to smash the Dryad's pretty face, until it turned into meat paste.  


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 755: The Next Time You Reincarnate, Make Sure To Live A Better LifeChapter 755: The Next Time You Reincarnate, Make Sure To Live A Better LifeChapter 755: The Next Time You Reincarnate, Make Sure To Live A Better Life
Chapter 755

The smile on the Dryad's face immediately stiffened after the Half-Elf in front of her released a terrifying aura.

Earlier, she sensed that the newcomer's strength posed no threat to her. Very few individuals could threaten her because she was a very intelligent creature. If there was someone that far surpassed her level of strength, she would immediately migrate to another territory, and lie-low for a short time before resuming her activities.

This was how she managed to reach the Myriad Rank, in the span of just a hundred years. Now, there was a creature in front of her that posed a threat to her existence, and the teasing expression on her face disappeared completely.

"Take them away," William ordered.  

After giving out his order, a portal appeared behind him. Psoglav, the Demonic Dog that had accompanied William for a long time, had finally entered the Millennial Rank.  

The Demonic Dog wasted no time and summoned dark whips to grab the paralyzed people on the ground. It made sure to knock them unconscious first, before taking them back to the Thousand Beast Domain.  

William was planning to go all out, so he couldn't guarantee their safety. It would be best for them to sleep inside his Domain until the battle was over. This would also prevent the Dryad from using them as hostages against him.

"Sweep away all adversaries!" William roared. "Ruyi Jingu Bang!"

The golden staff grew until it was over a dozen meters long and slammed towards the Dryad without showing any mercy.

The Dryad stood in place, motionless even after the staff had smashed her body to pieces. The attack also created a big crater where the Dryad once stood.

A kilometer away from the battlefield, a giant flower sprouted from the ground. The Dryad had used a substitute in order to fool her opponent into thinking that they had slain her.  

She was not a battle junkie, and always prioritized her safety above others. Over the years, she had created various substitutes inside the forest and the nearby surrounding areas. In times of danger, she would swap locations with these substitutes in order to escape from her stronger opponents.

'I guess it is time for me to migrate to another territory,' the Dryad thought. 'Too bad. I was starting to like this place.'

Just as she was about to quietly leave, her instinct told her that death was right behind her back.  

A second later, a gigantic golden staff descended from the heavens and turned her body to meat paste.

—-

Deep inside a mountain not far from the forest…

A giant flower appeared inside a cavern. The moment the flower bloomed the Dryad collapsed on the ground, and spat a mouthful of green blood.

This was the hiding place that she had painstakingly prepared as a last resort. The moment she felt that danger was approaching her, she didn't hesitate and swapped with another substitute.  

However this time, she wasn't able to leave unscathed and suffered internal injuries.

"That brat! How dare he!" The Dryad cursed out loud as she wiped the green blood on her lips. "Just you wait, when I break through another realm, I'll come to find you and tear you to pieces!"

  The Dryad was very irritated by the sudden turn of events. Earlier, she thought that it was her lucky day because several high-quality seed beds had entered her domain. It was very rare for her to find ladies with powerful magical and spiritual energies that could be used as nurseries.

The Dryad had grown stronger after absorbing the seeds that had matured inside their bodies. She would repeat the process over, and over, until the ladies' magical and spiritual powers ran out.  

When the Dryad saw Princess Aila, she felt a very strong life energy inside her body. If she were able to capture her, the Dryad would be able to acquire a vessel that could serve as a rechargeable battery.  

Unfortunately, a hindrance appeared and her initially good day had been completely ruined.

"Fortunately, I placed my mark on that girl's body," the Dryad muttered as she tried to calm herself. "If an opportunity arises, I can just kidnap her and flee to a far away place."

The Dryad was about to leave the cavern when her body unconsciously shuddered. Right in front of her was a young man, with red hair, and a pair of glowing golden eyes that shone brightly in the darkness.

"Sorry, but that won't be happening under my watch." William said.  

"How?!" The Dryad couldn't believe that the person that had almost killed her twice, was now standing in front of her.

William sneered as he pointed the staff in her direction.  

Immediately, a burst of light emitted from the tip of the staff.  

"Grand Bazooka!" William roared and a powerful explosion shook the entire mountain.  

William had ordered Optimus to place a tracker on the Dryad's body as soon as he arrived at his destination. The System had warned him that Dryads were experts in running away, so it was best to place a tracker on them to ensure that they couldn't escape their pursuit.

"She sure is good at escaping." William sneered as he fused with the golden staff in his hand.

Not long after, the golden staff pierced through the mountain and headed towards the direction of the Forest, where the Dryad originally stayed.

As he neared his next destination, A giant Flower that was over thirty meters tall shone brightly in the center of the forest.

William canceled his weapon fusion, and stared at the Giant Flower. The energy levels that were being radiated by it were slowly climbing up to the middle stages of the Myriad Rank. Soon after the flower had appeared, it opened and revealed the monster within it.

"Tired of running away?" William taunted the Dryad whose face was no longer pretty.

"I'll kill you!" the Dryad shouted. Her body was now over twenty-meters tall, and her face was laced with thorns, just like a cactus.  

Several flowers grew out of her body. Inside each of them was one of the young women that she had captured ever since she had arrived in the territory.  

She knew that she was no match for William at her current level, so she decided to go all out and burn some of her life essence, which would temporarily boost her strength to the peak of the Myriad Rank.  

Although she would be greatly weakened afterwards, she still decided to take this risk. The Dryad knew that William wouldn't stop until one of them was dead, so she decided to go all out against him.

For the first time, a grim expression appeared on William's face. He was confident that he would be able to kill the Dryad, but she was currently using hostages against him.  

If he disregarded the life of others, this battle would end in his victory. However, he still hesitated about whether he should sacrifice the townspeople to kill the Dryad in front of him or not.  

There was also the issue of the duration of his Heroic Avatar. If possible, he wanted to end the battle before it ran out.  

Seeing that her plan had worked, the Dryad immediately launched a series of long range attacks at the Half-Elf who was hovering in the sky.  

Several flower vines released acid sprays in Willliam's direction, forcing William to put more distance between himself and the Dryad.  

The entire forest was like a sea of green snakes that wiggled non-stop. The Beasts that resided in it had started to flee, but the Dryad had other plans for them. The countless vines in the forest captured these beasts and devoured them, sending nourishment to the Dryad whose powers were still constantly rising.

Firming his resolve, William once again pointed his staff towards the forest and unleashed another Grand Bazooka.

The Dryad shrieked in pain as the entirety of the forest erupted in a sea of flames.

William fired several more Grand Bazooka's, with the intention of burning the entire forest. He knew that fighting a Dryad inside her home turf would pose difficulties to him. Also, he was still frantically figuring out ways he could save the girls from the Dryad's body.

The Dryad forcefully used her magical power to extinguish the flames around her. It didn't take long before the raging flames died out, but the entire area was surrounded by thick smoke, reducing the visibility of the surroundings.  

This was not a problem for William because he could use the ability of the Monkey King, Fiery Golden Eyes, that could see evil in any form.  

Just as soon as William activated this ability, he saw tens of thousands of vines headed in his direction, from the center of the smoke-filled battlefield.

Instead of backing away, William charged at the countless thorny vines that were out to shred his body to pieces. He then activated one of the skills of his Elemental Archon Job Class, which was Blaze Wing Tempest.

William's body momentarily transformed into a Phoenix and burned everything in his path. The System had given him advice on how to deal with the Dryad. However, even Optimus conceded that it was not certain whether this idea would work or not.

Still, William decided to do it. He understood that the Dryad had no intention of letting her victims go, so he decided to take a gamble.  

The Myriad Beast unleashed a barrage of acid sprays, poison sprays, vines, and energy blasts towards the Phoenix that was headed in its direction.  

When William charged as the Phoenix, he also merged with Ruyi Jingu Bang as a way to ignore most of the attacks that were headed in his direction. As William dodged the relentless assault against him, the flames of the Phoenix started to change color.

Earlier, his entire body was blazing in fiery red, now, streaks of white flames were slowly spreading on his body. William had coated the Phoenix's body with the Flames of Purification with the intention of burning the Dryad's body with it.

Although he, and Optimus didn't know if this plan would work, they had no choice but to do it. The duration of the Heroic Avatar was nearing its end, so they could only try this method once.

"Blaze Wing Tempest!" William once again activated the skill and the flames on the Phoenix's body burned with more intensity.  

The acid sprays, vines, and poison sprays, burned in a fiery blaze as they neared the purifying flames. However, the energy attacks were unaffected by it.

Fortunately, William's body had merged with a Legendary Weapon so the damage he received was minimal.  

"Nooooo!" the Dryad cried out loud as she used the flowers that housed the women as a shield, with the hope that William would cancel his terrifying attack.  

Wiliam hardened his heart as he broke past the Dryad's last attempt to save her life.

A powerful explosion erupted and it blew away the smoke that lingered over the forest. Before her entire body was engulfed by purifying flames, the Dryad glared at William who had appeared a few meters in front of her face.  

"Curse you Half-Elf!"

Her gaze contained fury, unwillingness, and regret. If only the Half-Elf hadn't appeared, her dreams of stepping into the Demigod Realm might have become a reality after a few years.

Unfortunately, there was no If.

"The next time you reincarnate, make sure to live a better life. Also, do not make me your enemy. Otherwise, you will suffer the same fate."

That was the last thing that the Dryad heard before her anger, her body, and dreams burned to ashes.

—–

Several miles away from the battlefield, a small flower bloomed at the base of a tree. Its petals had a pinkish flower, and it looked very beautiful.  

After burning the Dryad's entire body, William's mark had also disappeared alongside it. With that said, he thought that the Dryad had finally died, and her threat had ended.

He was only half right.

Currently, the beautiful flower was just an ordinary flower. It would take several years before it once again evolved and transformed into a plant type creature, whose rank would be the lowest on the food chain.  

Even so, it would retain the memories that it had in its past life. Because of this advantage, it would rapidly grow in strength and reach its former glory after several decades.  

"At least, that is what you thought would happen, right?" Elliot said as he hovered above the beautiful flower. His usual carefree attitude, and the permanent smile that was always plastered on his face could not be seen at this time.

Instead, a chilling gaze filled with killing intent landed on the beautiful flower. Perhaps it was due to Eliot's gaze, or maybe a breeze passed by it, but the flower's body started to shake.

"You messed with the wrong person." Elliot sneered as he pointed at the flower. "You shouldn't have done that to Conan."

A crisp, sizzling sound erupted from Elliot's fingertip as he blasted the flower with a lightning bolt.

The flower was burnt to a crisp, and its ashes flew in the wind, never to be seen, or heard from, ever again.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 756: Conan’s Gamble [Part 1]Chapter 756: Conan’s Gamble [Part 1]Chapter 756: Conan’s Gamble [Part 1]
Chapter 756

"Yes. everyone is safe," William said via telepathy. The gem on his chest glowed softly as he communicated with Ashe, who was still at the Academy, waiting for him. "Take everyone to the location of the dungeon, and bring Soleil with you. I will be there after I finish my business here."

"Understood. We'll wait for you at the Dungeon of the Horde," Ashe replied.

After a few more words of assurances, William ended the long distance communication and looked around him.

The entire forest was gone, replaced by a giant crater and scorched Earth that extended for over a mile.  

'In the future, this area will become a lake, and give birth to new life,' William thought. 'I better return these girls back to their villages, but first I need to ask Charmaine and the others to give them some clothes.'

When William used the Flames of Purification to burn the Dryad, he hoped that the flames wouldn't hurt the townspeople. Fortunately, his fears didn't come to pass and all the girls had been saved.  

It was quite unfortunate that the men had all been killed by the Dryad to use as fertilizer, so there was nothing that William could do about it.

He just hoped that after this incident, the town of Willowdale still had the strength to be able to move on.

"You there! You're a student from the academy, right?" a woman who seemed to be in her early thirties asked from a distance.  

William recognized her because she was one of his teachers in the Academy. The pretty woman with long brown hair was one of the combat instructors in Hestia Academy, Professor Megan. She was tasked to supervise the students on this mission, alongside Professor Garen, and ensure their safety.

Since a Professor had already accompanied Princess Eowyn's group, Professor Megan accompanied the others in search of the clues for the latest disappearance.  

The moment she felt a powerful fluctuation in the distance, she immediately ordered the students to return to the town, while she went to investigate.

When she arrived at the scene, she was immediately shocked at the battle that unfolded. Professor Megan saw William fight against a Myriad Beast until the battle was concluded, and she still couldn't believe what she saw.

If not for the fact that she recognized William's robe, that marked him as a student in Hestia Academy, she might have thought that he was one of the hidden Saints that was under their Headmaster's personal command.

"Professor Megan." William nodded his head in greeting. "Can you please send some people to help these ladies? They are very weak and unable to stand on their own. They are in dire need of rejuvenation potions to help their recovery."

"U-Undertood!" Professor Megan replied. "I'll go back to the town and ask our students, and the townspeople that we have located the missing people. Please, watch over them until I return!"

Professor Megan didn't even wait for William's reply as she left the scene in haste. Since she was a martial master, it wouldn't take her a long time to reach the town and get some help.

'Optimus, are you sure that she wasn't able to escape during our last clash?' William asked.

< The marker that I placed on her body disappeared completely after the explosion. Although I am not a hundred percent certain, the probability of the Dryad surviving that attack is very low. >

William sighed in relief because the Dryad was a very troublesome enemy. Her ability to escape by swapping her main body with a substitute was quite annoying.  

Without the System's help, their target might have escaped somewhere else, and continued to terrorize innocents after lying low for a while.  

'Now, I just have to deal with the unconscious people in my Domain,' William thought. 'I'll just wait for Professor Megan to arrive before I deal with them.'

——

When Princess Aila opened her eyes, she found herself lying on a bed in the room that she had slept in the day before.  

Magic crystals illuminated the room, and the darkness outside her window told her that it was night time.

She was still half asleep, and the gears in her head had just started to turn. The Myriad Beast's poison had a very strong paralyzing effect and a weakening effect on its victims. This deadly combination prevented the Dryad's prey from ever mounting a resistance against her, as she slowly absorbed her victims inside her body.

A minute later, the images of what transpired flashed in her memories. All the drowsiness in her head disappeared when she remembered the bloody scene that broke her heart.

"Conan!" Princess Aila immediately tried to get out of bed, but her legs collapsed under her.  

Just as her body was about to hit the floor, a powerful breeze swept under her, catching her in place.

"It's good to see that you are awake already," William said as he stood on the doorway, carrying a tray of food. "Sorry for not knocking, but I heard you shout Conan's name when I was about to knock on the door. I thought that something had happened so I opened it without permission. Are you alright, Aila?"

William moved his hand and Aila floated back on the bed.

"Sir William, what happened to Conan?" Princess Aila inquired. William could sense the anxiousness in her voice, so he decided to tell her the truth.

"Conan died," William answered. However, after seeing Aila's broken hearted expression he hurriedly continued his explanation. "But, you don't have to worry. He just needs to rest for a bit then I can summon him again before noon tomorrow."

"Are you telling me the truth?"

"Yes. So, wipe those tears on your face. Conan will be sad if he heard that you spent the night crying because of him."

William was truly surprised by Princess Aila's concern for Conan. He never thought that he would see someone react that way to the Little Devil's death.

'You've found a good friend, Conan,' William thought as he placed the tray of food on the table.

He then grabbed a chair and placed it beside Aila's bed in order to check her condition.

"Have you run a diagnostic spell on your body?" William inquired. "I did it while you were sleeping, but I didn't find anything wrong. I think it is best that you check your body first, and tell me if something seems amiss."

After William's reminder, Princess Aila closed her eyes and her body glowed briefly. Several minutes passed before a sigh escaped her lips.

"Aside from feeling a bit lethargic, everything is fine," Princess Aila replied. "This must be the after effects of the Dryad's poison."

William nodded. Optimus and him had come to the same conclusion. Princess Eowyn, Lilith, Kenneth, Pearl, and Professor Garen were in the same boat, but all they needed was rest to completely recover.

After finishing her diagnostic scan of her own body, Princess Aila stared at William with a confused expression on her face.

"Sir William, why are you here?" Princess Aila asked. "Aren't you supposed to head to the Dungeon of the Horde? Did you change your mind and choose the same mission we did?"

Princess Aila was aware of the mission that William had chosen for the Academy's Quarterly Exam. The dungeon he was planning to challenge was three days away from the academy by flying carriage, and was in the opposite direction of their mission.  

She found it strange that the Half-Elf had suddenly appeared in Willowdale, just in time to save all of them from harm.

"I-I'm not saying that I am not grateful that you appeared to save us." Princess Aila panicked when she realized that she was interrogating their savior. "I am really thankful, but, could you have arrived earlier? If so, Conan might not have suffered so much."

The corner of William's lips twitched because he could sense the traces of complaint in Princess Aila's tone.  

Even so, he also wished that he could have arrived earlier. If he did then his Little Devil wouldn't have had to suffer like he did.

"Eat first," William said as he took the tray from the table and placed it on her lap. "You will need to regain your strength before I summon Conan tomorrow."

Princess Aila nodded her head. Deep inside she was feeling guilty and ashamed. She didn't know what came over her, and said those things to William.  

She was about to apologize, but William shook his head as he pointed at the food on the tray.

"Eat. if you don't, I'll tell Conan that you are not taking care of yourself."

"… Sir William, you're a bully, aren't you?"

William rolled his eyes at the Princess who was slandering his good name.  

After the Princess finished eating, William left the room and sighed. He remembered what Optimus' had said about Conan's state when they arrived, and he hoped that the System had just made a mistake.

'I'll know when morning comes,' William once again sighed internally. 'Conan. You really did your best. I just hope that you will not take a gamble like this again in the future.'

Even if Familiars died, they could easily be summoned again after a twenty four hour cooldown. Just like the Angray Birds, they could resurrect over and over again.

However, there was an exemption. If the Familiar used 100% of its true power, they would gain great strength, but after that power faded, they would die permanently.

Even Chloee would only use 70% of her powers during battles, and would not exceed that mark.

Unfortunately, Conan had crossed that line. Although he didn't use a hundred percent of his powers, according to the System, he had used 80%. This was the thing that worried William.  

He hoped that his honest and straightforward familiar would not suffer any kind of extreme backlash from going past his limit when he summoned him the next day.  


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 757: Conan’s Gamble [Part 2]Chapter 757: Conan’s Gamble [Part 2]Chapter 757: Conan’s Gamble [Part 2]
Chapter 757

"What did you say? A Myriad Beast appeared in Willowdale?!" The Headmaster of Hestia Academy, Byron, couldn't believe the report he had received from Professor Garen and Professor Megan.

The two were talking to him using communication crystals that exclusively belonged to the Professors of the academy.

"Tell me everything that you know,' Byron ordered. "Make sure not to miss anything!"

He almost had a heart attack after hearing the Professors' emergency communication in the middle of the night.

A Myriad Beast appearing in one of their students' missions was a disastrous thing. Byron immediately became worried because several high-profiled students had been involved in the incident.  

Fortunately, William had arrived and prevented the incident from escalating. After hearing this piece of good news, Byron felt that the great pressure on his shoulders had suddenly disappeared. He was finally able to breathe a sigh of relief after knowing that the members of the Academy hadn't suffered any casualties during their expedition.

'Fine. I will no longer trouble you with what you did on Antilia Island," Byron thought as he listened to the rest of the two Professors' report.  

After a few minutes, Byron ordered them to all remain in the town while he sent the Academy's Special Forces to check the current situation. These elites would also serve as the students' escort when they returned to the academy.

—–

The next day…

"Sir William, please," Princess Aila looked at William with a pleading gaze.

The Half-Elf nodded his head as he summoned Conan.  

A magic circle appeared in the air and the Little Devil appeared in front of them.  

A smile appeared on Princess Aila's face, but it didn't last long because she noticed that something was wrong.  

As soon as Conan was summoned, the familiar fell down from the Magic Circle.

William had already prepared himself for something like this to happen, so he was able to catch Conan before he fell on the floor.

"Conan?" William asked as he took a closer look at the Devil Familiar, who had his eyes closed.

Conan's eyes fluttered before slowly opening.  

"Oh… good morning, Will, and Aila," Conan said weakly. His face was very pale, and it was obvious that it took him great effort to speak. "Um, I'm still a bit tired from yesterday. Can I sleep a little more?"

William frowned as he used a diagnostic spell on Conan who was resting on the palms of his hands. The Devil Familiar could barely keep his eyes open and soon lost consciousness.  

It was not only William who was checking Conan's current condition. Princess Aila's eyes glowed in a purplish hue as she examined her friend's condition.

< Will, Conan's parameters are dangerously low. His life hangs in the balance, so I highly recommend that you give him a powerful Rejuvenation Potion. After that, sprinkle a bottle of lesser restoration on his body to help stabilize his condition. >

'Get me the best Rejuvenation Potion from the God Shop,' William ordered. His heart shuddered when he saw Conan's current condition. Conan's life force was like the flame of a candle, swaying in the wind. A flame that could disappear at any time.

This realization had made him very anxious, so he hurriedly asked Optimus to give him the best rejuvenation that was available.  

Princess Aila also noticed how dire Conan's condition was. If not for William giving her a stern glare, she might have already grabbed Conan from his hand and used her Life Magic to forcefully help him recover.

"Calm down," William said with a serious expression on his face. He tried to keep his voice from shaking because he knew that the Princess in front of her was starting to panic, just like him.

At that moment, a small bottle of Rejuvenation Potion materialized in front of Princess Aila.  

"Let him drink it," William ordered. "Do it slowly."

Princess Aila nodded and gently poured the contents of the small bottle on Conan's lips. She did it in intervals, so that Conan would not choke. Finally, after a few minutes, the bottle had been emptied.

Next, a vial of Lesser Restoration materialized over Conan's body. Princess Aila grabbed it and gently poured its contents over Conan's body.

The Familiar's body glowed faintly as the two potions did their work. However, William was still not feeling secured so he switched his Job Class to Life Mage and used Healing Wind to help speed up Conan's recovery.

Princess Aila also did the same as she cast a healing spell on Conan. The two of them did this several times until the paleness in Conan's expression disappeared.  

They spent half an hour trying to stabilize Conan's condition. Only when Optimus could inform William that Conan's life was no longer in danger did William stop Aila from continuing to use healing magic on the unconscious Little Devil in his hand.  

"He's no longer in danger," William said with a sigh of relief. "Can you look after him for a while, Aila? I still have things to do."

Princess Aila nodded her head as William used a gentle breeze to lift Conan's body and place him in the princess' palms.

According to Optimus, Conan would recover faster if he stayed with Princess Aila. Her body was rich in life energy, and it would greatly speed up the Familiar's recovery.

Just as Wiliam was about to leave the room, a knock was heard on the door.

He then exchanged a glance with Princess Aila before opening it.

"Professor Garen told me to inform you that we will be returning to the academy in an hour," Kenneth said. "If you are finished with your preparations, please go to the flying carriage parked outside the Mayor's Residence."

"Okay," William nodded before turning around to look at Princess Aila. "Can you look after him for me? Conan only needs a few days of rest. After that, he should be fully recovered."

Princess Aila nodded. "You can count on me, Sir William. I'll make sure that no harm comes to Conan."

"Good. I still need to finish my mission so I'll be taking my leave," William stated before leaving the room. "Kenneth, tell the Professors that I'll be going to finish my own mission. I will not be returning with you guys to the academy."

"Okay." Kenneth gave Wiliam a brief nod before stepping aside to let him pass.

William walked into the hallway with a serious expression on his face. After making a right turn, he vanished, leaving no traces of his departure.

—–

A few seconds later, William reappeared inside a room holding Soleil in his right hand.  

"How is he?" a voice filled with concern asked William from his left side.  

"His life is no longer in danger," William replied as he turned to look at Elliot who was hovering beside him. "Aila is currently taking care of him. He will recover faster by her side."

The Angelic Familiar patted his chest as he breathed a sigh of relief. He was really worried about his twin, and he had been awake throughout the night, trying to discern his condition.

However, Elliot's clairvoyance was an ability that he couldn't control. It could let him see glimpses of the future at random times, but he couldn't use it to target specific persons.

William gently patted Elliot's shoulder with his finger as he faced his wives who were looking at him with concern.

"Let's go," William said softly. "Let's clear this dungeon."

In order to strengthen his Familiars and get to that next stage, William would need to acquire the Dungeon Core Essence needed to upgrade his Familiamancer Job Class and further strengthen his Familiars.

William hoped that once he had reached the highest level limit of his Prestige Class, his Familiars would not have the need to gamble with their lives ever again.  


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 758: Are You Ready For Round Two?Chapter 758: Are You Ready For Round Two?Chapter 758: Are You Ready For Round Two?
Chapter 758

Dungeon of the Horde, this was a Dungeon that was on the outskirts of the Empire that was ruled by the Amazons, Ares Empire.

This was why William had kept his destination a secret from a certain Amazon Princess.  

He knew that once Lilith became aware of his Dungeon expedition, she would immediately inform her mother to send some people to try and capture William as he dove into the dungeon.

William wasn't afraid of a bunch of Amazon Warriors who were planning to kidnap him. However, in order to prevent variables from getting in his way, he decided to keep his destination a secret.

The Dungeon of the Horde was the stronghold of the Orcs.  

They were a savage, humanoid race that possessed strength that far surpassed ordinary Humans.  

This race in particular liked battles. They specialized in group warfare, and their brutish attacks against all the other races had earned them the moniker Warmongers.

Because of this, no one dared to build any towns, cities, or any kinds of settlement within a ten-mile radius of their territory.

However, these same Savage Orcs were now running for their lives, as a horde of monsters invaded their domain.

"Don't run! We are your friends!" B1 shouted as the lollipops in its claws shot multiple magic missles at the retreating orcs.  

Although one magic missile was not enough to kill them, it was strong enough to blast them away, and give them serious injuries.

"B1 sure is enjoying himself," Chiffon said as she jogged while holding bacon in her hands.

"Right," Ian agreed as she jogged beside William. "B1 seems to be venting out his frustration on the Orcs. I wonder why?"

Ian then glanced at William who was running beside them, while carrying Princess Sidonie in his arms.

The Princess wasn't a warrior, so her stamina when it came to running wasn't the best. Because of this, William decided to carry her as they did a speedrun inside the dungeon. Their goal was not to kill every monster they saw, but to get to the 70th Floor as soon as possible.

With Elliot, Zhu, Sha, B1, and B2, leading the charge to scare the monsters, their progress had increased significantly.

Right now, they were on the 30th Floor of the Dungeon.  

The adventurers, mercenaries, and even students of Hestia Academy who had seen William's group were dumbfounded by the strategy that they were using.  

William and the rest would only fight when they arrived at Boss Floors. On regular floors they would just fight when a battle was unavoidable, but due to their current strength, the battles ended right away.

Compared to the Dungeon of Atlantis, the Dungeon of the Horde was nothing.  

It didn't take long before their group arrived at the 50th Floor.

William only stood off to the side as his party faced the Orc Chieftain and its minions.

The Orc Chieftain was a Millennial Ranked Beast, and it was guarded by four Centennial Ranked Orc Warriors.

In the past, William would certainly choose to run away from such powerful monsters. Now, he could easily defeat them with the current power he possessed.

Right now, he wanted his wives to get used to fighting against strong monsters, in preparation for the future. Chiffon and Ian had already experienced fighting against strong enemies, but Princess Sidonie was not as proficient as them in battle.

Because of this, William decided to let her fight alongside the others, so that she wouldn't overly rely on Morgana, when her life was in danger.

The beautiful Succubus floated in the air as she hurled purple fireballs at the Orc Warriors. Although her attacks were a bit clumsy, she was slowly getting used to fighting while using her Succubus powers.

"Are you sure that they don't need any help?," Zhu inquired as he rubbed his chin. "Chiffon and Ian are able to fight the Orc Warriors, but Sidonie is having a hard time controlling her powers."

"No need," William replied. "She will get the hang of it in time."

Sha, who had his arms crossed over his chest, nodded his head. "Great things start from small beginnings. Even so, this brings me back when we were still in the Celestial Army. Usually, when monsters would wreak havoc on mankind, the Jade Emperor would send us on expeditions to clear them out.  

"The majority of the Beasts we encountered were led by Centennial and Millennial Ranked Creatures. They were quite troublesome since they numbered in the thousands."

While the three were discussing the Expeditions of the Celestial Army, Chiffon and Ian had just defeated their opponents. Princess Sidonie, on the other hand, was still fighting against the Orc Warrior assigned to her.

"You can do it, Sidonie!" Chiffon cheered.

"Beat that Orc Warrior!" Ian supported her friend as well.

Princess Sidonie redoubled her efforts as she channeled her energy and fired a barrage of fireballs at the Orc, giving it no chance to evade.

Half a minute later, the charred body of the Orc Warrior finally fell.  

Princess Sidonie landed on the ground and panted. She had long been used to giving orders to others, so her physical prowess was not her strong point.

The only time her physical prowess shone through was during her night battles with William!

"Good Job to the three of you," William said as he approached his wives. "Do you girls still have the strength to fight against that Millennial Beast over there?"

William pointed at the Orc Chieftain who was roaring in anger at the annoying creatures that were toying around with it.  

"Yes!" Chiffon said as she unequipped her Devourer's Gauntlets. This time a brilliant flash of light appeared and the "Smasher of Thousands" appeared in her hands.

"Let's go, Sharur!" Chiffon stated as she ran towards the Orc Chieftain.

"Leave it to me," Sharur replied. "I'll smash that Orc to oblivion."

Ian summoned her sword whip and ran after Chiffon. She also wanted to challenge the Orc Chieftain and see how she fared against Millennial Beasts."

William chuckled as he patted Princess Sidonie's shoulder. "How about you? Are you ready for Round Two?"

Princess Sidonie rolled her eyes before flapping her batlike wings to join the fray.  

She had heard about what happened to Princess Eowyn, Lilith, Princess Aila, Kenneth, and Pearl. If possible, she didn't want to become a helpless damsel in distress and be saved every time she was in danger.

Just like the others, the Princess of Freesia also wanted to fight alongside William. Because of this, she decided to participate in the Dungeon Expedition in order to get used to fighting against strong monsters.

Although she didn't mind always being saved by William, she didn't want to become a burden to him, especially when it came to critical moments.

A few minutes later, the dying shriek of the Orc Chieftain resounded inside the Boss Room. After getting the treasure chests, and beast cores, the group once again continued their descent to the lower floors of the dungeon.

Their target was the 70th Floor, and according to William's estimates, it would still take them a day before they fully conquered the Dungeon that held great importance to the Familiamancer's Job Advancement.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 759: You Call THAT A Perfect Being?Chapter 759: You Call THAT A Perfect Being?Chapter 759: You Call THAT A Perfect Being?
Chapter 759

Muspelheim was the land of the Fire Demons, Giants, and other sinister monsters, whose fiery temperament had led to the destruction of many worlds in the multiverse.

They were the World Destroyers that were led by one of the Gods of Destruction, Surtr. Currently this frightening being was bathing in lava, inside the giant volcano that was located in the center of the planet.

"Your Excellency, the battle that is being waged on the World of Fuma, is about to come to an end," A Fire Demon who was four meters tall said in a respectful tone. "Our warriors are victorious and have successfully destroyed the World Core. The planet has started to collapse on itself, and it is only a matter of time before all life inside it will be given eternal rest."

"Good," Surtr replied. "Any news about the expedition teams that we dispatched to the other worlds?"

"To answer Excellency's question, All three thousand exploration groups have long departed Muspelheim and Jotunheim. The majority of them have already arrived at the worlds that were assigned to them and are currently battling against the denizens of those worlds."

The Fire Demon lowered its head. "Some of them had activated their Destroyer Beacons to ask for assistance."

"How many?"

"Around three hundred and thirty, Your Excellency."

Surtr stood up from the lava and walked out of the crater of the Volcano. He then grabbed his helmet, and donned his armor. Raising his hand, a giant flaming sword appeared, immolating Surtr's body in a cloak of flames.

"Tell my Destroyer Legion to prepare for an invasion," Surtr ordered.  

The Fire Demon bowed his head before leaving the scene.  

Surtr took giant strides as he headed towards the direction of the Void Gate. As the God of Destruction, his sole purpose was to destroy worlds.  

"I just hope that these resisting worlds will entertain me," Surtr muttered as he looked at the Giant Gate that would lead him to the worlds that were resisting their invasion.

Soon, the sounds of battlehorns reached his ears.  

Surtr allowed a chuckle to escape his lips as he turned around to see his mighty army.

Billions of Giants, Fire Demons, Trolls, and other Monsters roared in unison. With just a glance, Surtr could see the excitement on their faces.  

"To war!" Surtr roared.

""To War!""

With a domineering laugh filled with confidence, the God of Destruction stepped into the Void Gate. Not long after, the Army of World Destroyers followed suit.

Within the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, the Jade Emperor shook his head.  

"Another world is about to be destroyed," the Jade Emperor said as he sighed in his heart. "I pity those who will come face to face with this army. With Surtr personally leading them, all hope is lost. What do you think?"

The Emperor of the Celestial Realm glanced at the Monkey King who was busy picking his nose.

"I think they should take a vacation," Sun Wukong said after flicking the filth in his hand away, which landed on the Jade Emperor's Wine Cup.

The corner of the Jade Emperor's lips twitched when he saw what had transpired. He then raised his hand and ordered his steward to replace the cup that had been soiled by the Monkey King's lack of manners.

"Okay, let's set aside those World Destroyers for the time being," the Jade Emperor stated. "Tell me. What is your excuse for taking Zhu and Sha to that boy's world?"

"Excuse? What are you talking about?"

"Are you playing dumb with me? I am asking you why you agreed to help Zhu and Sha? You already know that I planned to let them reincarnate in a better world, and not a world that is about to be destroyed!"

The Jade Emperor slammed his fist on the armrest of his throne. Thunder rumbled in the heavens, and lightning flashed in the sky. Clearly, he was very displeased by Sun Wukong's meddlesome actions, which had ruined his plan for his two loyal subordinates.

Sun Wukong was unfazed by the Jade Emperor's actions. He didn't fear anyone, even if that person was one of the Strongest Gods in existence.  

"Have you heard of that famous saying 'Man proposes, God disposes?'" Sun Wukong asked back in a teasing tone. "This saying means that Mortals can make any plans they want, but it's God that decides their success or failure."

The Monkey King lazily laid on his back as he took out one of the peaches that were in his pocket. He then rubbed it on his robe before blowing at it.

"If Mortals knew that the Gods whom they prayed to were not omnipotent, I wonder what they would think?" Sun Wukong eyed the Jade Emperor before taking a bite at the peach in his hand.  

"We. Are. Omnipotent."

"Yeah? Then if you are omnipotent, why can't you prevent me from smuggling two demons to a world that is about to be destroyed? Doesn't this contradict your statement?"

The Jade Emperor snorted. "You took advantage of the fact that I was handling important business when you smuggled the two of them to that world."

"Which proved my case. You are not omnipotent."

"Sophism!"

The Monkey King chuckled as he took another bite on the peach in his hand.

"Sophism? I call this incompetence. Do you really think of Gods as perfect beings?"

"Yes."

The Monkey King Snorted and pointed at the God of Lolicons who was currently running away from the FBI God.  

"You call THAT a Perfect Being?" Sun Wukong sneered.

The Jade Emperor lightly cleared his throat. "New Generation Gods are not included in this discussion. They're a bunch of…"

"A bunch of?"

"A bunch of, you know!"

"I don't." Sun Wukong shook his head. He then stood up and started to walk away from the Jade Palace. "I guess it is about time for you to re-evaluate yourself, and make your stance on this matter. Don't think you can fool anyone with what you are trying to do in the background."

Sun Wukong somersaulted in the air and disappeared. However, the mocking words that followed echoed across the sky, reaching the Jade Emperor who was seated on his heavenly throne.

"Most of the things worth doing in the world have been declared IMPOSSIBLE, before they were done. People who say it cannot be done should just roll over to the side, and not interrupt those who are doing it."  

The Jade Emperor shook his head as if to ignore the Monkey King's words.  

"Stupid monkey," the Jade Emperor muttered.. There was a hint of sadness on his face as he gazed in the world that was about to meet its end. "Who said that I didn't try?"


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 760: I See. So, You Are Just His Friend.Chapter 760: I See. So, You Are Just His Friend.Chapter 760: I See. So, You Are Just His Friend.
Chapter 760

Several days passed, and the students of Hestia Academy were busy doing quest after quest, in order to raise their evaluation before the Assessment Test was over.

Of course, there were a few exceptions to this rule.

Princess Eowyn, Princess Aila, Lilith, Kenneth, and Pearl, were put under house arrest. The Headmaster had told them that there was no need for them to do any missions because the Myriad Beast incident was already enough for all of them to pass the evaluation.

Although Princess Eowyn didn't mind accepting the Headmaster's decision, Lilith argued that she didn't do anything of merit when the Myriad Beast exposed itself.

In fact, the Amazon Princess insisted that they were saved by William, so their mission didn't count. However, her attitude did a 180 degree turn when the Headmaster gave her a hundred thousand Merit Points as compensation.  

She even praised the Headmaster for being wise before going to the Academy's Exchange Department to cash out her merit points and purchase some of the Unique Equipment and artifacts that were stored in the Academy's treasury.

Inside the Girl's Dormitory…

Claire was looking at Conan who was sleeping on a cushy pillow inside Princess Aila's room.  

The Little Devil had been sleeping for several days already, but Claire knew that his life wasn't in danger. Princess Aila had made sure to inject his body with Life Magic on a regular basis, to hasten his recovery.

When Claire heard the news about Conan's incident, she immediately went to see the Devil Familiar to confirm for herself if the news were true or not.

As a Progenitor Familiar, Claire was able to detect the abnormalities that had happened in Conan's body. She had seen this before once, when Chloee stupidly went past her 70% limit, during her fight against the strongest Demigod of Hestia, Tarasque.

As Claire watched over the sleeping Conan, the door of the room opened and Princess Aila appeared, carrying a small bottle in her hand. It was a rejuvenation potion that she had exchanged some of the Merit Points she had received from their mission for.

"His condition is already stable," Claire said. "You don't have to use that rejuvenation potion on him. Even if you did, he would still remain unconscious for a few more days."

Princess Aila frowned, but she still opened the cork of the rejuvenation potion, and gently placed it over Conan's lips.

Claire sighed, but she didn't keep the angelic looking lady from taking action on her desire to help Conan recover faster.

Only when the bottle was emptied did Claire move towards Conan, and placed her hand over his chest. She was checking to see if there were any changes. Princess Aila did the same, and for a few minutes, silence descended inside the room.

Suddenly, Claire looked up at Princess Aila. Their gazes met and the corner of Claire's lips curled up into a smile.

"What is your relationship with him?" Claire asked.  

"Conan is my Best Friend," Princess Aila replied. "How about you? What is your relationship with him?"

"I am his…," Claire pondered for a brief moment before finishing her sentence. "I am his Good Friend."

The two ladies eyed each other before coming to an understanding.  

"I see. So, you are just his Friend."

"Right. A Friend. Just like you."

Suddenly, a soft sigh escaped Conan's lips. One of the fingers in his hand twitched, and this movement caught Princess Aila and Claire's attention.

The Little Devil's eyes started to flutter, but it soon returned to its normal state. Soon, the breathing of a deep sleeper reached the two ladies' ears. A trace of disappointment appeared on their faces because they thought that Conan was about to wake up.

Sadly, the Familiar was still in deep sleep, and seemed to be dreaming about something. This was the conclusion the two ladies had because Conan would mutter things from time to time, but his words were either too low, or too jumbled to be understood.

They had already done what they could.

Now, the only thing that they had to do was wait.

—–

High above the Kyrintor Mountains…

"Your Excellency, are you leaving already?" Takam asked.

Ella nodded her head. "Yes. The threat has been dealt with, and our world is safe for the time being. I plan to go to the Central Continent to reunite with William."

"Then, is there something else that I can do for you?"

"No, but, please, prepare for what is to come in the future. We need all the help we can get."

Takam nodded his head in understanding. "Understood. I will do my best."

Ella smiled and walked down the Kyrintor Mountains along with the members of the Angorian War Sovereign.

Although she said that she planned to go to the Central Continent to see William, she still needed to meet up with a few people before going on her journey to reunite with William.

Her first stop would be to visit Lont. After that, she would go and see Wendy and Est.  

She had long recognized them as William's lovers, so she thought that it was necessary to tell them a few things about what would happen in the future.

'I haven't been keeping track of how many lovers William has at the moment,' Ella thought. 'So, there is Wendy, Est, Ashe, and that Princess from Freesia. That makes it four out of nine. It has been several months since I've seen him. Is it possible that the number of his wife candidates has increased?'

A rare pouting expression appeared on Ella's face as she thought of the red-headed teenager who was far away from her reach.

'Well, I'll find out soon enough,' Ella thought as she led the way down the Kyrintor Mountains. The pout on her face disappeared and was replaced by a mischievous smile.

'I wonder how he will react when he sees me?' Ella mused. 'Maybe it's still too early. I guess I'll stay in my former form when I meet him. It will not be too late to let him see my true form after I assess the situation.'

The goats following behind her were also thinking of the same thing. They had been with William since they were born, and they were also excited to show him their evolved forms.  

Takam watched them go from on top of his castle and sighed internally.

'Uncertainty is the most stressful thing,' Takam thought. 'Still, the only thing that is certain is that nothing is certain. Perhaps a miracle will happen.'

The Demigod of the Kyrintor Mountains shook his head as he returned inside his castle.. He knew that thinking of the future was useless, for it would come soon enough.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 761: The Thorns Of The Crimson Rose [Part 1]Chapter 761: The Thorns Of The Crimson Rose [Part 1]Chapter 761: The Thorns Of The Crimson Rose [Part 1]
Chapter 761

63rd floor Dungeon of the Horde…

"Everyone rest for a while," a tall lady with tanned skin said with a smile. "We will resume our dungeon exploration in three hours and head to the 64th Floor."

The tall lady's name was Millis. She was the leader of the adventurer party known as Crimson Rose. She was one of the best warriors of the Ares Empire that was ruled by the Amazons.  

Since the Dungeon of the Horde was within their borders, several hunting parties from the Ares Empire would frequently visit this dungeon, to collect materials, treasure chests, and beast cores.

"Leader, how far will we go this time?" an Amazon with short hair, that made her look like a pretty boy, asked.

Millis pondered for a bit before giving her answer. They had been challenging this particular dungeon for the past few months and this was the farthest floor that they had stepped on. Usually, their base of operation was only around the 59th Floor, but due to her group's improvement they had decided to challenge the boss on the 60th Floor.

The battle on their current floor had been intense, but due to their amazing teamwork, they had been able to beat the three Millennial Bosses, and their Six Centennial minions.

Millis was a Black Ranked Warrior. Her strength was just a rank away from becoming a Saint. This was why Empress Andraste held her in high regard.  

"We will just check to see how strong the monsters on the 64th Floor are," Millis replied. "If we can't handle them, we will end our expedition and return to the Empire."

"Finally! I'm sick and tired of looking at these orcs."

"I know, right? Aren't there any beautiful ladies around?"

"It's quite unfortunate that we only see our fellow Amazons among these parts. I really want to hug a delicate looking beauty and shower her with kisses."

"I miss Lilith. Last time, she promised that she would give me a kiss if we could clear the 60th Floor. Hahaha! Now that we've done it, I can cash in on our promise!"

"What? No fair! I should have also asked her!"

Millis shook her head helplessly. She also wanted to end their expedition and visit the nearby city in order to play around with the beauties that were waiting for her return. She, too, was tired of looking at orcs all day long.

Among the high-ranking adventurer parties, the Crimson Rose was well-known for their strength and their desire for beautiful women.  

This unique taste of theirs gave Empress Andrate a headache, because instead of looking for strong men, the Crimson Rose would rather seduce women and tumble in the sheets with them.

"Leader, I can sense some people coming," an Amazon with long brown hair reported as she reached for her weapon. She was the scout of their party and her senses were the most sensitive among the group.  

"How many are they?" Millis asked as she held her two swords, one in each hand.

"I can hear five pairs of footsteps," the scout reported. She had pressed her ear on the ground, in order to know how many enemies they were dealing with.

"Get ready for battle," Millis ordered. "Anyone who is able to reach this far are no amateurs."

The members of the Crimson Rose nodded their heads in agreement. All of them held their weapons firmly in their hands, ready to attack at Millis' command.

Her party was composed of seven people, and all of them were seasoned fighters. Getting attacked inside the dungeon by people was very common. Crimson Rose had done the same things several times. This was a world where the strong preyed on the weak, and this was a law that all Amazons adhered to.

If their opponent was strong, they would just run. If their opponents were weak then they would see whether their party could take advantage of the people who had arrived on the same floor as them.  

It didn't take long before they saw the people that their scout had sensed earlier. Although there was still some distance between them, they were able to appraise their opponents from afar.

"Three men, and two ladies," the short haired tomboy's eyes widened in surprise. Soon, a smile appeared on her lips as her gaze landed on Princess Sidonie's seductive face and body.

"Leader, I guess today is our lucky day," the long-haired scout smiled as she took out arrows whose tips were dipped with a strong poison that was meant to paralyze her victims.

Millis took a deep breath when she saw Princess Sidonie.  

She had seen many beautiful women before, but the young lady in front of her had far surpassed those that she had seen so far.  

'She's even more beautiful than Lilith,' Millis thought. She couldn't take her eyes off the girl that had long, reddish-brown hair, and eyes that fanned the desires that were starting to surface in her chest.

"Leader, look at the little girl beside her," one of her members said. "She's so adorable! Can I take her home?"

Due to her subordinate's words, Millis forcefully tore her gaze away from the seductive beauty and focused her attention on the pink-haired girl who was radiating an innocence that made her heart melt.

For her, both ladies had unique temperaments which highlighted their charms. One was a seductive beauty that could bring the downfall of a nation, the other a small fairy whom they couldn't help but want to hug and protect.

Both girls were irresistible, and Millis and her group had already made up their minds to take them back to the Ares Empire with them.

William's group stopped their advance and looked at the pretty girls with tanned skin, who were all looking at Princess Sidonie and Chiffon. The desire in their eyes was pretty evident, which made William raise an eyebrow.

"Sidonie, did you use your charm on them?" William inquired.

Princess Sidonie shook her head. "No. You know that I stopped doing that long ago. The only one I want to charm is you. Still, these girls are not normal. The stares that they're giving me are the same as those lustful men who want to eat me up."

"Will, why are they looking at me like that?" Chiffon asked. She was someone that had suffered many hardships in the past, so she was quite sensitive to people staring at her.

"Maybe they want to eat you up as well just like Sidonie," William chuckled as he patted Chiffon's head. "Don't worry. I'll handle them.

William stepped forward and blocked the gazes of the Amazons who were staring at his wives.  

"Friends, we are just passing by," William said with a smile. "Can you please, step aside and let us pass?"

Millis frowned as she gazed at the red-headed teenager who seemed to be the leader of this group of people. She appraised him from head to foot before giving her answer.

"You want to pass? Sure. But, leave the two ladies behind," Millis said. "Don't worry. As long as you do that, I promise that my sisters and I will not cause any trouble for you. We're very good at dealing with ladies. They will be treated with great love and care. Aren't I right, sisters?"

The Amazons giggled as they nodded their heads. Although they didn't mind taking the initiative to fight against William's group and take the ladies by force, they still decided to talk things out in a civil manner.

"Some people just don't know when to back down unless they get beaten to a pulp," William replied as he shook his head. "Can't we all just mind our own businesses and get along? Why must we make things difficult for each other? I really don't have time to deal with third-rate villains."

Millis chuckled as she unleashed her aura. "Third-rate villains? Good. I'll show you what these third rate villains could do. Sisters, let's go!"

Zhu, who was standing behind the group, walked past William. Since he was standing behind Sha, none of the girls had been able to see him.  

Among all of them, his temper was the shortest, so when the Amazons refused to talk like civilized people, he decided to take care of them himself.

Summoning his nine-toothed rake, Zhu stood in front of William's party like an immovable mountain, ready to smash the Amazons who were planning to make trouble for them.

However, the moment he appeared, the Amazon Party stopped in their tracks and looked at Zhu with shock.

"L-Leader!"

"C-Calm down. Don't do anything stupid!"

Millis raised his hand to stop her party's advance. All of their eyes were locked on Zhu's chubby body, which made their hearts skip a beat.

"S-Sir, may I know your esteemed name?" Millis asked as she tried to calm her wildly beating heart.  

She had never felt this way before, but the moment she laid her eyes on Zhu, she felt that the world had suddenly become more colorful.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 762: The Thorns Of The Crimson Rose [Part 2]Chapter 762: The Thorns Of The Crimson Rose [Part 2]Chapter 762: The Thorns Of The Crimson Rose [Part 2]
Chapter 762

Zhu looked at the Amazons in front of him with contempt.  

"You want to know this Sir's name? Fine. I will tell you," Zhu rested the nine-toothed rake on his shoulder before raising his chin in arrogance. "I am Zhu. Remember it and remember it well."

"Zhu? His name is so manly!"

"Hah… such a well rounded belly. It makes me want to rest my head on it while I sleep."

"Those meaty arms… how good it must feel to be embraced by them?"

"Those chubby legs… his thighs must be thicc. I like!"

"Sisters, remember the tradition. We're going to draw lots who gets to do it with him first. Same old rule, okay?"

""Okay!""

William looked at the crazy girls whose pupils had turned to hearts while looking at Zhu.

Dafuk? Are these girls monkeys in heat?

Sensing that something was amiss, William stepped forward and stood between Zhu and the Amazons, blocking their views.

This immediately put a scowl on the Amazons' faces and all of them glared at William.  

"Ladies, we're in a bit of a hurry, so can you all step aside and let us pass?" William asked.

Millis looked at William in contempt as she pointed straight at his face. "Shut up ugly. We're not interested in you. If you want to go then go."

"That's right! No one is asking you to stay. If you want to go then scram!"

"Still here? We already said that you can go. What is this? You want us to notice you so badly? Sorry, we have high standards. A snot-nosed Half-Elf like you can just roll over to the side!"

A series of curses followed suit which made B1, who was perched on Chiffon's shoulder, look at the girls with appreciation. If the dumb bird had fingers, it would had already given the Amazons a thumbs up.

"U-Ugly? Me? You're calling me ugly?" William couldn't believe that someone dared to call him ugly. He looked at the crazy Amazons and wondered if they had some eye problems.

Millis spat on the ground. "What? Not convinced? What's so good about you? Just look at your hair? Do you think having red hair makes you look good? Compared to that red bird over there, you are nothing!"

William glanced at B1, and the dumb bird glanced back at him. The Half-Elf was surprised to see the disdainful gaze that B1 was giving him.

B1 then shifted his attention to the girls and began to nag at them. He felt insulted to be compared to William.  

"Excuse me? Don't lump me up with him. Only his head is red, while I'm red all over!" B1 said with contempt.

"Sorry Mr. Bird. I was in the wrong. I apologize for comparing him to someone as magnificent as you."

"As long as you understand then I forgive you. Just make sure not to do it again in the future."

Millis then stared back at William with a haughty expression on your face.  

"Compared to Sir Zhu, you're too skinny. Do you think that girls will like someone like you?" Millis chuckled. She then moved her gaze to William's lower half to appraise it.

The other Amazons did the same. Although they liked beautiful women, that didn't mean that they didn't have any standards when it came to men. They knew that someday they would have to birth strong warriors to continue the bloodline of the Amazon Race.

Because of this, their standards when it came to men were more unique, compared to their other sisters.  

Half a minute later, all the Amazons chuckled. Some of them covered their lips and giggled, while Millis roared in laughter. They would look at William's lower half from time to time only to laugh again.

"What's that? A little snake? Can he even satisfy the ladies with that?"

"Sister, the snakes will be insulted if you compare them to that thing. At most, it's just a worm."

"That's not just an ordinary worm. It's a little worm. Seriously, no woman will appreciate that kind of thing!"

"Ewww! No thanks!"

Millis stopped laughing and looked at William with a pitiful gaze.

"It's quite unfortunate that you were born with such a little thing," Millis commented before shifting her attention to Zhu's lower half. The Amazons did the same and all of their eyes sparkled in delight.

"As expected of Sir Zhu. He is a Dragon amongst men!"

"Such a strong, and sturdy… I can't wait to…. Hehehe."

"Sis, can you let me give it a try first?"

"If I can ride that thing, I can die happy."

William's face twitched as he heard the Amazon's non-stop praises of Zhu. He was about to argue with them when he felt someone tugging on her clothes.  

The Half-Elf glanced at the adorable pink-haired girl who was looking up at him with a smile.

"Will, don't worry. I love your little worm." Chiffon said with an innocent tone.

The moment the Amazons heard it, all of them laughed out loud, which made William almost spit a mouthful of blood. They even praised Chiffon for being honest, the Amazons' jeers were like sharp arrows that pierced William's heart.  

The damage he received from this short exchange of words was stronger than the attack of a Myriad Beast.  

Princess Sidonie's and Ian's bodies shook as they desperately covered their lips to prevent themselves from laughing out loud. They had never seen William so distraught before and it tickled their  hearts.  

Although they knew that the Amazons were just exaggerating things, they couldn't stop themselves from chuckling due to how confused and wronged William's expression was.  

It was very rare to see her husband with that kind of look on her face, which made the two beautiful ladies feel more attached to him.

< Darling is so cute! I want to make love to him tonight! >

'Yes. Let's do that.' Princess Sidonie agreed. 'Let's heal his heart, and make him fall in love with us all over again.'

'So, William has this cute side to him as well,' Ian thought. 'It's a shame that Est isn't able to see it right now.'

Zhu felt that something was wrong with William, so he asked Sha to take William to the side. He was not aware that the mental damage that the Half-Elf had received had made William question the meaning of life.

"Let my comrades pass and I'll fight with all of you for two hundred rounds!" Zhu declared. "Don't worry. I promise that I will show you girls mercy."

Millis and the Amazons looked at Zhu with sparkling eyes when they heard his declaration.

"T-Two hundred rounds! Did he just say two hundred rounds?!"

"I think my hips will be dislocated with that number, but it sounds exciting!"

"I knew that he is a man among men, a dragon amongst dragons, but to think that he wants all of us to have two hundred rounds with him, he sure has guts!"

Millis had an impatient look on her face as she glanced in William's direction.

"Oi! All of you can pass," Millis stated. She was afraid that Zhu would take back his words if she didn't allow William and his groups to go past them. "Can't you all hurry up? Stop wasting our time!"

The Amazons even approached William's group and hurriedly pulled the Half-Elf, Princess Sidonie, Chiffon, Ian, and Sha along.

Clearly, they were raring to go and fight Zhu for two hundred rounds. None of them thought that they would feel this much attraction to a guy and they planned to wring him dry.

However, for that to happen, William's group must leave so that no one would interrupt the great battle that was about to unfold.  

After William's group had disappeared from their line of sight, the Amazons hurriedly attacked Zhu.

The mighty Demonic General of the Celestial Realm sneered as he prepared himself to fight one against seven. He was confident that no matter what tricks the girls used on him, he wouldn't lose no matter what.

"Oi! Why are you taking my belt?!"

"Woman! Stop pulling my pants!"

"Why are you girls stripping?! Fight me seriously!"

"Dammit! Woman, just where do you think you're touching?!"

Zhu's angry roars reverberated inside the Dungeon Floor, but the Amazons didn't care one bit about his plight.. They even became more excited as they fought the mighty warrior 'seriously' with all of their might.  


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 763: Will You Reward Me As Well?Chapter 763: Will You Reward Me As Well?Chapter 763: Will You Reward Me As Well?
Chapter 763

"Big Brother, will Zhu really be fine?" Chiffon asked.  

She was walking hand in hand with William, and was still unaware that her innocent words earlier had almost made her husband spit a mouthful of blood.

"His sacrifice will not be in vain," William replied. "He will not be forgotten."

"Big Brother… Zhu is still alive."

"Well, after two hundred rounds, he might just re-enter the cycle of reincarnation."

Princess Sidonie who was holding onto William's arm giggled as she covered her seductive lips with her right hand.  

"You've been giggling non-stop ever since we left Zhu behind," William commented. "Do you want me to call you Gigglypuff?"

"Don't be like that, Darling." Morgana playfully batted her eyes on him. "Don't worry. Those Amazons don't know how well-endowed you are. I am the Sin of Lust, I guarantee that Little Will is a dragon amongst dragons."

William snorted, but his wife's words calmed his heart. Although he knew that the words of the Amazons were not true, it was still difficult to not be affected after being ridiculed to that extent.  

"After we clear this dungeon, I'll reward you for your honesty," William said as he kissed Morgana's forehead.

Morgana smiled and nodded her head. "I can't wait."

"Will, how about me?" Chiffon asked. "Will you reward me as well?"

"Okay." William lightly squeezed Chiffon's hand. He had already planned to 'reward' Chiffon for what she had said earlier. He will make sure that his adorable wife would never call Little Will, a little worm ever again.

Suddenly several Centennial Ranked Monster, and  Millennial Ranked Beast blocked their path.  

The monsters on the 63rd Floor were composed of Orc Parties. Most of them were Centennial Ranked Beasts, led by a Millennial Beast. For most adventurer parties, this might have been a difficult battle, but for William, it was just a walk in the park.  

"Erchitu, Psoglav, Jareth, Sharx, Xerxes, Dazz, clear the way," William ordered. "We are heading straight to the 70th Floor. Obliterate anyone who blocks our way!"

The Beasts of William's King's Legion charged with fervor. All of them were of the Centennial Rank, with Jareth (Goblin Paladin) being at the peak of the Millennial Rank.  

These monsters were nothing to them, so they bulldozed their way through and sent the orcs flying.

Elliot sat on Sha's shoulder quietly, and seemed to be deep in thought. Conan and him were twins, so the two of them had a means of communicating with each other. However, no matter how hard Elliot called out to his other half, no reply came back to him.

—-

Meanwhile, on the Floor of Valhalla in the Tower of Babylon…

"Father, are you really going to go?" Morgan asked.

James, who was seated on top of Sleipnir nodded his head.  

"I have to go," James replied. "We don't have much time."

The old bandit stared at the vast expanse of space with a smile on his face. His subordinates that had fought with him in the Void had all been sent back to their homes, with the exception of a few who decided to stay at the Floor of Asgard, to wait for James' return.

"Commander, I want to go with you," Helen said. "I promise that I will not get in your way."

James sighed and shook his head. "Stay here. I don't know when I'll be back, and someone needs to watch over the Bifrost Bridge and wait for my return."

"Understood. I will patiently wait for the Commander's arrival."

"Sorry for troubling you, Helen. Make sure that William doesn't get out of line when I'm not around."

Helen smiled and nodded her head. "Compared to the commander, William is a Saint. I'm sure that he will do his best to stay out of trouble."

James chuckled because he knew that doing one's best would not guarantee that they would not attract trouble. This was especially true for their bloodline.

"Morgan, watch over the Floor of Asgard," James reminded. "I don't want William to pester me when he finds out that I'm not around."

Morgan nodded. "Father, what about the Elven Prophecy?"

"What about it?"

"What do we do if he…"

James smirked as he patted Morgan's shoulder.  

"You worry too much," James said. "We all have our roles to play. You, me, Will, and the rest of the Ainsworths. However, no matter what happens, all of us are family. Anyone who harms our family will be beaten up to a pulp. There will be no exceptions.  

"However, if something really terrible happens, use the crystal I left you. No matter where I am, I will return, running at full speed. Well then, I'm off."

James straightened himself and summoned Gungnir. He then raised it high in the air and the Bifrost Bridge shot out towards the vast expanse that led to the unknown.

Not long after, the old man was bathed in a radiant light.  

"For Asgard!"  

Sleipnir neighed and galloped on top of the Bifrost Bridge. Soon, James, and the magnificent steed, disappeared in a beam of light that pierced the fabric of time and space.  

Morgan, Helen, and the rest of the veterans of Lont, stared at the distance for a few minutes before returning to the castle of Asgard.

"Ezio, what will you do for the time being?" Helen asked as he walked side by side with the man who had always been around James.  

Just like Helen, Ezio also wanted to accompany James, but Sleipnir would only allow one person to travel on his back, and that was none other than James.

Also, Ezio didn't have the means to cross between worlds. He would only hinder James from his goal if he insisted on accompanying the old coot on his journey.

"I'll go and see William for the time being," Ezio replied. "I'm sure that the Commander is also worried about him."

Helen nodded. "Be careful. There are many old monsters in Hestia Academy. The Headmaster and our Commander had conflicts in the past as well."

"Okay. You be careful as well," Ezio stated before turning into a black mist.

Now that James was not around, Ezio decided to roam around the Central Continent for the time being. The old man had asked him to dig for more information about the hidden Organization, Deus.

James believed that there was more to this particular Organization than met the eye. If possible, he wanted Ezio to find their headquarters and infiltrate it.

That way, he would have a better picture on what their goals really were. If their organization's goal was to destroy the world of Hestia then Ezio would report this to Malacai.  

After the battle at the Passage of the Worlds, the old bandit and the Dracolich had a nice long chat with each other. Since both of their goals were the same, they decided to cooperate and form an alliance.

Since James was not around, he would let the Dracolich handle this menace that had long hidden within the world.

They were now allies, so it was only natural for him to share information with Malacai, who was also busy exploring the world, in search for the hidden treasures that the Gods had left behind after the Era of the Gods.  


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 764: Conquering The Orc Dungeon [Part 1]Chapter 764: Conquering The Orc Dungeon [Part 1]Chapter 764: Conquering The Orc Dungeon [Part 1]
Chapter 764

"Are you girls crazy?!" Zhu shouted as he pried away the naughty hand who was touching his ding ding dong. "Fight me seriously!"

Right now, the chubby young man had almost been stripped of all of his clothes and was now down to his pants. The Amazons warriors didn't even bother to take it off properly and simply ripped every kind of clothing that they could grab on Zhu's body.

Zhu didn't dare to use his weapon because the girls weren't using any. He was once a general in the Heavenly Domain, and he would never strike an unarmed opponent. The chubby young man also knew that the girls had no intention of harming him, but the crazed look in their eyes made his body fat unconsciously shudder.

They were just like a pack of hyenas that were drooling as they stared at his body, hungry for his juicy meat.

"Chance!"

Millis took the opportunity to charge at Zhu when the latter was besieged from all sides. With one mighty pull, he managed to snatch Zhu's remaining clothing, which made the latter cover his lower half with his hand.

"This is your last warning!" Zhu said with a beet-red face. "Don't make me angry. I'm warning you! Even if you are women, I will show you no mercy!"

"Awwww… don't be like that Sir Zhu."

"Right! We just want to have a good time. We won't hurt you."

"Surrender yourself to your fate. We promise that we will all have a good time."

Millis grinned evilly as she made a gesture for the Amazons to encircle Zhu. Their prey was already cornered. All that they needed to do was go in for the kill!

"Sisters, attack him!" Millis ordered. "I call first dibs!"

"No fair!"

"I want to be first!"

"Stop arguing. Let's incapacitate him first. We can just draw lots later!"

""Okay!""

Seeing that the crazy women were out to get him. Zhu gritted his teeth as his eyes turned bloodshot.

"You forced me to do this!" Zhu roared. He had enough of the Amazons' craziness so he decided to unleash his true powers.

The chubby young man transformed into a demonic pig that was over four meters tall. He glared hatefully at the women who were currently looking at him with their mouths hanging wide open.

"W-Wow! So big!"

"I-I don't think that will fit in me."

"T-That is surely a mouthful."

"S-Sh*t!"

Millis' eyes gazed at the towering giant and his mighty dong. She unconsciously gulped because she knew that Zhu's 'hyperweapon' would definitely break them if they faced it head on.

While the Amazons were still in a daze, Zhu used his movement technique and knocked all of them unconscious. As someone whose strength was at the peak of the Millennial Rank, he was stronger than all the Amazons combined.

"Bunch of crazies," Zhu muttered. He was about to walk away when he noticed a group of Orcs headed in his direction.

He gave the unconscious Amazons a sidelong glance before looking at the approaching monsters.

"So annoying." Zhu clicked his tongue as he charged towards the Orcs to eliminate them.  

He could have just walked away and allowed the Orcs to attack the defenseless women, but if he did that, Zhu knew that it would leave a bitter aftertaste in his mouth.

Several minutes later, a chubby young man ran through the dungeon, following the monster trail that William's group had left behind.

After dealing with the Orcs, he carried the Amazons and tossed them into the Safe Zone where no monsters dared to go. Only after he was finished with his business did he go to catch up to William's group, which was now on the 64th Floor.

—-

Several hours later…

"We've finally arrived," William said as he stared at the five meter golden gate that barred their way.  

This was the entrance to the Boss Room of the 70th Floor. Once he made it past this last hurdle, he would be able to get the Dungeon Core Essence, which would help him upgrade his Familiamancer Job Class.

William pressed his hands over the gate and pushed it open. Just like all Boss Rooms, the interior was dark. Only when all the combatants had entered its Domain would the monsters appear to start the battle.

When everyone had entered the room, torch lights appeared around them.

It didn't take long before their gazes landed on the throne at the far end of the room. Sitting on it was a giant orc.

It was none other than the final boss of the dungeon, the Black-Eyed Orc King.

William glanced at the final boss and used his appraisal skill on it.

—–

< Black-Eyed Orc King >

– Boss Monster

– Tyrant of the Horde

– Threat Level: Pseudo-Myriad Beast

– Cannot be added to the herd.

– The Black-Eyed Orc King is known for its brutality against all races. Among the Orc Kings, this particular Monster will actively attack any kind of settlement near its domain, including the settlement of other Orcs.

– It is just a step away from the Myriad Rank, which makes this beast a very dangerous opponent, especially for unsuspecting adventurer parties.

– It's battle cry will easily paralyze those with weak willpower. Fighting against this Monster requires great caution.

—-

When the five-meter-tall, Black-Eyed Orc King stood up from its throne, several monsters appeared around it.

William appraised the monsters as an Orc Shaman, an Orc Chieftain, an Orc Marauder, an Orc Hunter, an Orc Berserkers, and an Orc Spear Master.

'All of them are Millennial Beast in the middle stages,' William thought as he eyed the final obstacles blocking his way.

"Chiffon, you will fight against the Orc Chieftain alongside Sha. Make sure to summon B1 and B2 to accompany you in battle as well," William ordered. "Ashe, Sidonie, the two of you take care of the Orc Spear Master.

"Jareth and Dazz (Goblin Warmonger), I want you to pin down the Orc King. Psoglav you deal with the Orc Shaman, Erchitu you handle the Orc Berserker. Sharx (Goblin Marauder), you, Xerxes and Sparky (Sharx's Mount) handle the Marauder. Elliot and Zhu, assist any side that needs assistance. Be mindful of your surroundings. Now, attack!"

Everyone took their positions and attacked their respective targets. William crossed his arms over his chest as he observed the battle. His King's Legion was already many times stronger than they had been in the War in the Southern Continent.

The only people he was worried about were his wives. Unlike the Millennial Beasts under his command, the girls had just stepped into the Adamantium Rank. William wanted them to familiarize themselves with group battles, so that they would be able to work hand in hand in the future to fight against stronger opponents.

Jareth, the Goblin Paladin, was the strongest monster under William's command. It had already stepped into the peak of the Millennial Rank, and was only a notch weaker than the Goblin King. Dazz, the Goblin Warmonger was a tier weaker than Jareth, but it was still a monster at the middle stages of the Millennial Rank.  

Both of them were strong enough to hold the Orc King at bay, and prevent it from supporting its minions.

Chiffon was currently fighting while holding Sharur in her hands. Since the Smasher of Thousands was a Mythic Weapon, William felt that the pink-haired girl needed to familiarize herself with wielding it.  

He had already equipped Chiffon with the Weapon Master Job Class, which allowed her to wield any kind of weapon. This allowed her to get a deeper understanding on how to fully maximize Sharur's strength in battle.

Princess Sidonie and Ashe were using their magical abilities to suppress their opponent. One, wielded the power of purple flames, the other, the cold and merciless waters. Their combination attacks of Fire and Water made their opponent scream in pain.

Elliot and Zhu would intercept some of the attacks of the monsters in order to lessen the pressure that everyone was experiencing.  

As William observed the battle, he noticed a few notifications on his Status Page that surprised him greatly.  

< System Completion Rate: 16% >

< System Completion Rate: 17% >

William's eyes widened at the unexpected surprise. He didn't know why the System Completion Rate had started to move, so he hurriedly asked Optimus for confirmation.

The System once said that once his System Completion Rate reached 100%, William would be able to fully unlock Optimus' full power.  

The Half-Elf wanted to know how this was happening, so that he would be able to further increase the completion rate that had been very hard to upgrade.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 765: Conquering The Orc Dungeon [Part 2]Chapter 765: Conquering The Orc Dungeon [Part 2]Chapter 765: Conquering The Orc Dungeon [Part 2]
Chapter 765

'Optimus, what is happening?' William asked. 'I'm not doing anything, but the completion rate is increasing. Can you explain this to me?'

When William had unlocked the System Synchronization Completion Rate in the Tower of Babylon, he had tried all means to upgrade it. There was one problem. Increasing the completion rate wasn't as simple as he thought it would be.

Since then, his completion rate reached 15%. However, after it did, it showed no signs of improving. The Half-Elf had tried fighting the Monsters in Atlantis to raise it higher, but the rating just wouldn't budge.

This was why he was surprised when the stagnant meter was finally moving, even when he was simply standing and spectating the battle. If he could crack the code on how to increase the rating, he would be able to unlock the powers of his system at a rapid pace.  

< Will, the system completion rate doesn't only rely on your breakthroughs. It is also connected to the quality of the forces under your command, and the relationship you have with your wives. Right now, your wives' fighting prowess is slowly having an upgrade. This results in overcoming a milestone, which prompted the rating to move. >

William rubbed his chin in understanding, 'So you're saying that if my wives get stronger, my completion rate will also become higher?'

< Yes. However, do not expect a dramatic increase. Even so, I think you will be able to reach 20% completion after this battle is over. At least, that is according to my calculations. >

'Good!' William clenched his fist in excitement. 'So this is also an option. This is good news!'

According to the information he had of the system completion rate, whenever he reaches 20% completion rate, all of his stats would increase by 50 points.  

If he reached 50%, he would be able to unlock one of the abilities of the System that he could use in battle. This would give William another Trump Card that he could use during critical situations.  

When he asked Optimus what kind of ability he would be able to unlock, the system only said that he would gain the ability to one-shot any Myriad Beast without any problem.

William hissed after hearing this information. A Myriad Beast was not an easy opponent, and he would only be able to fight them when he used his Heroic Avatar, or Einherjar Job Class. One had a very long cooldown, the other required him to pay with his memories when it was used.  

Having this new Trump Card in hand would benefit him greatly.

'Is that ability awesome?' William inquired.

< It is awesome. >

'How awesome?'

< It is super flashy! >

William was very curious to know what it was, but Optimus kept mum about it. In the end, he could only give up and return his attention to the battle that was happening in front of him.  

The Orc Chief swatted Chiffon with his mace, and the latter was forced to summon her mythical shield, Svalinn, to block it. The ground under Chiffon's feet crumbled due to the powerful collision. The pink-haired girl was forced to kneel while holding up the shield in her right hand.  

Sha immediately clenched his hand, and the sand around him transformed into a giant fist, which he sent to punch the Orc Chieftain's face, sending it skidding for several meters. Chiffon finally got a breather and unsummoned Svalinn.

"Chiffon, activate your giantess form," Sharur proposed. "Let's smash this monster to kingdom come."

"Un!" Chiffon readily agreed as she took a deep breath.  

Moments later, she grew in size until she was five-meters tall. Sharur also grew alongside Chiffon, and its dark-blue body glowed brightly.

The Orc Chieftain roared in anger as it once again charged at Chiffon, wielding its Iron Club with fury.  

The giantess didn't back away and faced the Orc Chieftain head-on. A powerful shockwave spread across the battleground as their weapons clashed.

This time, the Orc Chieftain's weapon was overwhelmed by Chiffon and Sharur's might, which sent the second strongest monster in the Boss room flying.

Chiffon was surprised by the complete reversal and stared at the weapon in her hand.

"Did you see that?" Sharur asked. Clearly, it was very satisfied with its performance. "Now do you understand how powerful I am?"

Chiffon nodded her head before running towards the Orc Chieftain. Now that she had the upper hand, she wouldn't allow the monster to recover.

William smiled as he watched his usual obedient, and adorable, wife brandish the mace in her hand with fury. The pained cries of the Orc Chieftain, that was being pummeled repeatedly, made the other Orcs' hearts tremble.

In the distance, Dark and Fire Magic collided and repelled each other.

Psoglav had finally stepped into the Centennial Rank and was employing its abilities to its fullest. In the past, the Demonic Dog was a being that bullied the weak and feared the strong.  

However, after becoming part of William's King's Legion, it had faced many life threatening situations, which had changed its outlook on life. The thing that changed it the most was Erchitu's death in the Southern Continent.  

It was at that moment when Psoglav realized that there would be situations where running was not an option. In the past, it would not dare to sacrifice its life in order to save its friends, but after getting along with the beasts in the Thousand Beast Domain like Kasogonaga, and Erchitu, it no longer lived the lone wolf lifestyle.

It strived in order to get stronger, even to the point of always arguing with Kasogonaga over Beast Cores.  

The Orc Shaman that it was fighting against specialized in Fire Magic. Right now, Psoglav was a tier lower than it, so the battle was not moving in its favor.  

"Will! I need help here!" Psoglav shouted as he was blown away by a massive fireball, which it blocked using a shield made of Dark Energy.  

William pointed at the Demonic Dog and used his authority to grant it additional power.

"Kinship Evolution!" William declared and the Demonic Dog glowed brightly.  

A pair of batlike wings appeared on its back, and instead of a single eye, it now had three eyes on its head, which looked at the Orc Shaman with a devilish gaze.

Kinship Evolution was an ability that William and his lovers had acquired after he had upgraded his Job Class to Quick-Shot Shepherd.  

It allowed him to raise the power of any member of his Legion. The only downside was that he could only upgrade one of them at a time. As long as the skill was active, he couldn't choose any other beast to upgrade aside from the one that he had forcefully evolved..

"Death Ray!" Psoglav shouted and the third eye  on its forehead shot an eerie red beam of light that struck the Orc Shaman in the center of its chest.  

The latter shrieked in pain as it clutched its chest, while hurling a fireball at the Demonic Dog who dodged it in a casual manner.  

"Hahaha! Now you're no match for me!" Psoglav laughed as he flew towards the weakened Orc Shaman. "It's payback time!"

What followed next was a one-sided trashing. Psoglav unleashed dozens of Dark Whips that wrapped around the Shaman's body holding it in place.  

"Shadow Ball Barrage!" Psoglav fired a volley of shadow balls, the size of a basketball at the immobile Orc Shaman, making it scream with fear and resentment. Unfortunately, it could not move its body, or do anything to block the Demonic Dog's attack, so it had no choice but to endure the powerful barrage that made it feel helpless.

Seeing that the Demonic Dog now had the upper hand, William shifted his attention to Jareth, and Dazz, who were fighting against the Orc King.  

Although the Orc King was stronger, the Goblin Paladin, and the Goblin Warmonger had more battle experience. They evaded, parried, and blocked its attacks without fail. Sometimes, the two of them would work together in order to deliver blows at the Orc King's blindspots, causing it to howl in fury.

William asked Jareth and Dazz to pin the Orc King, so that it wouldn't be able to help its allies. Once William's team had effectively dealt with their targets, they would fight the Orc King together and end its futile struggle.

One by one, the Orc King's subordinates fell.  

After that, everyone, with the exception of William, attacked the Orc King from all sides. In the end, the Orc King fell, and a series of notifications appeared on William's status page.

Aside from the Experience and Beast Core rewards, William's Prestige Class, Prince of Thunder had finally reached its max level.  

—–

< Ding! >

< Congratulations! Prince of Thunder Job Class has reached its Max Level! >

< In order to upgrade this Prestige Class, you must first go to the Hall of Thunder located at the Forbidden Ground of Seventh Sanctum. >

—–

'Finally,' William thought as he stared at the Job Class that had been with him for a very long time. In the past, he was warned not to show the power of lightning to anyone, but during the battle in the Southern Continent, he had used this repeatedly due to its useful abilities.

However, the thing that caught his attention the most was none other than the System's completion rate, which had stopped on the 20% mark.

With this achievement, William was finally able to gain 50 additional stats.. He was also a step closer to finally unlocking the true power of the Strongest System.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 766: Which One Would You Choose?Chapter 766: Which One Would You Choose?Chapter 766: Which One Would You Choose?
Chapter 766

After beating the Boss of the 70th Floor, William found himself staring at the Dungeon Core of the Orc Dungeon.

Elliot was also inside the room with him and stared at the glowing orb of light that powered the entire dungeon.

"Will, the bottle," Elliot reminded. "I will help you gather the Dungeon Core Essence."

William nodded and took out a vial that was made from a special material that Celeste had given him.  

Elliot then placed his palm over the Dungeon Core and closed his eyes. He, and Conan, were born as dungeon cores in the past. Due to the actions of Deus, both of them had been corrupted, and only their inner cores were able to survive.

If William hadn't arrived on time, the Twin Cores might have been destroyed, and Elliot and Conan might not have been born as the Half-Elf's familiars.

Dungeon Cores could be considered as powerful batteries. Their powers were limitless. However, if one were to take their essence, they would weaken for a week or two, which would slow down the spawn rate of the monsters that appeared inside the Dungeon.

"Thank you," Elliot said softly after he finished communicating with the Dungeon Core.

Suddenly, two wisps of light emerged from the surface of the core and flew towards the vial in William's hand.  

After that, the bright glow of the Dungeon Core dimmed a bit. This signified that the transfer had been completed.

"Will, place your mark on the Dungeon Core," Elliot said. "I talked to him about your 'Secret Class' and he is very interested in joining you when the seal on your powers has been unlocked."

"Okay," William replied.

Even if Elliot didn't remind him, he was already planning on adding the Dungeon of the Horde to the Dungeons that would be under his command, once his Dungeon Conqueror Job Class had been fully awakened.

Once a dungeon had been added to his legion, the Dungeon would be transferred inside his Ring of Conquest, allowing William to modify it on his whim.

Of course, once this happened, the Dungeon of the Horde would disappear from the Central Continent. All that would remain is an empty husk, that would slowly deteriorate over time.

No monsters would respawn inside it, and the number of floors would decrease day by day until nothing was left. By that time, the Ares Empire would conduct its own investigation, but it would already be too late to do anything.

"It's done," William said after placing the mark of the conqueror on the Dungeon Core.  

The Dungeon Core glowed once as if acknowledging that it had been claimed by him.

A few seconds later, the Dungeon Core sent William back to the Boss Room where his party members were waiting for him.

"Is it over?" Princess Sidonie asked.

"Yes." William smiled. "Let's go back to the Academy."

A magic circle appeared under their feet, and all of them were sent back to the entrance of the Dungeon. Their mission had been completed, and it was now time to return to the academy.

Elliot had already told William about Conan's condition. According to the Angelic Familiar, Conan would only wake up once the Familiamancer Job Class has been successfully upgraded.  

Because of this, William wasted no more time and went to a secluded place to transfer everyone back inside his Thousand Beast Domain.

Afterwards, he activated the skill of the Prince of Thunder Job Class to turn into a lightning bolt that streaked towards Hestia Academy.  

—–

Several hours later…

After arriving at the academy, William parted with everyone as he went to look for Celeste.  

He was worried about Conan's condition, so he decided to upgrade his Job Class as soon as possible.

Fortunately, Celeste had already made preparations.  

The beautiful elf led William to the north side of the Academy where a Temple of the Gods was built.

When they reached the inner temple, a statue of a beautiful woman, wearing celestial clothes greeted William's vision.

William had already met many Gods, and he wondered who this God was.  

Celeste, who was paying close attention to William, smiled as she told him a little about the Goddess Statue that was enshrined inside the temple.

"She is her Excellency, Hestia," Celeste stated. "She is the Goddess of the Hearth, Home, and Family. Among the Goddesses of this world, she is known as a pacifist and dislikes conflicts.  

"Some say that she appears in front of heroes who will save this world, one way or another. Those who are able to see her Excellency can consider themselves lucky, for very few people catch her interest."

William gazed at the beautiful statue that had a gentle smile on her face. He had already met several Gods, but he hadn't had the opportunity to see Hestia in the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods.  

"Have you seen her, Professor?" William inquired.  

"Me?" Celeste shook her head. "No. How about you?"

"Not yet. But, maybe I'll see her in the future?"

"Keep dreaming. Do you really think you're a protagonist or something?"

William wanted to tell her that he was indeed a protagonist. However, he knew that Celeste wouldn't believe him, so he decided to just put the matter aside for now and focus on his advancement ceremony.  

The Half-Elf looked down at the cushion he was holding in his hands. Lying on top of it was none other than Conan, who was sleeping peacefully. He hoped that after the ceremony, the little Devil would once again open his eyes and accompany him like usual.

"Let's start," Celeste said.

Chloee and Claire floated beside her as they, too, prepared for the ceremony.

"I call upon you, esteemed King of all Familiars." Celeste pressed her hands together in a prayer. "Your loyal followers humbly ask you for your guidance. Please, honor us with your presence."

A moment later, a bright light appeared inside the inner temple.

William hastily closed his eyes because the light was too bright for him. Only when he felt that everything returned to normal did he open his eyes.  

This time, he didn't see Celeste, Chloee, and Claire.

He stood in a completely white world, devoid of any other color.

"We finally meet. I've been waiting for a long time"

A calm, yet firm voice said from behind William.

The Half-Elf slowly turned his body to look behind him, and there he saw an old man, wearing a white robe with many symbols, similar to hieroglyphs.  

The old man had a friendly expression on his face, and his presence made William feel calm.  

"My name is Zenon," Zenon said softly. "I am the God of Familiars, and I am here to help you ascend to become a Familiamancer Sovereign. Nice to meet you, William."

"It's my honor to meet you, Your Excellency, Zenon," William replied. "Can we start the ascension ceremony?"

Zenon nodded his head. "Of course, but before that, let me ask you a serious question first. Is that fine with you?"

William nodded and waited patiently for Zenon's next words. This was the first time he was meeting the God of Familiars and he was very curious about what he had to say.

"Tell me, William. If you were given a choice between saving this world, or saving the person you love, which one would you choose?"


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 767: William’s ChoiceChapter 767: William’s ChoiceChapter 767: William’s Choice
Chapter 767

William lowered his head when he heard Zenon's question.  

The God of Familiars gave the Half-Elf a knowing smile because he knew that the answer to this question wouldn't be an easy one. In order to not make things difficult for William, he decided to throw in a lifeline to make his choice easier.

"There is no right or wrong answer to this question," Zenon said. "Just tell me what you think, and also, please, give me the reason why you chose that answer."

Actually, the reason why William frowned was not because he couldn't choose from the two. He just remembered a few things that made him sad, so he decided to lower his head to hide the expression on his face.

"Your Excellency, I know what it feels like to lose someone dear to you," William replied as he raised his head. "I also experienced the hopelessness of seeing my homeland be destroyed even after giving it everything that I had to protect it."

The Half-Elf paused as he stared straight at the God of Familiars. He wanted Zenon to understand that when it came to these two things, he would choose neither of them.

"Your Excellency, I am a greedy person," William stated. "Regardless of the cost, regardless of what happens, I will hold both my loved one and the world in the palms of my hands. I will save them both."

"In order to save both, you need strength. The way you are now, I'm afraid that you don't have the qualifications to be greedy."

"Even so, my answer will still be the same. I will save both."

Zenon narrowed his eyes as he met William's gaze. The standoff lasted for half a minute before the God of Familiars chuckled.

"Well, since that is your answer then so be it," Zenon said. "Now, time for you to take that step and become a Progenitor of the Familiamancer Profession.

Zenon raised his hand and the vial that contained the Dungeon Core Essence floated in the air. Elliot's and Conan's body glowed as the essence stored inside the vial merged with their bodies.  

The Angelic Familiar and the Devil Familiar were wrapped in golden cocoons that glowed brightly.  

Suddenly, a beam of light from both Familiars shot towards the gem in William's chest. The Half-Elf felt an overwhelming surge of magical energy that flowed through his entire body.  

—

< Ding! >

< Requirements for Ascension have been met! >

< Upgrading Job Class… >

< 5%… >

< 25%… >

—-

William waited patiently until the upgrade of the Job Class was completed. When the completion rate had reached 100%  

The Half-Elf heard a cracking sound from the two golden cocoons inside of him. The golden cocoons shattered like a broken glass, revealing the two familiars within.

An angel, the size of an adult's hands floated with his eyes closed. He was still wearing the same clothes that he had before, and nothing changed much on Elliot's appearance. The only noticeable change was his wings.

Instead of two pairs of wings, now he had four.

Conan was the same. In the past, he had a pair of batlike wings, but now he had four of them. A few seconds later, both familiars opened their eyes and the power of Millennial Beasts surged from within their bodies.  

"Congratulations," Zenon said with a smile. "You are now a Progenitor of the Familiamancer Profession, just like Celeste. I hope that you will do your best to spread the wonders of the Familiamancers to the entire world of Hestia."

Just as soon as Zenon finished his congratulations, a series of notifications appeared on William's status page.

—–

< Familiamancer Sovereign >

"Courage is the Power to let go of the Familiar."

– As one of the chosen ones of the God of Familiars, you are given the special privilege of bestowing the power of the Familiamancer to anyone.

– As a Familiamancer Progenitor, your Familiars are stronger than ordinary Familiars.  

– You have learned the skill "Familiamancer Bestowal Skill".

– You have learned the skill "Familiamancer Perfect Fusion".

– You have acquired the special title "Familiamancer Sovereign".

—–

< Familiamancer Bestowal >

– Bestow the power of Familiamancer to a person.

– Familiamancer Bestowal Opportunities can be used 3x.  

– More Bestowal Opportunities will be added once the Familiamancers you have chosen have ascended to the next stage.

– Current Familiamancers under your wing (0/3)

—–

< Familiamancer Perfect Fusion >

(First Form)

– The Familiamancer can fuse with his familiars and use their abilities.

– Under Fusion Form, all abilities of the Familiars are increased by 200%

– You may cancel Fusion Form anytime.

(Second Form)

– Your Familiars can fuse with you and use your body as a vessel.

– Your permission is needed before this form can be activated.

– You and the Familiar can choose a set duration for this skill to remain active.

– Familiars can cancel Fusion Form anytime.

– Under this Fusion Form, the familiars will have complete control of the body and all of their abilities will be increased by 500%

—–

Special Title

< Familiamancer Sovereign >

– Grants a +200 enhancement bonus to all stats.

– Increases your attack and defense by 10%  

– Familiars gain 100% increase in their attack and defense.  

—–

William was quite happy with the additional bonus in stats. He had clearly felt an overall increase in his strength after equipping the Familiamancer Sovereign Job Class.

The one thing that piqued his curiosity was the Familiamancer Perfect Fusion. He had experienced what it was like to fuse with his wives, but he had never tried fusing with his familiars.

He was curious on how powerful his Familiars would be if they fused with him.  

While he was deep in thought, Zenon's words reached his ears.

"It's time for you to go back," Zenon said. "Make sure to take care of Celeste in the future."

The corners of Zenon's lips rose as he waved his hand to send William back to the Temple.  

The Half-Elf and the two familiars were enveloped in a golden light before disappearing from his Domain.  

"You want to save both?" Zenon placed his hands behind his back as he looked down from the top of the Tower of Babylon. "That will be difficult, William. But, it's not impossible.. I look forward to seeing you try."


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 768: With Great Danger Comes Great OpportunityChapter 768: With Great Danger Comes Great OpportunityChapter 768: With Great Danger Comes Great Opportunity
Chapter 768

"Did you succeed?" Celeste asked when she saw William reappear in front of her.

The Half-Elf nodded with a smile. He then glanced at his two Familiars who floated beside him.

"Chloee, do I look more handsome than before?" Elliot asked as he approached the little fairy who was looking back at him with a curious gaze. "I swear that after I ascended, I became 50% cooler."

"Eh? I don't see any difference," Chloee replied as she circled Elliot. "The only thing that changed is the number of your wings. Are you supposed to look cooler because of it?"

"My goodness! I am sincerely troubled by your lack of aesthetic criticism."

"Aesthetic criticism? Is that edible?"

While Elliot and Chloee were having a heated discussion.

Claire flew towards Conan, and the latter immediately hid behind William.  

"Don't worry, I will not hurt you," Claire said. "I just want to look at the changes to your body."

"Y-You can look, but don't touch," Conan replied.  

"Look. I'm not going to eat you, okay? I know that you just recovered, so I just want to check your condition."

"Just check my condition? You're not going to do anything else?"

Claire nodded. For some reason, after seeing how worried Princess Aila was to Conan, she felt an indescribable feeling of irritation in her heart. She didn't understand why she felt that way, but it made her feel very uncomfortable.

Because of this, she decided to take a different approach in regards to the Devil Familiar, who seemed to have developed a trauma from her incessant physical examinations.

Seeing that the four familiars were getting along just fine, William bid Celeste goodbye as he went towards the Library of Hestia Academy.

Right now, he intended to seriously upgrade all of his Job Classes and unlock the true power of the Jack of All Trades.

Since the Prince of Thunder Job Class had reached its maximum level, William decided to ascend it to its next form.  

The only problem was that he needed to travel to the Forbidden Land of the Seventh Sanctum and find the Hall of Thunder.

He had already asked Optimus about the Forbidden Ground, but the latter said that it didn't have much data about it. The only thing that the System knew about the Seventh Sanctum was that it was close to the Western Edge of the Central Continent.

The nearest city to the Forbidden Ground was the Port City of Alabaster. This Port City was a Neutral Ground, where Humans, Beastkin, Dwarves, Half-Elves, and Elves live in harmony.

Slave Trading was banned from this city, and any slave trader that was caught loitering around its borders was given the Death Penalty.  

Just like the name suggested, this City of Alabaster was a major trading ground due to its access to naval trade. Several Merchant Ships that hailed from the Silvermoon Continent would often dock here to bring rare commodities that could only be found on the homeland of the Elves.

Since he wanted to know more about his destination, he decided to check the Library to read the relevant references that would aid him in his quest.

Although he said reading, the only thing he needed to do was open the pages and have Optimus record the information in its database. The System would then compile the information and give William the summary of the things he needed to know about the Seventh Sanctum.

"Should I bring the others with me?" William muttered.

The Forbidden Grounds was a dangerous place and very few people had the courage to venture inside it. Very powerful monsters that couldn't be seen anywhere else in the continent usually thrived inside this perilous domain.

Of course, there were also rare ingredients, herbs, and metals that were used for cooking, alchemy, and forging.

Only those that had confidence in their strength and ability would visit this forbidden ground. The riches that could be found inside it was enough for anyone to be set for life.  

As the saying goes, with great danger, comes great opportunity.  

'I guess I'll just ask them later,' William mused as he walked towards the library. If his wives decided to follow him then he would not turn them away. The Quarterly assessment lasted for a month, so he still had plenty of time to go to the Seventh Sanctum and discover the secrets that could be found within this mysterious domain.

—–

"Lilith, how can you be so careless?" Empress Andraste asked in a helpless tone. "You should have escaped immediately when the Myriad Beast appeared. Why didn't you prioritize your safety?"

"Mother, I couldn't possibly leave the others behind," Lilith replied. "If I left them to fend for themselves, wouldn't that tarnish our reputation? What would others think of me?"

"Silly girl. You are not fighting against a Millennial Beast. That is a Myriad Beast! If William hadn't arrived, you might have become that Dryad's nursery by now. So what if your reputation is tarnished? You could have escaped and asked for help.  

"Hestia Academy would have definitely sent its experts, even Byron would personally lead the expedition in order to capture that Dryad. You didn't need to put yourself in unneccessary danger because of strangers!"

Lilith frowned as she looked at the projection of her mother. Right now, she was inside her room in the Girl's Dormitory. She had just finished taking a bath when the communication crystal that Andraste had given her started to glow.  

She didn't expect that the moment she answered it, she would receive a nagging from her mother who was currently in the Ares Empire.

"Sorry, Mother. It won't happen again." Lilith sighed."I will be more careful next time."

After hearing her daughter's apology, Empress Andraste finally stopped her nagging.  

When she had received Byron's report about what happened to her daughter, she immediately hurled profanities at the Headmaster of Hestia Academy, which made the latter almost throw the communication crystal away.

Byron opted to inform the Amazon Empress about what happened because he was afraid that Empress Andraste would misunderstand, once she received a report from her daughter, Lilith.  

Right after their talk ended, she immediately called Lilith which led to the current situation.

"Okay, just don't let this happen again," Empress Andraste said softly. "How is the progress with William? Did you manage to invite him to the Ares Empire?"

Lilith shook her head. "He is a tough nut to crack. It seems that he is satisfied with his wives, and has no intention of visiting our empire."

Empress Andraste smirked when she heard her daughter's words.  

"Since that is the case, it's time for you to make your move," Empress Andraste. "You already know what to do, right?"

"Yes, Mother," Lilith replied. "Whether he wants to do it or not, he will not have a choice after I'm done with him."

"Good girl. The Crimson Festival is almost here. Do your best to invite him to attend the festivities. Wait… it will be better to invite your entire class. You can even invite your homeroom teacher to come.  

"That way he will not be too guarded when visiting our empire. As long as he steps inside our domain, he is as good as ours."

Lilith smiled sweetly and nodded her head.

"Leave this to me, Mother." Lilith smirked. "I will definitely make it happen."

Empress Andraste smiled evilly as well. "Good. As expected of my daughter. Don't worry. I will make the necessary preparations on my end."

The mother and daughter pair giggled as they gave each other knowing glances.. They look forward to the unexpected gains that they would acquire on the day of the Crimson Festival in the Ares Empire.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 769: Time For Round Twenty-Three. Are You Game?Chapter 769: Time For Round Twenty-Three. Are You Game?Chapter 769: Time For Round Twenty-Three. Are You Game?
Chapter 769

(Disclaimer: Some R-18 scenes are not suitable for children. Parental guidance is advised.)

—–

Inside the Villa in the Thousand Beast Domain…

"Big Brother… hah… I'm sorry… mmh! Chiffon… Chiffon, won't… ha… do it… again… mmmh!"

The pink-haired girl panted as William used both gentle, and rough attacks in order to bring her to the heights of pleasure.  

"Why are you asking for forgiveness? Did you do anything bad to me?" William whispered.

He was currently seated on a couch, with Chiffon sitting on top of him, with her hands wrapped around his head.  

The little glutton was like a small boat, in the middle of a storm. No matter how hard she tried to resist, the mighty waves would wash over her body, making her shudder. William continued his attacks, while whispering words of love in her ears.

"Big Brother… please… hah… have mercy… mmh!"

William sealed Chiffon's lips with a kiss and held her body tightly.  

After their lips parted, the pink-haired girl panted for breath. William allowed her to regain her breathing and ceased all movements. When his wife had finally calmed down, he pulled her close to him and kissed her forehead.

"I love you, Chiffon. I hope what happened inside the dungeon will not happen again."

"… Un. I'm sorry, Will."

The two kissed once more. This time, it was a very sweet kiss, when it ended. William made love to her, and Chiffon held on to him tightly.  

Suddenly, the pink-haired girl's body trembled as she and William reached their peak. She felt the raging warmth of her husband's love erupt inside her, which brought waves, upon waves of euphoria, turning her world completely white.

A few moments later, Chiffon's delicate body lost its strength, and collapsed weakly on top of William.  

"It seems that Chiffon is still not used to the throes of pleasure," a teasing voice said from on top of the bed. "Poor girl, she fainted."

Morgana, who had been lying on the bed for a while, walked towards William in all her naked glory.  

Several kiss marks could be seen on her seductive body, indicating that William had adequately 'punished' her as well.  

Similar to Chiffon, Ashe was lying on the bed, and was deep asleep. William had made love to her many times, until the beautiful mermaid begged him to stop. Now, she was sleeping peacefully, like the pink-haired girl in William's arms.

Among William's wives, only the Succubus Princess could match his prowess when it came to love making.

William kissed Chiffon's head and wrapped his arms around her body, securing her in place.  

Princess Sidonie sat beside William and kissed Chiffon's cheeks, before shifting her attention to her beloved husband, who was punishing them for their transgression in the Dungeon of the Horde.

"Darling, are you sure you don't want to take us to the Forbidden Grounds?" Morgana asked. "I'm sure that Ashe and Chiffon won't allow you to go alone. You should at least take one of them with you, to give me and them some peace of mind.

William pondered for a brief moment before reluctantly nodding his head.  

"Knowing Chiffon, she will indeed tag along with me no matter what," William replied helplessly as he softly patted the sleeping girl's head. "I'll ask Ashe to stay with you and make sure you don't get into trouble."

Morgana giggled when she felt William's naugthy hand start to caress her snowy-white peaks.

"You can play with them as much as you want later," Morgana said as she stopped William's hand from continuing its teasing of her white rabbit. "Let's have a serious discussion first."

Seeing that Morgana wanted to talk seriously, William ceased all actions and nodded his head in acknowledgement.  

"According to the information in the library, the time inside the Forbidden Ground flows slower than in the outside world," William explained. "But, the difference isn't that much. A day in the outside world is equivalent to two days inside the Forbidden Ground. If nothing untowards happens, I'll be back in less than a month."

Morgana nodded her head. She knew that William was doing this because it was important. As his wife, she intended to support his decision and patiently wait for his return.

"Can we help you in any way?" Princess Sidonie asked. She had just woken up from her slumber, and immediately swapped with Morgana in order to talk to William about important matters.

"Actually, there is something you can help me with," William replied. "Visit Shannon more often. Know more about her."

"You want me to understand what Sin she carries, right?"

"Yes. It will help me tremendously if you find that out."

Princess Sidonie moved closer and kissed William's left cheek. "I will do my best. You should be careful inside the Forbidden Ground. Leave Soleil with me so you can return anytime."

William kissed her back before nodding his head. "I will do that."

"Ah. I almost forgot, make sure to bring Lilith with you as well."

"Lilith? Why?"

William couldn't understand why he had to bring the Greedy Amazon with him on his journey. Besides, the Half-Elf was wary of her because the latter was serious in getting his genes.  

Princess Sidonie smiled. "Because her power is very useful. She's like a compass in finding treasures. If you bring her with you, the chances of finding something of great value is high. No. it is guaranteed that you will find something good if you bring her with you.  

"Afterall, the Forbidden Ground is known for its wealth. Those who are able to come back alive will definitely earn a fortune."

The beautiful princess wasn't worried about William's safety because he had many trump cards in his disposal. He could travel anywhere at the speed of lightning, and also had instant teleportation with the power of Soleil.  

Escaping was not an issue for her beloved Half-Elf, so she was confident that William would come back to her in one piece.

If push came to shove, he could use his Heroic Avatar or his Einherjar Job Class. Not to mention, he had a mighty legion at his disposal.  

Suddenly a thought flashed inside Princess Sidonie's mind. The image of William ransacking the entire Forbidden Domain, and dumping it inside his own Thousand Beast Domain, almost made her giggle.  

Knowing how shameless her husband was, the chances of that happening was extremely high.

After giving Princess Sidonie's idea some consideration, William thought that it was indeed a very good plan to gather resources.  

With Lilith by his side, he would have a walking Treasure Radar that could pick up the locations of treasures instantly.  

Optimus had this function as well, but the System warned him that the Laws of the Forbidden Ground might prevent it from using its special scanner to look for treasures in the surroundings.

After agreeing with Princess Sidonie's proposal, William gently carried Chiffon towards the bed and laid her down.

Once he completed this task, the beautiful princess wrapped her arms around William's body and stared at his beautiful eyes that reflected her own.

"Time for round twenty-three. Are you game?" Princess Sidonie asked in a teasing tone.

William smirked as his naughty hands lightly squeezed the bum of the beautiful princess.  

"Always," William replied as he pulled her lover towards the couch.

Soon, the sound of spring permeated inside the room.. William showed his Succubus Princess that his stamina, and tenacity, matched hers perfectly.  


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 770: Don’t Let Him Cheat On Us, Okay?Chapter 770: Don’t Let Him Cheat On Us, Okay?Chapter 770: Don’t Let Him Cheat On Us, Okay?
Chapter 770

"You are going to the Forbidden Ground, Seventh Sanctum, and you want me to go with you?" Lilith asked as she looked at the Half-Elf with a curious gaze.

The Amazon Princess was quite surprised when William approached her. Lilith thought that the Half-Elf had a grudge against her after she had stolen the Collar of Wisteria from Princess Sidonie's neck.  

Since then, Lilith had stopped pestering William because she didn't want the latter to hate her more. In order to bring him to the Ares Empire, she needed to be on his good side, and make the red-headed teenager drop his guard around her.

William nodded, "Yes. Are you free or do you have any other plans?"

"I'm free," Lilith replied in a heartbeat. She was afraid that William would change his mind after inviting her. However, there was still one thing that bothered her, so she decided to ask the Half-Elf the question that had been in her mind.

"Why me?" Lilith inquired.  

William scratched his head in embarrassment before giving his answer. "Because you are the best partner when it comes to looking for treasures. The Forbidden Ground might be a dangerous place, but it is also ripe with resources. I was hoping that you could help me get some of them during my trip to the Seventh Sanctum."

Lilith smiled. "I see! You came to find the right person. With me around, finding treasures is as easy as breathing."  

"Great!" William nodded. "I still need to prepare things for our journey. How about we meet at the Academy's teleportation gate at noon tomorrow?"

"Good. I'll see you tomorrow then."

"Alright."

Lilith watched William's retreating back with a smile on her face.  

When their group had faced the Myriad Beast, Conan did his best to stall for time until William arrived. Lilith had long heard that William was powerful, but she still hadn't seen the extent of his powers.

Although she was present during the Founding Celebration of the Misty Sect, William's battle with Meredith ended without anyone seeing the Half-Elf's capabilities.

When the Dryad attacked them, Lilith was paralyzed, but she was still aware of her surroundings. This was why she had immediately noticed William's arrival.

Unfortunately, before she could even see the Half-Elf in action, she was knocked unconscious by the Demonic Dog, Psoglav, and taken away. Because of this, she was not able to see how William fought the Myriad Beast.  

Even so, she was confident that with William around, exploring the Forbidden Grounds would not be too dangerous.  

This would also help her know more about the red-headed teenager, which the entire Amazon Empire had set their eyes on.

—–

"The Seventh Sanctum," Empress Andraste frowned as she looked at her daughter. "That is a very dangerous place, Lilith. Are you confident that you will be able to leave that place in one piece?"

"Yes," Lilith replied. "I have 70% assurance that I will be able to leave it without fail. Also, I have a feeling that William wouldn't do something as stupid as going to the Forbidden Grounds without sufficient strength.  

If he can fend off against a Myriad Beast then the chances of safely leaving the Seventh Sanctum is very high.

"Okay, you may go," Empress Andraste reluctantly agreed. "You can also use this opportunity to save William during tough situations, making him indebted to you."

"That will be a bit hard to do, since he is stronger than me."

"Silly girl. William may be strong, but he is not invincible. Just do your best to get close to him during this journey."

"Understood." Lilith smiled. "Mother, about our plan, I think it will be best if you talk to the Headmaster about it. You can invite the entire 3rd Grade, as well as the professors of the academy, and treat it as a cultural exchange. This way, we don't even need to invite William to the Ares Empire. The academy will do it for us."

Empress Andraste smirked as she looked at her daughter with appreciation.  

"As expected of my daughter, you are a genius," Empress Andraste praised. "Very well. Just leave this matter to me. You go and accompany our stud horse on a little field trip to the Forbidden Ground and come back as soon as possible."

Lilith nodded. "Understood. I will do my best, Mother."

—–

The next day…

Lilith stood beside the teleportation gate of Hestia Academy, while she waited for William.

Because she had informed her mother about her journey, the Amazon Empress repeatedly told her to be careful and to do her best to make the Half-Elf owe her a favor. While Lilith was deep in her thoughts, a familiar voice called out to her from a distance.

"Sorry if we made you wait. Are you ready to go?"

Lilith raised her head and saw William and Chiffon walking hand in hand. Princess Sidonie and Ian were also there to send them off and they gave Lilith a brief nod as a greeting.

"Don't worry. I just got here as well," Lilith replied as she nodded back. "I'm ready to go anytime."

William nodded before turning his head to look at Princess Sidonie and Ian. "We will be going now. Ian, make sure that Sidonie behaves."

Ian smiled in acknowledgement. "I'll look after her. As for the three of you, make sure to return safely. We will be waiting."

Princess Sidonie, on the other hand, raised an eyebrow as she crossed her arms over her chest, highlighting the curves that would make any guy lose their composure.

"Chiffon, make sure to look after our husband," Princess Sidonie stressed the word 'husband' before glancing in Lilith's direction. "Don't let him cheat on us, okay?"

Chiffon patted her modest chest before replying. "Leave it to me. I will not let him cheat on us."

Sidonie felt like her warning wasn't enough, so she decided to walk towards William, and gave him a long passionate kiss on the lips. She was well aware that there are many beautiful ladies in the academy who were giving the Half-Elf meaningful glances.

Fortunately, WIlliam didn't care about them, but it still irked Princess Sidonie to have her beloved man stared at by hungry, thieving cats.  

This was why she decided to give a public display of affection to deter the girls who were targeting her husband.

Everyone who was there at the Teleportation Gate saw this passionate scene and gritted their teeth in envy. The boys couldn't help but wish that instead of William, the one that was being kissed by the Princess was them.  

"D-Damn! That bastard is so lucky. I wish I was him!"

"Maybe he accumulated a lot of karma by saving a universe in his past life. This is the only thing I can think of for him to get Princess Sidonie as his wife."

"Just imagining how he can have his way with the beautiful Princess' perfect body is enough to give me a nosebleed."

"O-Oi! You're really having a nosebleed. Wipe it off before anyone sees it!"

After the kiss ended, William gave Princess Sidonie the "you sure know how to make a scene" stare before giving her a light hug.

"Don't forget to visit Shannon on a regular basis," William whispered. "I have a feeling that she's eager to have a conversation partner."

"Okay," Princess Sidonie replied. "Leave her to me."

Lilith looked at this scene with an indifferent gaze, but deep inside, she felt a little envious of Princess Sidonie.

As the Amazon Princess, she also had many suitors that hailed from the different kingdoms, and empires in the Central Continent. The Royal Families of these nations would often send their princes to the Ares Empire for a possible marriage agreement, but the Empress had turned all of them down.  

The Amazons didn't care for a person's background. All they cared about was strength. Lilith had promised herself that she would only get the best, so she had been keeping an eye out for potential partners whenever she traveled around the continent.

Her purpose for this trip was to get a better understanding of William's strength. Only after seeing it would she finally make her decision.  

After the hug ended, William bid his wives one last goodbye before walking towards the Teleportation Gate with Chiffon and Lilith.

The three disappeared under the envious stares of the students of the Academy.  

It would take them a week to reach the Port City of Alabaster, and two more days before they reached the Forbidden Ground.  

William was actually looking forward to this journey. This was the first time that he would be entering a Forbidden Ground.. The Half-Elf was quite eager to uncover the secrets that hid within that mysterious domain.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 771: I’m Just Following The Rules [Part 1]Chapter 771: I’m Just Following The Rules [Part 1]Chapter 771: I’m Just Following The Rules [Part 1]
Chapter 771

"Boss, we got a good haul today!" A skinny man said with excitement. "Loitering around the borders of the City of Alabaster really yields great profits for us. We managed to get two Half-Elves, two Dwarves, an Elf, and three Beastkins. They will sell a lot on the black market."

A scar-faced man smirked after hearing his subordinate's reply. The Port City of Alabaster is a gathering place for the various humanoid races, so it was very easy to capture some of them as long as they traveled beyond its borders.

There were many slave traders, bandits, and mercenary groups that hunted these other races, for profits in the Black Market, along the borders of the city in secret.  

Even though the punishment for kidnapping was the Death Penalty, none of them gave a hoot. For them, as long as there was quick cash to be made, all they needed was to move swiftly and retreat just as fast.

"The auction will be held in two days," the scar-faced man said. "Let's bring them to the underground headquarters. Make sure to erase our traces. I don't want the border patrols to get wind of our operation.

"Yes, boss!"

The scar-faced man was the leader of a bandit group named Wild Hounds.  

They don't have a permanent place of residence, because they believed that no place was safe. The Wild Hounds would only visit cities where the Dark Traders were located because these cities were under the Black Market's control.

It was the safe haven for criminals, and most wanted people who had bounties on their heads would take permanent residence in these cities.

The group traveled for three days until they arrived at one of these hidden cities that had been dug inside a mountain.  

This city was called Truedawn. It was the underground city that held the biggest auction house located near the city of Alabaster. Due to its close proximity to the city of Alabaster, only certified members of the Dark Guilds knew of its existence.  

These members had powerful restrictions carved into their bodies to prevented them from leaking the city's location to anyone. The price of breaking this restriction was a very slow, and painful death.

It would not be an exaggeration to say that Truedawn was the strongest stronghold of the Dark Traders in the Western Sphere of the Central Continent. This was a very important city to the Dark Guilds and its defenses were second to none, resembling a formidable fortress, which used the geography to its maximum advantage.

Even if an army were to siege it, the Dark Guilds could easily defend it due to the powerful magical arrays that they had placed around the mountain.

"All of you get out!" the scar-faced man ordered. "Make sure to bring them to the underground containment area first. Skipper, I'll leave everything to you, do you understand?"

"Don't worry, Boss," Skipper replied. "I know what to do."

The scar-faced man snorted before taking his leave. He still had other things to do in the city, and would visit the Auction house after a few hours, so he left the captured "merchandise" in the hands of his subordinates.

A few minutes later, the scar-faced man arrived at a magnificent structure that was located at the center of the city.  

"Brock, you're finally back," a middle-aged man wearing glasses greeted. "How was your haul? Did you manage to snag us a few elven beauties? They are quite high in demand right now."

Brock smiled before nodding his head. "I got one, and she's quite the looker. We also have two dwarves in their early twenties, but they are pretty at best. Nothing special."

The middle-aged man made a gesture, and Brock sat on the couch opposite him.

"We have noble ladies looking for good looking men," the middle-aged man commented. "Did you manage to get a few?"

"We caught two Half-Elves," Brock replied. "I'm quite confident that the ladies will love them."

"How about labor work?

"We captured a few Beastkins. They will do just fine."

The middle-aged man chuckled as he extended his hand. "It's always a pleasure working with you, Brock. With your merchandise, we will have over a fifty slaves in this auction."

Brock held the middle-aged man's hand firmly and shook it twice before letting go. "It's always a pleasure working with you, Sir. I just hope that the remuneration I will get from the Auction will satisfy me."

"How about Sixty Percent?"

"Sixty-five."

"Fine. You have a deal."

The middle-aged man chuckled as he adjusted his glasses. "The border patrols are getting more active as of late. Lie low for a while and don't come out of the city. You'll have plenty of cash to spend when the auction is over, so you don't need to hurry to get back to work."

Brock pondered for a while before giving the man a brief nod.  

"Okay," Brock replied. "I'll stay and enjoy your hospitality, Lord Grayson. If possible, I'd also like to sightsee in the Aiur Empire for a few days."

Grayson smiled after he heard Brock's reply. "Of course. I will make the necessary arrangements for you and your men.

Grayson was a Marquis in the Aiur Empire, and one of the major backers of the slave trading in the west. Arranging for Brock's accommodation in his Domain was a very simple thing for him.

—–

Meanwhile at the underground area…

"Hurry up and start moving!" Skipper shouted as he used a wooden stick to strike the Half-Elf's back whose good looks made him feel insecure.  

"He's at it again, that Skipper," one of the bandits said in disdain.  

"Aren't you used to it by now?" a burly man asked. "He's always like that when he faces off against any good looking man. If not for his fear of the boss' wrath, he might have ruined the faces of all of the Elven Men that we've captured over this long while."

"Still, that Half-Elf is quite a catch. I'm sure that our lady customers will be pleased."

"Indeed. He will sell for a few thousands when the bidding starts."

The ragtag group of Elves, Half-Elf, Beastmen, and Dwarves, were tied up in special metal chains that prevented them from using magic.  

This was the standard equipment that slave traders use in order to neutralize their captives. As long as they were wearing these shackles, they were no different from commoners who couldn't use magic.

When they arrived at their destination, all the demihumans were locked up. They would be appraised by the elders of the Auction House and, depending on the result of the appraisal, their initial bidding prices would be set.

"Get in!" Skipper kicked the back of the Half-Elf, sending him falling face first inside a prison cell.  

"Skipper, don't step out of line! If that Half-Elf's face is injured his price will decrease," the burly man shouted. "I'm sure you don't want to make our boss angry, right?"

"So what?" Skipper sneered. "At most he will just have minor bruises. Do you think the Auction House doesn't have the ability to cast a healing spell on his face?"

The burly man snorted. "We'll see what the boss says later. If the Auctioneers complain to him later, you'd better prepare yourself for a beating."

Skipper shrugged as he gave the Half-Elf one last glance before leaving the underground room. Although his Boss might nag at him later, he just couldn't stop the urges to beat up the Half-Elf that made him feel inferior.

As soon as the bandits had left the scene, the Half-Elf slowly propped himself up from the ground and dusted off his clothes.

'Optimus, start to map this area. Make sure to give me as detailed a report as soon as possible.''

< I'm on it. >


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 772: I’m Just Following The Rules [Part 2]Chapter 772: I’m Just Following The Rules [Part 2]Chapter 772: I’m Just Following The Rules [Part 2]
Chapter 772

"Will he really be okay?" Lilith asked as she eyed the mountain in the distance. "That place is filled with hidden experts. No matter how strong he is, he couldn't possibly fight them all, right?"

Chiffon unwrapped a chocolate lollipop before placing it inside her mouth. She licked it for a few seconds before turning her head to the side to look at the Amazon who had a frown on her face.  

"He will be okay," Chiffon answered with confidence. "I trust him."

Lilith frowned. When Willam told them that he found a group of slave traders hiding beside the borders of the City of Alabaster, the first thing she wanted to do was to beat them up and hand them over to the authorities of the City of Alabaster.

However, William said that he had a better idea. After telling the two women about his plan, their group split, and the Half-Elf went off on his own.

"You sure trust him a lot," Lilith said.  

Chiffon nodded. "I do. He is my husband after all."

"Hey, can you tell me how the two of you met? I'm very curious about how you became Wiliam's wife."

"It's a long story. Do you still want to listen?"

Lilith nodded. "Yes. it's the perfect way to pass time."

She was really curious on how one of her sisters managed to marry the Half-Elf that had shaken the entire world due to his achievements in the Tower of Babylon.  

Lilith thought that it would be a good idea to know more about William. That way, she would understand his character, which would greatly help her plan to bridge the gap between them.

'I need to know his likes and dislikes,' Lilith thought. 'That way, I can help my mother prepare the girls that match his preferences.'

The Amazon Princess was not ignorant and knew that men had varied tastes when it came to women. Some prefered mature ladies, some like shy types, there were others who prefered tomboys like Lilith, and some liked innocent looking girls.

Since the Amazons was a race of women, they could easily handpick the ladies in order to tempt the men who visited their empire.

This privilege was only given to the strong men that they had recognized as someone who possessed prized seed. Even though Prince Maximilian and Prince Jason were considered geniuses in the Kraetor Empire, the Amazons didn't give them much consideration.

For them, members of the Royal Families had a huge advantage when it came to cultivating experts. Amazons preferred those that had become strong through hardships, and didn't rely on their family's influences.  

Only truly strong individuals would gain the right to have the Amazon women fawn on them and seduce them to become their partners.  

Suddenly, a red bird descended from the sky and landed on Chiffon's outstretched arm.  

"Will has safely entered their base," B1 reported. "He will start the operation in a few hours."

"Okay," Chiffon nodded. "Thank you, B1. Continue to monitor the surroundings, but do not alert them."

"Understood." B1 opened its wings and flew back towards the mountain to watch the enemy's movements.

—-

After sunset, Truedawn City started to become lively as the guests they had invited arrived at the Auction House.

Most of them were nobles from the different Kingdoms and Empires in the Central Continent. There were also members of the influential families that could be considered Overlords in their own Domains.

Although there were a few Kingdoms and Empires that banned slave trading, the majority didn't mind it too much. This was why the slave trading business was the most profitable business in the Central Continent.

"Ladies and gentlemen, It's my pleasure to be your host in today's auction," a handsome middle-aged man who was in his early thirties said with a smile. "I'm sure that all of you are very eager to buy your new slaves, so without further delay, let the auction begin!"

The curtains behind the man rose and a beautiful Elf, wearing red clothes that highlighted her curves, was escorted to the stage.  

Both of her hands were bound by manacles, so she couldn't use her magical powers to free herself from her captors. The men in the audience were captivated by her beauty and boldness.  

"Our special artifact has appraised her as a twenty-two year old Elf," the auctioneer said with a smile. "Her chastity is still intact, which is good news for everyone. I wonder, who among you will be the lucky person to make her a woman?"

The handsome middle-aged man lightly pushed the Elf's back to make her step forward, so that everyone could take a closer look at her.  

The Elf glared hatefully at the masked people who were looking at her like vultures that were about to descend to the sky and tear off her flesh.  

"I like her eyes. I wonder how long she will have that defiant look on her face after I am done with her."

"I've decided. She will be my next conquest! Elven girls are the best."

"Breaking her will surely prove to be a challenge. Even so, it will be worth it."

Seeing that everyone was itching to cast their bids, the host of the auction raised his hand to get the show going.

"Bidding starts at five thousand gold," the handsome middle-aged man said. "Increment will be a hundred gold. Start the bidding!"

"Six thousand!"

"Seven thousand!"

"Seven thousand six hundred!

"Eight thousand two hundred!"

"Ten Thousand gold coins!"

In the end, the elven beauty was sold for thirty-thousand gold coins. After that intense bidding war, the next batch of slaves was presented one by one.

Humans, Dwarves, Beastkins, all of them were sold to high prices which made the owner of the auction house very happy.

Meanwhile, backstage…

A Half-Elf with red hair and green eyes hummed as he brushed his hair.  

His hands were tied with manacles, and a black, slave collar hung on his neck. However, he didn't seem to mind it too much as he combed his hair properly.

His caretakers were looking at him in a weird manner because he looked so carefree. This was the first time they had seen a slave act this way and it was making them doubt their common sense.

"It's your turn," a lady in her late twenties said as she approached William. She then caressed the side of his face and her eyes were filled with greed. "Too bad, I can't join the bidding for you. I'm sure that you will be a good slave."

The Half-Elf didn't say anything and simply handed his comb to the lady.  

"Take this as a souvenir," The Half-Elf replied.  

He then allowed himself to be taken by the men to the stage, while humming a tune. The woman looked at his back in confusion. For some reason, she felt like the Half-Elf was making fun of her.

"Let's see how long you can keep that attitude of yours," the woman sneered as she followed behind the group. She didn't believe that the Half-Elf would still act pretentious after he was sold to his new master.  

When the Half-Elf appeared on stage, the women's gazes locked on him instantly.

"The next slave to be auctioned is a Half-Elf. According to our special artifact, he is eighteen years old," the middle-aged man said. "He is quite healthy, and would definitely be a good addition to your collections, my ladies."

The middle-aged man chuckled as he started the bidding for the Half-Elf.

"Bidding starts at five thousand gold coins with an increment of a hundred. Let's start."

"Eight thousand!"

"Ten thousand!"

"Twelve thousand!"

Everytime a lady bid for him, the Half-Elf would look in their direction and give them a wink. His playful antics made the ladies go gaga over him and the bidding war blazed into an inferno.

"Eighteen thousand gold coins!" a lady wearing a cat mask shouted. "The Half-Elf is mine!"

The Half-Elf glanced at her direction and smiled. "I'm not yet yours. You have to win the bidding first."

"Nineteen thousand!" a lady wearing a bird mask shouted. "Hands off b*tch he's mine!"

Another lady wearing a panther mask joined the fray. "Twenty thousand!"

"Twenty one thousand!"

"Twenty-two thousand."

In the end, a three-way battle was fought over the Half-Elf as the bid rose to twenty five thousand.

The three ladies were seated on VIP seats, which meant that they were high-ranking nobles.  

'Interesting, a cat, a bird, and a panther,' the Half-Elf thought with a smile. '

While the three ladies wearing masks glared at each other, an adorable voice spoke up and placed her bid.

"Twenty-two thousand one hundred."

The three girls simultaneously glared in the direction where the voice came from.  

Seated on a couch were two girls. The taller one wore an owl mask, while the smaller one wore a tiger mask.  

The lady wearing the tiger mask had long, pink hair, and even though they couldn't see her face, they assumed that she was no older than fourteen years old.

After a brief pause, the lady wearing a cat raised the bid once more.

"Twenty-five thousand!"

"Twenty-five thousand one hundred."

"Twenty-six thousand!"

"Twenty-six thousand one hundred."

"Twenty-eight thousand!"

"Twenty-eight thousand one hundred."

"Are you messing with me?!" the lady wearing a cat mask asked in irritation.

The young lady wearing a tiger mask looked in her direction and tilted her head in confusion. "No?"

"Then why are you only adding one hundred gold coins to all our bids?" the lady wearing a bird mask inquired.

"Didn't the auctioneer say that the increment should be a hundred gold coins?" the tiger-masked young lady answered. "I'm just following the rules."

The lady wearing a mask choked on her saliva because she didn't expect to hear the answer given to her by the young lady that was making things difficult for her.

"Girl, you're not breaking any rules, but can't you fight us properly?" the lady wearing the cat mask asked in irritation. "Just adding a hundred coins to our bid each time is disrespectful, you know?"

The young lady wearing the tiger mask nodded her head before placing another bid.

"Twenty-eight thousand one-hundred and one," the tiger-masked lady said. "There. I added one more coin. It's fine now, right? I exceeded the hundred increment rule."

Three girls who were duking it out a while ago almost spat out blood after hearing the young girl's reply. They didn't know whether to laugh or cry at the young lady's common sense.

Even the auctioneer could feel beads of sweat forming on his forehead. He had hosted many auctions in the past, but this was the first time that he had encountered a customer like the tiger-masked girl.  

Suddenly, a heartfelt laughter erupted from the stage of the auction room.  

William held his stomach as he laughed out loud.. He didn't expect his adorable wife to be capable of making people want to kill themselves just by saying a few innocent words.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 773: Say Hello To My Little FriendsChapter 773: Say Hello To My Little FriendsChapter 773: Say Hello To My Little Friends
Chapter 773

"Y-You! Who invited you to this auction?!" the bird-masked lady shouted. "Are you making fun of us?"

The tiger-masked lady shook her head. "No. Don't worry. I have money. Do you want me to add two coins instead of one? Okay. Twenty-eight thousand one-hundred and two. There!"

The cat-masked lady was about to throw a fireball at the irritating little tiger, but the people serving her immediately stopped her from doing so.

The auctioneer knew that if this continued, their auction house would become a big joke to the people of the underworld, so he decided to step forward and handle the situation.

"Young Miss, if possible, can you take this bidding seriously?" the handsome middle-aged man asked. "You are making things difficult for everyone. I'm sorry, but if you don't bid properly, we will have no choice but to ask you to leave the auction house."

The tiger-masked lady pouted behind her mask as she shifted her gaze to the auctioneer who was looking at her with an unfriendly gaze.

"Didn't you say that the increment for each bid should be a hundred coins?" the tiger-masked lady asked back.

"Yes. I did."

"Then you're the one at fault. I'm just bidding according to your words."

"But, Young Miss, there is this thing called 'reading the mood'. Surely, you know about this thing, right?"

The tiger-masked lady shook her head. "No. You were the one who was in the wrong. If you said that the increment should be a thousand gold coins each time then I would have done that. However, you said the increment should be done in the hundreds. I'm just doing what you told us."

"But…"

"I am a paying customer. Customer is always right."

"But…"

"Just because you are older than me you think you can bully me? What kind of auction is this? Is this the way you treat your customers? Big Sister, that old man is bullying me."

"There there. Don't mind him. We should be more understanding of plebeians. Maybe he doesn't have enough money to buy clothes. Don't worry, I will give him a few coins later."

The auctioneer became speechless because he didn't know how to proceed. Not only was the young girl calling him out for the words he said, but the older one actually called him a plebeian in front of everyone in the auction room.  

An awkward silence descended in the room. In a special VIP room overlooking the entire auction house, Marquis Grayson looked at this scene with a dumbfounded expression.

Even Brock, who had brought William to the auction house, couldn't keep the corner of his lips from twitching.  

After recovering his composure, Grayson communicated with the members of the Dark Guild to politely escort the two ladies out of the auction house. He was sure that none of his guests would mind him sending the two girls away.

"You sure invited some interesting nobles, Lord Grayson," Brock commented after Grayson finished giving his subordinates his orders.

"Well, we get some weirdos from time to time," Grayson replied as he cleared his throat. Although there had indeed been a few incidents in the past auctions, there was nothing that could compare to what he had seen today.

Grayson then communicated with the auctioneer and gave him the order to continue the auction. All of the guests he invited were influential people and he hoped that all of them could turn a blind eye to this unexpected turn of events.  

William shook his head helplessly when he saw the masked Lilith and Chiffon being escorted out of the VIP seats.  

"I apologize for this small mishap," the auctioneer said after wiping the sweat on his forehead with a handkerchief. "Let's continue the bidding."

Just as the ladies were about to throw their bids, the Half-Elf stepped forward.

"No," William stated. "This farce ends here."

Before anyone could understand the meaning behind his words, the Half-Elf casually broke the shackles that bound him.

William then turned towards the auctioneer and reached out his hand to grab him.

"Stop! I order you to kneel on the floor!" the auctioneer ordered.

The slave collar on William's neck glowed once, and the latter ceased all actions.

The auctioneer breathed in a sigh of relief as his face contorted in anger.

"Kneel! I order you to kneel!" The auctioneer pointed at William. In order to prevent any mishaps, he was given some authority to order the slaves that were wearing the slave collars inside the auction house.  

"Okay." William smirked. "Since you want to kneel that badly, I will let you kneel."

Before the auctioneer could do anything, William appeared behind his back and pressed his hand on the middle-aged man's shoulder.

"Go ahead and kneel," William ordered as he pushed his hands down.

Immediately, a strong pressure descended upon the auctioneer which made his body collapse. The Half-Elf held him in place, forcing him to kneel on the ground.  

William then glanced at the surroundings and gave everyone a devilish smile. He then raised his hand and tore the slave collar off his neck, as if it was just a piece of paper.  

"I came here to do one thing, and one thing only," William stated. "And that is… to make all of you regret your decision for coming here today."

Several portals appeared all around the auction house and the smile on William's face grew wider.

"Say hello to my little friends," William sneered as dozens of monsters flooded out of the portals. The bodies of the guards that were present in the auction house shuddered because they clearly felt the strength of the monsters that were coming out of the portals around them.

Brock's and Lord Grayson's faces paled when they, too, realized that the auction house had been invaded by Centennial and Millennial Ranked Beasts.  

Only one thought appeared on everyone's head and that was to…

"Run!"

No one knew who said that word, but it was more than enough to snap everyone out of their daze. The auction house immediately descended into chaos, as everyone ran for their lives.

William's loud laughter echoed behind them as the monsters in his King's Legion tore the entire place apart.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 774: Wait! Don’t You Know How To Count?!Chapter 774: Wait! Don’t You Know How To Count?!Chapter 774: Wait! Don’t You Know How To Count?!
Chapter 774

"Just where did these monsters come from?!"

"Stop talking and just run to the exit!"

"Where are the Elders that protect this place?! Why aren't they doing anything?!"

"Doesn't this place have any defenses? Why is it being overrun by monsters?!"

"Truedawn City focused its defense on an outside invasion, not an invasion from within. If you value your life, stop talking and just run!"

Complete pandemonium had erupted inside the auction house as hundreds of monsters flowed out of the portals in droves.  

"Dammit!" Lord Grayson hurriedly opened the secret passage in his personal VIP Room. Although Truedawn City had experts protecting it, most of them were Adamantium and Black Ranked Warriors.

There were only two Saint-Ranked warriors in the whole city, however they were only at the initial stages of the Saint Rank, so they were only as strong as Millennial Beasts in their middle stages.

Brock followed behind Lord Grayson and escaped through the secret passage, along with the Marsquiss' bodyguards. Since the monsters were rampaging inside the city, his safest option was to follow Lord Grayson till they reached the base of the mountain.  

"Remember, only incapacitate the members of the Dark Guilds and members of the Underworld," William ordered his legion via telepathy. "As for the rest of the people, herd them towards the exit. There will be a surprise waiting for them outside."

The Monsters gave William an affirmative reply as they wreaked havoc around them. They were not mindless beasts that wantonly killed people.  

As William was about to pursue the Big Bosses of Truedawn City, he heard a call from behind him.

"Will!" Chiffon called out as she ran towards him.

Lilith was not far behind with a dumbfounded expression on her face. Although she had heard that William could control a monster army, this was the first time that she had seen it in action.  

The powerful aura of the monsters made her realize that all of them were high-ranking beasts. Although they were only of the Centennial and Millennial Rank, thousands of them appearing all at once would give any major force in the Central Continent a big headache.

"It's going to get a bit messy in here, Chiffon," William said as he patted her head. "Do you want to fight alongside me?"

Chiffon nodded. "Un!"

William kissed her and the pink-haired girl turned into particles of light, which flew towards the gem on his chest.

Soon, a golden flame appeared on William's forehead and his aura became more powerful.  

Lilith, who watched this scene, became slack-jawed because she could feel Chiffon's power emanating from William's body.

'H-How can this be?!' Lilith gasped in shock. 'He can merge with the Deadly Sins?!'

As a member of the Seven Deadly Sins, Lilith was quite knowledgeable about their circumstances. There had never been any written record of someone who could use the Divinity of the Seven Deadly Sins by merging with them.

It was completely unheard of!  

William gave the dumbfounded Amazon Princess a side-long glance before flying out of the action house's broken roof. Optimus had already placed markers on Lord Grayson, Byron, and Skipper.  

The Half-Elf had no intention of letting any of them go, so he left the scene after giving his Kings Legion some reminders.

"Hello, little girl," Psoglav said as it appeared beside Lilith and grinned at her. "William said that you specialize in finding treasures. He asked me to raid the treasury of this underground city. Do you want to cooperate with us?"

Lilith was quite familiar with Psoglav because she had seen the Demonic Dog knock them out one by one during the fight against the Dryad.

"Sure, but I want a seventy-thirty split," Lilith replied. "I get 70, you guys get 30."

"Sixty-forty, or no deal." Psoglav replied. "We get sixty, you get forty. William said that if you refuse, he will not take you to the Forbidden Ground to play."

Lilith was about to reject the offer, but after pondering for a bit, she realized that going to the forbidden ground would yield greater treasures compared to the underground city.

"Fine," Lilith said through gritted teeth. The Amazon knew that she needed to work together with William in order to earn some brownie points. As long as she got her share, getting the smaller piece of the pie was acceptable.

—–

At the Lord's Mansion located on the north end of the City…

"Damn! How could you do this to me, Brock?" Grayson complained as he collected the valuable items in his treasury. "Why did you bring that menace to the underground city?!"

Brock's face had already turned ashen. It never crossed his mind that the Half-Elf that he had caught not long ago was a wolf in sheep's clothing. When he had captured William wandering the borders of the City of Alabaster, he thought that he had struck the jackpot.

Elves and Half-Elves had always been in demand in the Black Market, so getting those races would definitely give him a good sum, once they were sold in the auctions. Not once did he think that instead of bringing in a sheep for the slaughter, he had actually invited a calamity inside their stronghold.

Now, all the ringleaders of Truedawn City were trying to escape like wild ducks that had heard the sound of gunshot.  

They knew that even if they mobilized their forces to defend the city, it would be all for naught. Everyone was busy trying to escape with their lives, and had already thought of abandoning the city.

"We should leave, My Lord," one of Lord Grayson's bodyguards said. "The Monster Army is almost here. Right now, their numbers have already increased to tens of thousands. This is the end of Truedawn City."

Lord Grayson clenched his fist in anger, but there was nothing he could do but flee. However, just as he was about to lead everyone to the secret passage that would take them to the base of the mountain, the roof above their heads crumbled.

When the dust settled, everyone in the room stared at the newcomer that had appeared and was looking at them with a teasing smile.

"Who are you?!" Lord Grayson. "Why are you doing this?!"

William ignored the Marquis as he waved his hand.  

Several energy balls, the size of bowling balls, slammed into the bodyguards that were standing beside Lord Grayson.  

The guards were caught by surprise. The next thing they knew, all of them had slammed against the wall and their vision was turning dark.  

"Only the two of you are left," William said. "Ah! Don't even think about bribing me with money, lands, position, or women, like third rate villains. That won't work on me."

Lord Grayson almost choked because that was exactly what he was planning to do. He could tell that the red-headed teenager was strong. All of his guards were of the Black-Rank and all of them were sent flying before they could even do anything.

This just showed that the Half-Elf was stronger than them, so he had no choice but to try his luck and do his best to negotiate.

"Young man, everyone has a price," Lord Grayson replied. "I can give you anything you want. I am a Marquis of the Aiur Empire. Regardless of what it is, I will give it to you!"

"Really? Will you give me anything I want?"

"Yes!"

William smirked. "Then give me all your storage rings and storage bags. I will only count to ten. If those items are not in my possession, I will be taking them by force."

"One…"

"Two…"

"Five…"

"Eight!"

"Wait! Don't you know how to count?!" Lord Grayson cursed out loud. He then hastily threw his storage rings and storage bags at the floor in order to appease the Half-Elf that was emitting killing intent towards them.  

Lord Grayson was trying to buy time so that he could activate the long-distance artifact in his possession. But, he would need at least four seconds to activate it.

Time that the Half-Elf didn't plan to give him.

William snapped his fingers and an icicle spear jutted out of the ground, hitting the artifact that was hidden in Lord Grayson's left chest pocket.  

The artifact was destroyed instantly, and the Marquis cried out in pain after getting stabbed in the chest.

Lord Grayson took a few steps back while pressing his hand over the wound on his chest. He looked fearfully at William who was walking in his direction.

"N-No! Don't kill me!" Lord Grayson pleaded. "Have mercy!"

"You don't deserve mercy," William said with contempt. "What you deserve is death."

William stomped on the ground and several ice spears pierced Lord Grayson's, and Brock's body, seriously injuring them.

Suddenly, ice spread outward from their wounds, slowly covering their entirety in ice.  

In the end, only their heads were left untouched. They looked at William in horror because no matter what they did, they couldn't break free from the icy prison that had trapped them.

"Don't worry. I will not be the one to end your lives," William smiled evilly. "I will let the slaves that you captured deal with both of you. I'm sure that they will give both of you the VIP treatment that you deserve."

Brock stared at William with unwillingness and regret. If only he hadn't captured the Half-Elf in front of him due to greed, his lifestyle might have remained unchanged. Now, it was too late.

He knew that if the slaves get their hands on them, He and the Marquis would suffer a very long and painful death.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 775: I Don’t Care Who You Are, Who You Know, Or Where You’re FromChapter 775: I Don’t Care Who You Are, Who You Know, Or Where You’re FromChapter 775: I Don’t Care Who You Are, Who You Know, Or Where You’re From
Chapter 775

Several members of the Dark Guilds lay on the grounds moaning in pain. They were the warriors that the Underworld had dispatched in order to deal with the monsters that had suddenly appeared inside the Auction House.

What they didn't know was that they weren't only dealing with a few monsters. When they realized that they were up against thousands, it was already too late to run away.

Although William had ordered his Kings Legion to incapacitate the members of the Dark Guilds, he didn't tell them to simply knock them unconscious.

The order that the Half-Elf had given them was this.

"You can do whatever you want, as long as they're still breathing. Don't touch the buyers in the auction house, just chase them towards the exit of the city. Everyone else is fair game."

Because of this, the Monsters didn't hold back. Some of them broke the warrior's arms and legs, others tore them off their bodies.  

Psoglav thrashed his Dark Whip around his surroundings, while gnawing on a dismembered arm that belonged to an Adamantium Ranked Warrior who had attacked him earlier.

"Hah, so troublesome," Kasogonaga said as he walked beside Psoglav. The rainbow-colored anteater didn't join the fight and simply observed the carnage around him. "Turning this place upside down doesn't pose any kind of challenge. All the enemies are weak."

Psoglav chuckled as it brandished its whip to grab a warrior who was about to run away. It then slammed the warrior to the ground repeatedly until the latter fainted.

"It's not that the enemies are weak." Psoglav corrected. "We just became stronger."

Psoglav then stomped on the warrior's legs, and hands, breaking them completely. If it didn't accompany William in his journey, it might have never climbed the rank that it had now.

Any of the warriors that the Dark Guilds had dispatched was strong enough to kill his former self. Now, he could trample all of them with ease.  

"True," Kasogonaga agreed.  

After it had escaped its icy prison, its rank had degraded. If not for William, clearing out the magic crystals in the Kyrintor Mountains, the rainbow-colored Anteater would have definitely remained trapped in time, unable to awaken from its slumber.

"Almost all the residents have evacuated," Psoglav glanced at its surroundings. "Time for the next phase of the plan."

"Can we really trust that Amazon?"

"Relax. Aethon, B1, and B2 are raiding the treasury alongside her. Those birds have a good memory and that girl will not be able to play any dirty tricks while they are around."

"I hope you're right," Kasogonaga replied.

——

"Do I look good?"

"Chirp!"

"How about me?"

"Chirp!"

The two dumb birds were wearing golden necklaces on their bodies like gangsters.  

"Oh this ring looks good on my claw," B1 said in appreciation. "How about you Aethon? Do you want some?"

The little Wren shook its head as it chirped at the two dumb birds who had decked their bodies out with various accessories.

Lilith who was busy removing the various traps in the treasury could feel her face twitching. This was the first time she had seen birds act in this manner.  

'They're like William,' Lilith thought. 'A bunch of posers!'

The four of them had fought their way towards the treasury and knocked out all of the guards that blocked their way.  

Lilith had gotten a bit of understanding as to what the two birds were capable of, and it unnerved her.  

When facing opponents, the birds would fire magic missiles that came from those so-called "Lollipops" that she was seeing for the first time in her life.  

When the charges of the lollipops run out, they would hurl bottles of acids at their enemies that were strong enough to melt steel.

If given the choice, Lilith didn't want to face these birds in battle. Not only did they hurl all kinds of dangerous items at their enemies, they also insulted and cursed them with vulgarities.  

She became speechless when the red bird, B1, even cursed one of the Black-Ranked Warriors up their thirteenth generation. The man had gone insane and attacked B1 with the intention of perishing together.

Unfortunately, the Dumb Bird was now a Pseudo-Centennial Beast, and was strong enough to slap the assailant away with its wing.

"Oi! Keep those hands moving!" B1 glanced at Lilith who would stare at their direction from time to time. "We still have a dozen more locations to visit. Put your back into it!"

"That's right," B2 commented from the side.  

"Oh, this tiara will look good on our Chiffon. Let's give this to her later."

"Indeed. Our Chiffon is the best."

"Chirp!"

Lilith was very tempted to hurl the treasure chest she was trying to unlock at the two dumb birds and bury them with its weight.

Fortunately, she was able to stop herself in time.

'Just you wait,' Lilith thought as the lock in her hands broke apart. 'I'll make William pay for this.'

—-

"Achooo!"

William rubbed his nose while watching Chiffon smash the treasure chests using Sharur. Unlike Lilith, who had the ability to unlock any kind of traps and chests, the pink-haired girl opted to use the Smasher of Thousands to forcefully bash the treasure chests that were stored in the warehouse of one of the Big Shots of the City.

Most of the members of the Dark Guilds had been dealt with. After their rampage ended, the members of William's King's Legion started to pillage the entire city.  

The Requiem Antz that had transformed into lobsters and crabs diligently took everything of value back to the Thousand Beast Domain. Even the tables and chairs didn't escape their grasp!

< Will, the nobles and other non combatants that escaped have all been captured by the border patrols that encircled the mountains. >

"Good," William replied. The Half-Elf then sent his legion an order to double their pace in clearing out the items inside the city. He planned to ransack it to the ground and leave nothing for the army of Alabaster who had arrived to assist them in their operation.

A few hours ago, Chiffon and Lilith had gone to the City of Alabaster to make their report. The Amazon Princess went straight to the embassy of the Ares Empire and asked them to help her communicate with the various forces in the city.

At first, the Army of the City was skeptical about her claims. However, after knowing that she was the Princess of the Ares Empire, they thought that listening to her report was the least that they could do.

However, when she told them that there was a slave trading city near them, everyone went bonkers and pressed her for more information.  

Since the city was a gathering place of the different races, they hated slave traders to the core. Once Lilith had told them that there was an underground city that sold slaves near their territory, they decided to mobilize their troops to surround the mountain, in order to purge the bastards from their Domain once and for all.  

"Don't you know who I am?!" a captured noble screamed at the top of his lungs. "I am a good friend of the Prince of Rinoa! You can't touch me!"

"I am the daughter of a count! Get your filthy hands off me!"

"Release me! You mongrel, release me!"

A burly Tigerkin who was over two-meters tall had his arms crossed over his chest as he watched his men tie up the nobles that had escaped from the mountain.  

Due to the commotion that had happened inside the city. All the defenders that were keeping a lookout for outside forces, hastily entered the city to check what was happening.

The Army of Alabaster used this opportunity to storm the front door and lay an ambush, capturing everyone that was headed to the exit.

They couldn't believe that an underground city was built so close to their city. If not for the Angray Birds that led them to the hidden entrance, they would have overlooked it completely.

"Commander, we managed to capture over five hundred nobles, as well as a thousand slave workers," a Half-Elf reported.  

The anger in her eyes was evident. If not for the strict discipline that had been imposed on them by their Commander, she might have already started killing the people who dared to break the taboo of their Domain.

"Take two hundred men and scout the interior," the Tiger-kin ordered. He then grabbed Skipper, who had also been captured by his subordinates, by the neck and stared into his eyes hatefully. "You will guide my men to free the slaves that you have imprisoned. Do you understand?"

Skipper gasped for breath as the Tiger-kin strangled his neck. Only when he was about to lose consciousness did the Tiger-kin throw him to the ground.

"Go," the Tiger-kin ordered. "Save our brothers and sisters from this hell."

"Yes, Sir!" the Half-Elf saluted before dragging Skipper towards the underground city.

The Tiger-kin watched until their backs disappeared in the distance. He then eyed the people that they had captured with a feral gaze.  

"I don't care who you are, who you know, or where you're from," the TIger-kin said in a voice that was laced with killing intent. "There is only one thing that all of you should know. Everyone here will be punished according to our laws. There will be no exceptions!"

The faces of the nobles paled after hearing the Tiger-kin's words. They knew that the punishment for the slave traders was death, and many years of imprisonment for the slave buyers.  

Their only hope was for their family members to come and bail them out. But, even then, the price they had to pay as compensation would amount to no less than a million gold coins. If their families couldn't pay this amount, they would be imprisoned for an indefinite amount of time.

The Tiger-kin snorted as he ordered his men to be on high alert. He didn't know what caused these people to flee from the underground city.. All he knew was that whoever was responsible for dealing this deadly blow to the slave traders, would be the friend of the Port City of Alabaster for life.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 776: Dream An Impossible DreamChapter 776: Dream An Impossible DreamChapter 776: Dream An Impossible Dream
Chapter 776

Barracks located inside the Port City of Alabaster…

"It's my honor to meet you, William Von Ainsworth," the Tiger-kin Commander, Whitefang, said with a smile. "I didn't think that the most famous member of the young generation would not only enter our Domain, but help us rid ourselves of a thorn that was growing right under our nose. We are truly grateful for your help."

"The pleasure is mine, Commander," William replied. "I couldn't possibly turn a blind eye to these bastards who are harming the lives of our people. My only regret is that I can't wipe them all off from the face of the Central Continent."

White Fang looked at William with admiration. There had been some merchants from the City of Alabaster that regularly visited the Tower of Babylon.  

When they heard that William had kicked the ruling families that promoted slave trading from the tower, the Half-Elf's name had been the talk of the town for the past few weeks.  

Most of them wanted to get the chance to meet the red-headed teenager, but due to their duties, they couldn't leave their posts.  

Fortunately, he visited their Domain and even helped them with the slave traders who were active near their borders.

White Fang's Vice Commander, Haleth, the beautiful Half-Elf with blonde hair and green eyes, looked at William with a beet-red face.

"Sir William, are you planning to stay in the city?" Haleth said in a voice that was laced with adoration. "If you don't mind, I can be your tour guide during your stay. Commander, can I ask for a vacation leave? I would like to guide Sir William around our territory."

White Fang glanced at his subordinate's pleading gaze and chuckled internally.

"I never thought I'd see the day when our pretty Haleth would act like a lady," White Fang teased. "You've always acted like a tomboy when you're with us, but as soon as Sir William arrives in our city, you become all lady-like again. What kind of sorcery is this?"

"Commander!" Haleth glared at the burly Tiger-kin who was grinning at her.

White Fang then patted his chest and gave Haleth the "Leave this to me" wink, which made the Half-Elf's already red face even redder.

"Commander, we came here to the city to re-supply our food rations," William said with a smile. "At most, we can only stay here for two days before we resume our travels."

Disappointment flashed across Haleth's face when she heard that her idol was planning to leave the city in two days. However, this expression only lasted for a brief moment before she returned to her normal state.

"Two days? What's the rush?" White Fang asked. For him, Haleth was like a little sister. He thought that since William was also a Half-Elf, Haleth and him had a lot in common, since both of them were Half-Elves.  

"There is a place that I need to visit, and I want to go there as soon as possible," William replied. "However, since this is a rare opportunity, I can stay for another day or two to see the attractions of the City of Alabaster."

White Fang nodded in understanding. He then thought of a way to use this short period of time to pull some strings in the background. Although it might be a longshot, it was quite possible that sparks would fly between the two Half-Elves if he gave both of them a little push.

'I didn't think that I would play matchmaker in this manner,' White Fang mused as he glanced at the two Half-Elves that were smiling at each other.

After thinking things through, he decided to give Haleth a chance and decided to give her a few days off.

"Haleth, from today onwards, you will be Sir William's tour guide," White Fang ordered. "This will be your mission, so make sure that you accomplish this mission at all cost!"

"Y-Yes, Sir!" Haleth stuttered as she gave White Fang a salute.

Chiffon and Lilith looked at the overly excited blonde Half-Elf whose face had reddened once again.

"Sir William, since you will be staying here for a few days, please, allow me to take you to the best inn in the city," Haleth proposed. "I promise that you will not be disappointed."

William smiled and nodded his head. "Thank you. I'll be in your care. Please, lead the way."

"Understood!" Haleth unconsciously saluted William out of habit which made White Fang burst in laughter.

After that brief episode in the Barracks, Haleth led William, and the two ladies accompanying him, to the inn called Shaking Nut Tavern. The medium-sized inn was located not far from the city center, which made it the ideal place to stay if you were a traveler.

"How many rooms do you plan to have, Sir William?" Haleth asked as she gave Chiffon and Lilith a side-long glance.  

Both girls were exceptional beauties in their own right.

Lilith had a valiant appeal, and her sun-kissed skin was radiating with youth and energy. Since she was a warrior, her body was fit and no excess fat could be seen anywhere. She also had curves in the right places, which made the men they met along the way turn their heads to look at her in appreciation.

Chiffon, on the other hand, stood out because of her cuteness. Her small height, and her overall appeal makes people want to give her a hug. Even Haleth found it hard to resist the little girl's innocent charms.  

As part of the army that managed the safety of the City of Alabaster, Haleth's observation skills were second to none. She could tell if one was an evil-doer with a glance, and this ability of hers had allowed the patrolling army to capture suspicious individuals before they could even manage to do their nefarious deeds.

"Two rooms," William replied. "One room with an extra large bed."

"I see…," Haleth nodded her head in understanding. "We'll do that then."  

After observing Chiffon and Lilith for a while, she found out that there seemed to be a distance between Lilith and William. This made Haleth a little happy because for her, the one with the highest threat among the two girls was Lilith.

With that said, Haleth couldn't help but feel envious at the special treatment that Chiffon received from William.  

The way the red-headed teenager held the young lady's hand, as well as the way he looked at Chiffon, made her jealous. It was very obvious that William truly cared for her, and Haleth wished that she could take the young lady's place.

Of course, this was only in her mind. For her, William was the idol of all Half-Elves. A man that wouldn't turn a blind eye to the evil of the world and would use force to mete out justice to those who deserved it.

William was like the moon in the sky during night time. He seemed so close that one could reach out to hold him, and yet, those same hands wouldn't be able to hold anything.

'Hah, who am I kidding? This is impossible,' Haleth side as she tried to curb the fantasy that was starting to play in her head. 'Get a grip, Haleth. You should face reality. Don't dream an impossible dream.'

Using all of her willpower, she did her best to push down the budding feelings in her heart. For now, she would treasure these precious feelings. Haleth knew that after William left the City of Alabaster, the chances of meeting him again would be very slim.

Since that was the case, she would just do her job and guide him properly.. That way, these beautiful memories of seeing her idol would remain in her heart, till the end of time.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 777: There Is Nothing I Can’t StealChapter 777: There Is Nothing I Can’t StealChapter 777: There Is Nothing I Can’t Steal
Chapter 777

The first rays of sunlight peered through the window and hit Lilith's face. The Amazon Princess opened her eyes and slowly propped herself up from the bed.  

She then walked towards the window and opened it to admire the City of Alabaster, which was hailed as the biggest trade city in the western part of the continent.

"I wonder if he's still asleep," Lilith thought as she extended her senses to the room next to her.  

Although it was barely audible, she heard the sound of a sleeper's breathing in William's room. Clearly, the Half-Elf was still asleep, and it made Lilith shake her head helplessly.

"The two of them only stopped at dawn," Lilith muttered. "It is understandable why they are still both asleep. I guess they will wake up around noon."

Lilith then washed her face before leaving her room to eat at the inn's tavern. She had visited the City of Alabaster once in the past, but it had been a few years since then. That time, her Mother assigned her to go in her place to supervise the building of the Amazon embassy in the port city.

Although it was called an Embassy, it was more of a warehouse used by the Amazons to store the products that they had bought from the merchant ships that frequented the city. Also, the City of Alabaster was a place where the different races mingled together.

It was a good place to find strong individuals that they could invite to the Ares Empire in order to strengthen their bloodline.

The Amazons were granted by a special blessing of their Goddess, Astarte, that allowed them to give birth to children with the special bloodline characteristics of their father. Naturally, Amazons that were born with this strong bloodline, could also pass their ability to their daughters.  

This was why the Amazons liked to invite the talented prodigies of the influential Clans who had special bloodline talents, exclusive to their families.

Lilith and her two sisters were born from such a union.  

She was the middle child, and held far more freedom compared to her sisters. This allowed her to travel the land whenever she wanted, and only return home when she missed her family.  

The Amazon Princess was about to order her breakfast, when she saw a pretty Half-Elf with blonde hair and green eyes enter the tavern.  

The moment Haleth entered, she immediately saw Lilith and approached her with a smile.

"Good morning," Haleth greeted.

Lilith smiled and gave her a brief nod. "Good morning. Have you had breakfast yet?"

"No. I came here early because I thought that all of you would already be awake… is Sir William still sleeping?"

"He is."

A look of disappointment flashed in Haleth's eyes, but it only lasted for a brief moment.  

"Why don't you join me for breakfast?" Lilith proposed.  

"I'll take you up on your offer then," Haleth replied with a smile.

After ordering their food, the two ladies chose a table in the corner of the tavern. Since it would take a while before their food was served, Lilith decided to ask the army officer a few personal questions about herself.

It was quite easy for her to tell that the Half-Elf was very interested in William, so she decided to tease her a bit.

"Do you like William?" Lilith asked as she propped her chin over her open palm.  

"W-Was it that obvious?" Haleth stuttered. "Oh, no! Did Sir William notice it as well?!"

Haleth covered her face in embarrassment. She thought that she did a good job hiding her feelings, but looking at the confident smile on Lilith's face, she knew that her cover was blown.  

"I think he did," Lilith replied. "Between you and me, I think he has the mindset that all girls will fall in love with him because of his good looks."

Haleth blinked once then twice before the meaning of Lilith's words dawned upon her.  

"Sir William is like that?" Haleth inquired in a hushed tone. "Is he some kind of narcissist or something?"

Lilith smirked. "A bit. Fortunately, he's not the type that would look in the mirror and say 'I'm so good looking. I guess I'll just marry myself!'"

The two girls stared at each other for a few seconds before chuckling at the same time. A minute later, both of them managed to reign in their laughter and continue their chat, while they waited for their food.  

"I didn't know that Sir William has this side to him," Haleth said. "For me, he's someone unreachable. But, after hearing your words today, it made me realize that despite his legendary status, he's still Human."

"Half-Elf," Lilith corrected. "He's only half Human. Just like you."

Haleth smiled as she eyed Lilith. "You're an Amazon, right?"

"Yes," Lilith replied.  

"Then, are you interested in Sir William?"

"I'm only interested in his seed. We prefer to give birth to the children of strong men."

Haleth's expression was tinged with curiosity as she pressed on with more questions.

"Do Amazons know the meaning of love?" Haleth inquired. "I mean, you are a matriarchal society, so men didn't have much power in your domain. I've heard stories that Amazons treat the men like slaves. Is this true?"

"Nonsense. Although women hold the power in our Empire, we don't mistreat men," Lilith answered. "They are treated with respect because Amazons only give birth to the child of the strong. This has been our tradition since ancient times, and will remain the same in the future.  

"As for love… There are Amazons who also fall in love. We're not that strict when it comes to these things, but they are a small minority. "

Haleth smiled. "Have you ever fallen in love, Lilith?"

"No."

"Not even once?"

Lilith shook her head. "I've seen many men, but for some reason, I don't feel any strong attraction to them."

Haleth nodded. "Then what about Sir William? Do you not feel attracted to him?"

Lilith was about to say no, but suddenly remembered the time when William confronted her because she stole the Collar of Wister from Princess Sidonie.

Back then, William's eyes looked so cold and the pressure that he had given her made her unable to breathe. Because of this, she returned the collar to him, without putting up a fight.

She could still remember that incident like it was only yesterday. William's light-green eyes, which looked so warm and tender whenever he looked at his wives, had been as cold as a blade that was sharp enough to pierce her soul.

That was the first time someone looked at her in that way, and it left a lasting impression on the Amazon Princess.

"I guess he's not half bad," Lilith answered. "Still, don't get the wrong idea. I'm only after his seed, and have no intention of falling in love with him. I'm just doing my duty as an Amazon."

Haleth sighed after hearing Lilith's words. She knew that this was part of Lilith's heritage, and the culture had been ingrained deeply in her bones. Even so, she felt that it was such a shame for someone as strong-willed as Lilith to not experience what love was.

"I wish with all my heart that you experience what love is like, Lilith," Haleth said.  

"What are you? Some kind of hopeless romantic?" Lilith smirked. She had seen many girls like Haleth. Girls who dreamed that they would find their prince charming and live happily ever after.  

Unlike the Half-Elf, Lilith didn't believe in happy endings. Although she was a Princess, she wasn't looking for a Prince.  

'Love only makes people weak.' Lilith thought.

"Then, what if you fall in love?"

"Like I said, that's not happening."

Haleth shook her head as she lightly tapped the table using her fingertip.

"Just humor me," Haleth stated.  

She was very curious about what kind of answer Lilith would give her after she had asked the Amazon a question.

"What if you fall in love, and the man you love already has a lover?" Haleth inquired. "What will you do if that happens?"  

The Amazon Princess gave Haleth a mischievous smile before answering her question.

"If I really fall in love with someone, and they are already taken, then there's only one thing that I can do and that is to steal them." Lilith replied. "Silly girl. There is nothing in this world that I can't take."

The Amazon glanced in the direction of the staircase and saw William walking down the stairs, while holding Chiffons' hand. The two chatted with each other, and the tender gaze that he gave the pink-haired girl was vastly different from that cold, and indifferent look that he had given her back then.

The smile on Lilith's face widened as she looked at the two lovers, who were still unaware that she was looking at them from the corner of the tavern.

'Yes. There is nothing I can't steal,' Lilith mused as she looked at the Half-Elf who only had eyes for his wives.. 'Not even your heart is safe from me.'


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 778: Do I Look Amazing Enough For You To Surrender Your Seed?Chapter 778: Do I Look Amazing Enough For You To Surrender Your Seed?Chapter 778: Do I Look Amazing Enough For You To Surrender Your Seed?
Chapter 778

After breakfast, Haleth took William, Chiffon, and Lilith for a tour around the city.  

As the trade capital of the West, it had many shops and boutiques that catered to people of all ages.  

There were also many specialty dishes that came from all over the world, which made Chiffon very happy. The little glutton sampled as many as she could, including snacks and desserts, which made Haleth wonder where all the food that she had eaten had gone.

"Chiffon, you've been eating since we've left," Health said anxiously. "Are you sure you're going to be fine? Sir William said that you'll be staying here for two days, so you don't have to force yourself to taste everything."

"Big Sister, I'll be fine," Chiffon replied before taking a bite of a croquette that William had just bought for her. "No matter how much I eat, I won't gain any weight."

"H-How envious. I can't eat as much as you, or else my figure will be destroyed," Haleth said enviously. "In the future, you should eat moderately, Chiffon. What will you do if you suddenly become fat and Sir William won't like you anymore."

Chiffon almost dropped the croquette in her hands in panic. She then looked at William with an anxious look, which made the red-headed teenager chuckle.

"Don't worry, even if you become a little chubby, I won't mind." William patted the pink-haired girl's head. "So, eat as much as you want."

"Will it really be okay if I become as fat as Mama Adephagia?"

"… Y-Yes."  

Chiffon smiled as she happily bit into the croquette in her hands. Ever since she had lost her mother, the Goddess of Gluttony had treated her like a real daughter. Because of this, Chiffon and Adephagia were really close, and was also why the Goddess of Gluttony went out of her way to make her daughter happy.

William watched his little wife eat one croquette after the other with a smile. But, deep inside, he vowed that he would not allow Chiffon to become as fat as the Goddess of Gluttony, who even threatened to sit on his head if he ever made Chiffon cry.

Lilith watched this scene with a calm expression as she strolled the city with her three companions. What the three didn't know was that she was also talking to her Patron Goddess, Mammon, as they explored the sights and sounds of the City of Alabaster.

"Lilith, the Forbidden Ground is a dangerous place, but it also holds great opportunities," Mammon said. "When you venture inside it, pay attention to your surroundings. The Dryad that you faced is nothing compared to the Monsters that reside inside it."

"Are there Myriad Beasts inside the Seventh Sanctum?" Lilith inquired. She had heard that the Forbidden Ground were dangerous places, but she didn't know how truly dangerous they were.

"Myriad Beasts are the least of your worries," Mammon answered. "Although I can't tell you exactly what you can encounter inside the Seventh Sanctum, know that utmost caution is required. I know that you and William plan to look for treasures, but do you really think that it is going to be that easy? If both of you think that way then I can only say that the two of you are naive."

Lilith nodded. "I will do my best to be careful. Thank you for the reminders, Your Excellency."

"Good. also, tell that Half-Elf that he shouldn't be too overconfident when he enters the Forbidden Ground. There are places where brute strength will not be enough to save him."

"Understood."

—–

Four hours later…

William rented a medium-sized boat, and all of them went on a boat cruise. They even visited a small island two miles away from the port, and stayed there for lunch.  

"What is that dress that Chiffon is wearing?" Haleth asked while pointing at Chiffon who was wearing a one-piece pink swimsuit with a frilly skirt. The pink-haired girl was letting the waves wash over her feet. Clearly, she was enjoying this weird sensation of the sand slipping past her feet.

"That's called a swimsuit," William said.  

"One-piece swimsuit?"

"Yes. A swimsuit. Do you want to wear one?"

"I think I'll pass." Haleth shook her head. She was a conservative type, and someone that didn't want to show a lot of skin to people. This was why she preferred wearing her uniform even though she acted as the tour guide for William's group.

"That swimsuit looks interesting. Can I try wearing one?" Lilith asked.  

"Are you sure?" William asked back.

Lilith nodded. "Yes. Since we're the only people on this island, I don't mind giving it a shot."

William observed the Amazon from head to foot. As an Amazon, Lilith's clothes showed a lot of skin, which made the red-headed teenager nod his head in approval.

"Okay, give me a second," William replied. He then pretended to look at the contents of his storage ring while Optimus bought a two piece bikini from the God Shop.  

After a minute, William passed the two pieces of clothing to Lilith which made Haleth blush like there was no tomorrow.

"W-Wait, isn't that just underwear? Haleth asked. "Sir William, please, don't tease Lilith."

William wagged his finger at the beet-red faced young lady. "That is not underwear. That is a two-piece swimsuit."

Lilith glanced at the swimsuit in her hands before glancing back at William. She then went to the boat in order to change her clothes, leaving the slack-jawed Haleth behind.

"Will, let's play," Chiffon said as she pulled William towards the water.  

Haleth watched as the two started to frolic and splash water at each other. Chiffon's childish giggles reverberated in the air, which made the pretty Half-Elf sigh in envy.

She wished that she could do the same with William, but unfortunately, she didn't have the courage to wear skimpy clothing.

Suddenly, something appeared at the corner of her vision, and the pretty Half-Elf turned her head to the side.

She couldn't help but gasp at the Amazon whose lean and toned body made her jealous.

'H-How can she show herself like that in front of a man?' Haleth couldn't believe what she was seeing.  

William also noticed Lilith's approach and the latter gave the Amazon an appraising gaze before giving her two thumbs up in his heart.

'Indeed, a beautiful girl will look good in anything they wear,' William thought as he eyed the Amazon who was walking towards him with a confident smile.

Lilith's skin was lightly tanned, and the red swimsuit highlighted her body perfectly.  

William had long gained some kind of immunity when it came to beautiful women because all of his wives were beautiful. Not only that, he had also seen them in their birthday suits.  

Although Lilith wasn't as beautiful as Princess Sidonie, and Celine, her appeal was more than enough to make any man wish that she was their girlfriend.

Also, the regal warrior aura that she radiated and the confident smile on her face made her a bonafide headturner. Even William had to admit that Lilith was an exotic beauty that was different from his wives.

"Well, how do I look?" Lilith inquired.

"You look amazing," William replied honestly.  

"Do I look amazing enough for you to surrender your seed?"

"On second thought…"

Lilith chuckled when she heard the Half-Elf taking back his words. She clearly saw the appreciation on William's face, and for some reason, it made her happy.  

The Amazon Princess wasn't someone who actively sought the recognition of others, but William's reply was enough for her to feel confident about herself.

'So, he finds me attractive as well,' Lilith thought. 'Too bad the two of us are not alone on this island.'

Lilith glanced at Chiffon who was also staring at her body. The Amazon thought that the little girl would feel inferior because Lilith was more sexy than her.  

However, no trace of jealousy or envy could be seen in Chiffon's innocent gaze. For a brief moment, Lilith even felt a sense of peace in the pink-haired girl's eyes as she appraised her from a distance.

Lilith was not aware that Chiffon had been able to throw away all of her insecurities after she had become William's wife. The little glutton knew that William loved her for who she was, so she stopped worrying about competing with his other wives.

Although her chest wasn't as big as Celine's, and her face wasn't as beautiful as Princess Sidonie's, Chiffon no longer cared.  

After William and Chiffon were satisfied with looking at the eye candy before them, the two decided to head back out to the sea to swim.  

Lilith felt competitive and joined the two, and the three of them swam far from the shore… leaving a pitiful Half-Elf to stand alone at the beach, all by herself.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 779: Entering The Forbidden GroundChapter 779: Entering The Forbidden GroundChapter 779: Entering The Forbidden Ground
Chapter 779

Two days passed, and it was now time for William's group to resume their journey.

Haleth and a few of her subordinates escorted the three of them until they arrived at the border of their Domain.

"Sir William, please visit us again," Haleth said as she gave the Half-Elf a salute. "That goes for Chiffon and Lilith as well. I'd be happy to become your tour guide once again.  

William smiled and nodded his head. "I'll take you up on that offer, Miss Haleth. We will be passing by the City of Alabaster on our return trip, so I look forward to seeing you again. Once again, thank you for your hospitality. Our short break here in the city washed away the fatigue of our journey."

After saying a few more parting words, William summoned Raiden, his Dark Qilin, which surprised Haleth and her subordinates. Bidding their final farewells, the Qilin rose up to the sky and flew southwards.  

As the scenery sped past them, William, Chiffon, and Lilith noticed the subtle changes in the terrain.

They noticed that, as they neared their destination, the Flora and Fauna on the ground was getting sparse.  

An hour later, William and the girls saw a giant purple dome in the distance. Tendrils of lightning snaked across its surface, and a purple mist covered its interior.

As they drew closer, all of them felt like a weight was pressing down on them. Even Raiden's speed slowed, and their altitude slowly decreased with each passing second.

"Lilith, if you still want to back out, feel free to speak your mind," William said. "Once we enter that thing, I can't guarantee your safety."

"I already made up my mind," Lilith replied. "I'm going with you."

Since the Amazon had already decided, William didn't try to dissuade her. He only ordered Raiden to land near the border of the purple dome, because they planned to enter it on foot.  

Flying inside the Forbidden Ground was a disaster in the making. Not only would they not know what lay ahead, the Dark Qilin's presence might also attract the Overlords of the Domain. This would only make things difficult for William and his group, so he decided against it.

The Half-Elf firmly held Chiffon's hand as they passed through the purple dome. Lilith followed behind the two as she raised her guard to the fullest.

When they entered the domain, the purple mist was so dense that they could only see a meter in front of them.  

Suddenly, William reached out to hold Lilith's hand, which caught the Amazon completely by surprise.  

"Visibility is close to zero," William said with a serious expression on his face. "We need to stick together. If we get separated in this mist, we might have a hard time finding each other."

Lilith nodded in understanding. She knew that what William said was right, so she didn't reject his offer. As the three of them walked side-by-side, all of them expanded their senses outwards.

They didn't know how long they walked, but after William looked at his status page, he found out that they had already been walking for two hours.

Optimus had activated the system's compass, so the Half-Elf was sure that they were walking in a straight line.  

Finally, after almost three hours of wading inside the purple mist, they finally broke out of it, and found themselves in what seemed to be a forest, whose trees extended several meters towards the sky.

Various roars, howls, shrieks, and other sounds permeated the forest, which made William, Chiffon, and Lilith tread lightly as they explored its depths.  

The Half-Elf had asked Optimus to do an extensive scan of their surroundings, but just as they had anticipated, it didn't work. The map only showed the places that they had walked, leaving a vast expanse of black on William's status page.

< There is a powerful law that permeates this Domain. Be careful, Will. >

'Understood.'

Suddenly, something caught William's attention and his first action he did was to summon Stormcaller and throw it behind him.  

The sound of metal hitting metal spread throughout the surrounding area as William and the two girls by his side wore a grim expression on their faces.

A four-meter tall green Mantis, eyed the three of them with its viscous eyes. The Half-Elf raised his hand, and Stormcaller freed itself from the Mantis' claws.

"Sh*t," William cursed when he saw that the Mantis in front of them was not an ordinary beast, but a Myriad Beast in its initial stages.

Even Chiffon and Lilith couldn't believe that the first creature that they ran into inside the Forbidden Ground would be a Myriad Beast that had been stalking the three of them. If not for William's heightened senses, they might have fallen to a sneak attack from this silent killer who had reaped the lives of those that had dared to enter the Seventh Sanctum in search for treasures.

The three immediately took out their weapons in preparation to fight, but something unexpected happened.

Just as they were about to duke it out with the Mantis, William's face paled when he sensed a few more presences behind them.

Sure enough, when William turned his head to look behind him, three more Green Mantises appeared in his vision. The four mantises then sprang towards them, leaving William no choice but to grab Chiffon's and Lilith's waists and activate the skill Lightning Strider.

This skill allowed William instantaneous travel at the speed of lightning, completely evading the four Mantises that had planned to slice the three of them in half.  

Having lost their targets, the Green Mantises looked in the direction William had escaped, but none of them pursued him. They only glanced at each other and clicked their mandibles in frustration.

Soon, the four mantises leapt up into the trees and hid themselves once again. They would patiently wait for their next prey to come and ensure that none of them would be able to escape their grasps.

Such was the life inside the Forbidden Ground.

Only the strong would survive and the rest would end up as prey.. Although the Domain hid untold treasures within its vast lands, one must have sufficient strength in order to take those treasures and make it out of the Seventh Sanctum with their lives.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 780: Meeting An Old Acquaintance Inside The Forbidden GroundChapter 780: Meeting An Old Acquaintance Inside The Forbidden GroundChapter 780: Meeting An Old Acquaintance Inside The Forbidden Ground
Chapter 780

A streak of lightning flew through the trees as William looked for a safe place to land.

Soon, his gaze landed on an area that he deemed to have no wild beasts laying in wait in order to ambush them. Although he wasn't sure if his hunch was correct, he could only try it for now. Flying randomly around the Forbidden Ground was not the best choice that they could make right now.

William sighed as the effect of the Lightning Strider skill faded. This was one of the trump cards that he could use to escape, and travel across the land with the speed of lightning.  

Although it wasn't as convenient as Soleil for instant transmission, it was more than enough to escape the pursuit of five Myriad Beasts who intended to kill them without mercy.  

"Are the two of you alright?" William asked as he looked at the two ladies, whose complexion had turned pale.

"I feel dizzy, Will," Chiffon said as she held her head with both hands.

William pulled the pink-haired girl against him and gently patted her head. "Sorry, I didn't have the time to warn the two of you about my plan."

Lilith, on the other hand, weakly leaned on a tree and puked. Unlike William who was already used to instantaneous movement, the Amazon Princess felt nauseous, and was unable to stop herself from emptying her stomach, due to the discomfort that she was feeling.

Fortunately, as the sin of gluttony, puking was not an option for Chiffon. Even so, Chiffon still leaned weakly against William's body as she allowed the dizzy sensation to pass.

While the two girls tried to get-over their discomfort, William extended his senses throughout their surroundings. The ambush of the Green Mantises made him realize how dangerous the Forbidden Ground really was.

Although he could have used his Heroic Avatar to deal with their enemies, it had a very long cooldown. William didn't plan to use it unless it was a last resort.  

After a quarter of an hour, the two girls were able to recover enough to continue their exploration of the Seventh Sanctum with William.

As they walked, the Half-Elf asked the Amazon Princess if she could feel any treasure near their surroundings.  

"Actually, I've been sensing a very rare treasure in that direction," Lilith said as she pointed towards the Northwest. "Although I don't know what kind of treasure it is, I'm pretty sure that it is extraordinary. My only concern is that there is a possibility that this treasure might be guarded by a powerful beast.

"At the very least, the Beast protecting it should be at the peak of the Millennial Rank. there is also a possibility that the one guarding it is a Myriad Beast."

William weighed his options, whether they should go in the direction of the treasure or continue to wander around their location.  

'With Optimus' mapping system weakened, we will have a hard time finding the Hall of Thunder,' William thought. 'The only thing we can rely on is Lilith's ability to find treasures. If the Hall of Thunder has treasures inside it, there is a high chance that we will stumble upon it as we go treasure hunting.'

After weighing the pros and cons of his decision, WIlliam decided to give it a try.

'Optimus, place trackers on Chiffon and Lilith,' William ordered. He was afraid that they would get separated if something unexpected happened as they journeyed towards their destination.

< Understood. Trackers have been placed. >

After the trackers had been successfully placed on the two girls, William asked Lilith to lead the way. However, as an extra precaution, William decided to summon B1, and B2, to scout ahead.

When the two dumb bird appeared, both of them instinctively felt that they were in a very dangerous place. Because of this, they decided to be extra cautious and kept each other within eyesight.

With Lilith leading the way, and the two birds telling William about the dangers in their path, they were able to detour around the powerful Beasts that lived in groups.  

After two hours of walking, William, Chiffon, and Lilith came upon a small clearing.

At its center was a blood-red tree that was three meters tall. A single golden fruit could be seen hanging from one of its branches. Even from his hiding place, WIlliam could sense the powerful life force that was coming from the fruit.  

He had a feeling that if ordinary beasts were to eat it, their ranks would immediately sky rocket to the Peak of the Millennial Rank.  

William would have definitely taken the fruit if not for the four beasts that were sleeping beside the tree.  

The Half-Elf cursed internally after he saw the information of the Beasts after using his Appraisal Skill.

—-

< Black-Striped Terror Rat >

– Vengeful Rat Beast

– Threat Level: SSR (Low)

– Myriad Beast

– Cannot be added to the herd

– The Black-Striped Terror Rat is known for its vengeful attitude. If anyone were to offend it, this beast would not rest until it had killed those who antagonized it.

– This Beast usually form groups with other Black-Striped Terror Rats. When more than five individuals form a group, they will be able to trigger their Racial Ability, Primal Rend, which is strong enough to severely injure a Myriad Beast of a higher tier.

– This race also had the special ability called "Trace". Once they have planted this skill on their target's body, they would be able to find their location without fail for the duration of a month. Unless you don't want to be hunted down by these savage, and vengeful creatures, stay as far as you can from them.

—–

William could feel a headache about to descend on him after he realized that all four of the giant rats in front of him were Myriad Beasts.  

Even Lilith who liked treasures had a grim expression on her face as she watched the rats from afar.  

Chiffon, on the other hand, had a more simplistic attitude when it came to the golden fruit on the tree.  The little glutton was thinking about what the fruit would taste like when it was eaten.  

The Half-Elf then shifted his attention to the fruit and used his appraisal skill. He was very curious about what kind of fruit would entice four Myriad Beasts to guard it.

—

< Golden Blood Fruit >

(95% Ripe)

– This fruit will automatically detach itself from the tree once it has reached maturity.  

– When this fruit is eaten by a creature when it is 100% Ripe, it will allow that creature to undergo a special transformation.

– If this is eaten by a Beast, it would gain a massive upgrade in its overall strength, and undergo Beast Evolution. If that Beast has a special bloodline then their bloodline powers will be fully unlocked after their evolution.  

– if this fruit is eaten by a Human, it will allow that person to break through one tier in their ranking. Meaning, if this was eaten by a Saint in his or her initial stages, he or she would have the strength of a Myriad Beast in its Middle Stages.

Those with special bloodlines will get their bloodline abilities enhanced by 100%

– If this fruit is eaten by a creature when it is still not fully mature, it will only give them a strong boost in their physique, but they will not undergo evolution. They will also not be able to unlock the hidden bloodlines in their bodies due to the fruit's immaturity.

—-

'I see, that explains it,' William thought. 'These Giant Rats are aware that the fruit is not yet fully ripe, so they decided to guard it in turns to prevent others from snatching it.'

With Optimus' help, William was able to detect at least a dozen more beasts that were lurking around the clearing.  

The Half-Elf was sure that when the fruit dropped off from its branch, a bloodbath would occur.  

"Should we snatch it?" Lilith inquired. "I am confident that I will be able to take the fruit if I am at least ten meters away from the tree. The problem is that I'll probably be torn to shreds once those rats discover me."

William shook his head. "The fruit is still not ripe. It will detach itself from the tree when it reaches maturity. Also, there are some opportunists like us that are aiming for the fruit as well. Aside from those four rats, there are other beasts that are lurking around it. If we do something funny, all of those beasts will become our enemy.  

"Also, those rats will be able to trace you if you try to steal the fruit from them. If you don't mind being chased by four crazed and vengeful Myriad Beasts then feel free to give it a try."  

Lilith sighed as she looked at the fruit with regret. Treasures were good, but what good would they be once you're dead?

William was about to tell the two girls to leave the beasts to fight against each other, when he felt a familiar presence headed in his direction.

The Half-Elf became confused because it had been a very long time since he had met this creature. Also, from the looks of things, this creature had finally crossed that threshold and stepped into the Myriad Rank.

William stood in front of the two girls and made a gesture for them to not do anything.

Before they could even ask what was going on, they heard a pair of footsteps walking in their direction. A minute later, a young man, who seemed to be in mid-twenties appeared in front of William's group.

"Fancy meeting you here," the young man with brown hair and eyes said with a smile. "This is truly unexpected, don't you think?"

William was still unsure of the young man's identity so he decided to test the waters to confirm if his hunch was right.

"Are you His Excellency, the Diabolical Hell Ape?" William inquired.  

The young man smiled and nodded his head.  

When the Half-Elf last saw the Diabolical Hell Ape, it was still in the Southern Continent. Also, back then, the powerful beast didn't have the capability to take human form. Seeing this old acquaintance of his inside the Seventh Sanctum made William both happy and worried at the same time.

  "Are you now human, Your Excellency?" William asked another question. The Half-Elf could still remember that when he asked the Diabolical Hell Ape for help, it said that it would only help him if he helped it become human.

This time, the young man shook his head.

"Not yet," the Diabolical Hell Ape replied.. "However, if I get that fruit, I will be one step closer to reaching my goal. Will you help me, William?"


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 781: The Diabolical Hell Ape’s RequestChapter 781: The Diabolical Hell Ape’s RequestChapter 781: The Diabolical Hell Ape’s Request
Chapter 781

William frowned when he heard the Diabolical Hell Ape's request. If he was only going to deal with one or two Myriad Beasts, he would definitely lend a hand to his old acquaintance. Afterall, the Guardian of the Forest had helped him in the past.

Unfortunately, more than a Dozen Myriad Beasts were aiming for the fruit. William was sure that all of them wanted to acquire it in order to evolve into a Pseudo-Demigod with a powerful bloodline.

"Your Excellency, it isn't that I don't want to help you, but it is extremely difficult for me to do so," William replied. "The Black-Striped Terror Rats, as well as the lurking Myriad Beasts in the shadows could easily kill us with a single slap. The battle for the golden fruit is way beyond our league."

The Diabolical Hell Ape sighed. He understood that his request was too hard for Humans that still hadn't stepped into the Saint Rank to accomplish. If he was in William's shoes, he might have already ignored the idiot who was asking them to risk their lives for his sake.  

Even so, he was hoping that William could help him snatch the fruit in this free-for-all battle, so that he could make his dream a reality.  

The young man eyed the Half-Elf whom he hadn't seen for a few years. When he first saw William, he was but a fragile child that would die if he were to accidentally step on him.

Now, the red-headed teenager was famous all over the world for the accomplishment that he had achieved in the Tower of Babylon. Because of this, the Diabolical Hell Ape thought that the Half-Elf would be able to help him achieve his lifetime wish to become human.

"Understood," the Diabolical Hell Ape said. "Sorry for asking for too much."

William scratched his head helplessly when he saw the disappointment on the young man's face. However, he wouldn't risk Chiffon's and Lilith's lives in a struggle where they were at a great disadvantage.

"I'm sorry, Your Excellency. If I can assist you in any other way without endangering our lives, I will be more than happy to help you." William stated.

After pondering for a while, the Diabolical Hell Ape then thought of something.

"Do you have any means that can temporarily restrain these beasts?" the young man asked. "Even if it will only last for a few seconds, that will be more than enough for me to grab the fruit and flee. Whether I succeed or not, I will owe you a favor. How about it?"

William rubbed his chin as he eyed the fruit from a distance.  

"Delaying them for a few seconds is not impossible," William answered after a minute of observation.  

"Really? That's great! I've been here for two months, and during that time, I have been paying close attention to the fruit. According to my estimate, it will reach maturity sometime tomorrow."

"Good. That will give me enough time to prepare. By the way, Your Excellency, is there some place where we can rest? We just entered the Forbidden Ground and we're still a bit tired from our journey. I was wondering if you can help us with this problem."

The Diabolical Hell Ape nodded his head in understanding. "I have made a temporary residence near this area. I guarantee that it's safe. All of you can rest there for the time being."

"Thank you, Your Excellency."

"No. It is I who should be thanking you. With your help, my chances of getting that fruit will increase by a good margin."

The Diabolical Hell Ape glanced at the fruit in order to ensure that he hadn't miscalculated the time when it would ripen. After two minutes of observation, he decided that the time that he had estimated needed some adjustments.  

After ensuring that everything was in order, he made a gesture for William and his group to follow him.

Ten minutes passed and they arrived at a tree that didn't stand out from those beside it.  

The young man then knocked on its trunk thrice then stopped for five seconds before knocking twice.

Suddenly, a two-meter tall door appeared in front of them, which the young man opened with ease.

"Come in," the young man invited. "I apologize if it's messy inside. I didn't anticipate that I would have guests."

William nodded and entered the door while holding Chiffon's hand. Contrary to what he expected, the interior of the tree was very spacious. This reminded him of "Eternity", the artifact that Celine possessed and used during their training.

"There are three floors in this house," the young man said. "The bedrooms can be found on the third floor. Please, follow me."

The three glanced at each other before following behind the young man. Soon they arrived at the third floor where several doors could be seen.  

"There are a total of nine bedrooms here," the young man explained. "All of them are the same, so it doesn't matter what room you choose. Feel free to take any room you like. If you need me, I'll be on the first floor."

After the Diabolical Hell Ape left, William approached the nearest door and opened it. The room was quite spacious as well. If he would give a rough estimate on how big it was, it was at least twice the size of his dormitory room back in Hestia Academy.

The bed was big enough to fit six people, and Chiffon happily jumped into it to check how comfortable it was.

Seeing the pink-haired girl roll over the bed, William could tell that she was very satisfied with it.

"We will be taking this room," William said as he looked at Lilith. "How about you?"

Lilith pondered for a bit before making a decision.  

"I'll be staying with the two of you," Lilith replied. "Just in case something unexpected happens, it will be best if the three of us are together."

William didn't find anything wrong with Lilith's words, so he nodded his head in agreement. He then took out a few baskets from his storage ring and placed them on the table.

"Are you hungry?" William asked. "Let's have an early dinner before we rest. Although we won't be actively participating in the battle for the golden fruit, we still need the strength to escape if the circumstances turn for the worse."

Lilith glanced at the food on the table and nodded her head. Since she had emptied her stomach a while ago, truth be told, she was very hungry.

At the mention of food, Chiffon stopped playing on the bed and approached the table to eat.

While the three were eating, the Diabolical Hell Ape sat cross-legged on the first floor with his eyes closed. He had left a magical ward near the tree which allowed him to observe the Golden Fruit, as well as the Beasts that were slowly gathering around it.

He felt a bit anxious because the number of monsters that were gathering at the blood-red tree had increased. A Fifth Black-Striped Terror Rat even joined its comrades in order to increase their chances of securing the fruit.

"I only have one chance…," the young man muttered.. "I just hope that William's restraining plan will work."


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 782: May The Gods Shower You With Their BlessingsChapter 782: May The Gods Shower You With Their BlessingsChapter 782: May The Gods Shower You With Their Blessings
Chapter 782

An hour before sunrise, William heard a knock on the door of their room.

"It's time." The young man's voice could be heard from the other side of the door. "Meet me on the first floor as soon as possible."

The Diabolical Hell Ape didn't even wait for William's reply and left them to make some last minute preparations.  

William and Lilith had both woken up when they heard the knock on the door. Only Chiffon was still asleep, and slathering William's chest with her drool. This was not the first time that this had happened, so the Half-Elf was already used to the pink-haired girl's sleeping habits.  

"Chiffon, wake up," William lightly nudged the sleeping glutton. "Breakfast is ready."

The pink-haired girl's eyes abruptly opened as she sleepily looked around her.

William chuckled as he lightly pinched Chiffon's cheek, which made the latter break out of her daze.

Ten minutes later, all of them gathered on the first floor. William explained the strategy that they would be using, and the Diabolical Hell Ape nodded his head in understanding.

"After you've done your part, run away as far as you can," the young man said. "I will head towards the East, so you guys run to the West."

The Diabolical Hell Ape then gave William a blue gem with an intricate design.

"This will allow me to sense your location," the young man explained. "After I escape from their pursuit, I will come to find you guys. Until our reunion, do your best to survive."

William, Chiffon, and Lilith nodded their heads.  

Since this was the last time that the Diabolical Hell Ape would be using the tree as his base, he took the special artifact that he had embedded in the tree and stored it inside the golden bracelet on his right wrist.  

This was the same bracelet that allowed him to temporarily take human form. The Diabolical Hell Ape didn't want to pretend to be human. He really yearend to be one, so even though he could take human form, he still wanted to realize his dream of actually becoming one.  

As they neared the clearing, William, Chiffon, and Lilith, could sense a heavy pressure that was steadily increasing with every step that they took.  

"This is more dangerous than I thought," William muttered as he broke out in cold sweat after Optimus gave him the number of Beast that were vying for the Golden Fruit.

Thirty Myriad Beasts.

That was the total number of Beasts that had gathered in the clearing to snatch the fruit that had started to release a very fragrant aroma. After giving it a quick glance, William noticed that it had reached 99% maturity.

Basically, the fruit could fall any moment from now and, once that happened, a Royal Rumble of epic proportions would definitely unfold.

If Thirty Myriad Beasts were to suddenly appear in the Central Continent, the Patriarchs of influential families, the Kings and Emperors of their respective domains, would all be praying to their respective Gods and Goddesses for salvation.

Fortunately, the Myriad Beasts born in a Forbidden Ground would be unable to leave it due to the powerful restriction that the Domain possessed.  

William felt a shiver run down his spine because he understood that the Myriad Beasts in the clearing was just a small number compared to the overall population of Beasts within the Seventh Sanctum.

As an Independent World, the Seventh Sanctum was just as big as the Central Continent, and many more powerful Beasts hid within its vast expanse of land.

"Remember, after you distract them, run away without looking back," the young man reminded. "If you have an instantaneous movement technique, use it right away."

Chiffon's and Lilith's expressions paled when they heard the young man's reminder. If possible, they didn't want to experience that again.

If not for the current tense situation, William would have teased the two pale-faced girls because of the impending hardship that they were about to face.

"Don't worry, I will not make the two of you suffer," William said. "Chiffon, I'll leave Lilith in your hands."

Chiffon looked up at William and nodded her head in understanding. "I understand. Be careful, Will."

The pink-haired girl then grabbed Lilith's hand as she walked forward.  

Lilith was caught by surprise by Chiffon's actions, but before she could even ask for an explanation, a portal appeared in front of her.

A few seconds later, both girls had successfully entered the Thousand Beast Domain.  

Although William knew that sharing this secret with Lilith might hold complications later on, this operation was too dangerous for them to participate in. The Half-Elf was confident that he could run away if he was alone. However, if he were to drag Chiffon and Lilith along during his escape, it might cause consequences that he was not willing to bear.

"You made the right choice," the young man said as he patted William's shoulder. "I'm going."

"Goodluck," William replied. "May the Gods shower you with their blessings."

The Diabolical Hell Ape smiled as he walked towards the tree, which was now surrounded by many formidable beasts that were not weaker than himself.

The five Black-Striped Terror Rats hissed at the Beasts that were trying to get close to the tree. Clearly, they were hell bent to stand their ground to defend and acquire the golden fruit at all cost.

The young man took a deep breath before he transformed to the ferocious Diabolical Hell Ape who was born from the pits of hell. Dark-purple flames enveloped its body as it prepared itself to fight with everything it had.

As if waiting for that moment, a loud cracking sound reverberated in the air.  

Several cracks appeared on the surface of the Golden Fruit, as the fragrant smell in the air intensified. The various beasts then started to bare their fangs as they, too, prepared to snatch the fruit that was on the verge of falling.

Suddenly, the entire Golden Fruit shattered and a golden ball, no larger than a basketball fell along with the broken shards of the fruit's shell that protected it until it reached maturity.

"Now!" The Diabolical Hell Ape shouted to William via telepathy as it charged towards the falling fruit.

William threw the lollipops in his hand and activated Lightning Strider, flying towards the East.

Since everyone's attention was on the falling fruit, they didn't notice the lollipops that William had thrown by using the power of his Quick Shot War Art First Form, Railgun.

These lollipops arrived in front of the falling golden fruit and a blinding light erupted in an instant.

The various Myriad Beasts were caught by surprise and all of them shrieked in pain by the sudden brightness that turned their world completely white.  

The Diabolical Hell Ape then snatched the falling fruit and ran towards the East with all its might. It knew that after the Beasts had regained their bearings, all of them would run after it and tear the Diabolical Hell Ape apart.  

William didn't even bother to glance behind him, and simply left the scene at the speed of lightning.. He sincerely hoped that the next time he met the Diabolical Hell Ape, the latter would have already taken the final step to realizing its long cherished wish.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 783: The Path Of AtonementChapter 783: The Path Of AtonementChapter 783: The Path Of Atonement
Chapter 783

"W-Where are we?" Lilith looked at her surroundings in a dumbfounded manner.  

"We are in the Thousand Beast Domain," Chiffon answered. "Come with me."

Chiffon pulled Lilith along as they walked towards the Villa in the distance.

Along the way, Lilith saw several Beasts looking in their direction. The weakest among these beasts were Rank B, and Lilith could tell that all of them were looking at her with curiosity.

Soon two birds flew down from the sky. Lilith knew who these birds were because they had seen them not long ago. They were none other than Chiffon's Beast Companions, B1 and B2.

The two dumb birds reduced their size until both of them were the sizes of sparrows. They then landed on Chiffon's left and right shoulders, and started to chat with her about random things.

A moment later, a little golden piglet came running from the Villa and stopped beside Chiffon's feet.  

Chiffon happily picked up the little piglet and patted its head. The latter gave a soft grunt as it closed its eyes. Clearly, it was enjoying the pink-haired girl's attention.

After a few minutes of walking, they finally arrived at the Villa, where Charmaine, and a few Elves greeted them with a smile.

"Lady Chiffon, would you like to have some snacks?" Charmaine asked. "We just cooked a few pancakes and they are still warm."

Chiffon felt conflicted after hearing Charmaine's words. As someone who bore the Sin of Gluttony, eating was second nature to her. However, William had told her through telepathy that they should hide in the Thousand Beast Domain, while he helped the Diabolical Hell Ape secure the golden fruit from its competitors.

William added that he would call out to them after the threat had passed, so Chiffon didn't know whether she should accept Charmaine's offer, or wait for William's news.

"Thank you, Charmaine," Chiffon replied. "I'm just waiting for Will to summon us back outside."

Lilith, on the other hand, eyed Charmaine and the other Elves with curiosity. She was quite curious about the type of clothes that they were wearing because she had never seen clothes like that before.

Charmaine and the Elves were wearing frilly made costumes, which highlighted their natural beauty. Although she didn't understand the current situation, the Elves' servile attitude made her feel that they were working under William.

'Are they perhaps the Elves he captured during the war in the Central Continent?' Lilith thought. This was the only explanation that she could think of. She was also surprised that William had this many ladies serving under him.

Suddenly, a question popped up inside Lilith's head. She then approached Charmaine and decided to ask her a question, in order to confirm her guess.

"Are all of you William's concubines?" Lilith asked. 'Is this the reason why he's not interested in visiting our Empire?'

When the elves heard Lilith's question, all of them blushed and looked at the Amazon with "I wish that were true" expressions on their faces.

Charmaine gave Lilith a bitter smile as she shook her head. "We're not Sir William's concubines. However, I'm sure that if he asked any of us if we wanted to warm his bed, all of us would definitely say yes. It's quite unfortunate that our Lord deeply cherishes Lady Chiffon and his other wives, so we are not given the opportunity to serve him to our fullest."

Lilith frowned when she heard this. She then gave Chiffon a side-long glance before shifting her attention back to Charmaine.  

"Your name is Charmaine right? Do you know someone named Pearl?" Lilith asked. After becoming part of Princess Eowyn's group, she managed to befriend Pearl. Charmaine's older sister had mentioned in passing that William had taken her sister custody, and her goal was to set her free.

Lilith didn't understand what Pearl meant when she told her that William had taken her sister in custody. But, after seeing the beautiful Elf in front of her, she finally understood what "taken in custody" meant.

After hearing her sister's name, Charmaine showed a sad expression on her face. Because of the sudden change in her mood, Lilith thought that the Elves were being forced to stay in the Thousand Beast Domain regardless of their will.  

This discovery made her look at William in a new light, but the Elf's next words made her feel that her assumptions were wrong.

"We did terrible things during the war in the Southern Continent," Charmaine replied. "I, and the others, wanted to atone for our sins by serving Lord William for a few years. Even if we served Sir William for a lifetime, it will not be enough to repay the mercy that he has given us.  

"My sister doesn't understand this and is making things difficult for our Lord. In fact, Sir William intends to set us free after a few years. It is quite unfortunate that my sister wanted to resort to violence in order to drag me back to the Silvermoon Continent."

Lilith frowned because Pearl had also mentioned that her sister's character was very different from the one she knew. She even suspected that William had brainwashed her, and the rest of the Elves.

After hearing Charmaine's answer, Lilith came to the same conclusion. Elves were a proud and arrogant race. They would not act servile to someone, especially if that person was a Half-Elf.

For them, Half-Elves were a disgrace. Whenever they saw one, most Elves would ridicule them for tainting their pure bloodline. This was why most Half-Elves don't mingle themselves with Elves because the latter would do their best to make the Half-Elves feel inferior.

Lilith knew that it was not her place to say who was right or wrong. She didn't have a friendly relationship with the Elves, so she didn't really care about their circumstances. However, since she was able to meet Charmaine, she thought that Pearl would owe her a favor if she played her cards right.

"Do you want me to pass a message to your sister?" Lilith inquired. "Of course, that will have to wait until we arrive at the Academy. But, if you ever want to say something to your sister, I can help you out and pass your message to her."

Charmaine thought for a moment before looking at Lilith with a serious expression on her face.

"Please, tell her to wait for a few more years," Charmaine replied. "I promise to return with her to the Silvermoon Continent after my atonement period is over."

Lilith nodded. Whether Charmaine had been brainwashed or not, it was none of her concern. The victors in a war had the right to treat the defeated as slaves. This was the rule of conquest in the Central Continent, so she didn't find any of this uncommon.

The Amazon Princess then walked towards Charmaine and whispered something in her ears.

"Have there been any instances where he's shown signs that he wanted to do it with you?" Lilith whispered. She was dying to know if William was a lustful person. If the answer was yes, this would allow her to formulate a plan on how to entice the Half-Elf into bedding her sisters.  

Lilith's whisper made Charmaine's face turned beet red.

"No," Charmaine answered. There was even a trace of disappointment in her voice, which made Lilith widen her eyes in shock.  

'So, he's not a lustful person,' Lilith mused. 'At least he's not like those men who only think with their lower half.'

For some reason, Lilith felt both sad, and relieved at the same time after hearing Charmaine's answer. A part of her wanted William to be the man she hoped him to be. The other half wanted the Half-Elf to be different from the rest. A man who had principles and would not treat women as a tool to sate his lust.  

Now she finally understood why William would politely reject the subtle advances that the girls in their class would give him from time to time.

This also explained why the Half-Elf wasn't interested in her offer to give birth to his babies.

Of course, Lilith wasn't aware that Princess Sidonie had already done this in the past.. If the Amazon Princess only knew that the lustful beauty had already taken the initiative to ask for William's babies, Lilith's would definitely have asked the beautiful Princess for advice on how to secure the Half-Elf's seed for the betterment of the Amazon Empire.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 784: As Long As I Am Alive, There Will Come Another OpportunityChapter 784: As Long As I Am Alive, There Will Come Another OpportunityChapter 784: As Long As I Am Alive, There Will Come Another Opportunity
Chapter 784

William was not aware that Lilith had already started to get a better picture about his character from the beautiful Elves that served under him.

He was busy in finding a safe place to land, after parting ways with the Diabolical Hell Ape.  

The Half-Elf had ordered Optimus to place a tracker on his acquaintance, and based on the System's monitoring, the Diabolical Hell Ape had secured the golden fruit, and was now being pursued by the beasts that wanted nothing more than to tear him apart.

True to his word, the Diabolical Hell Ape traveled westwards, pulling the Beasts away from William.  

After half an hour of looking for a safe place to hide, William broke out of the forest, and found himself in a valley, surrounded by mountains.

The Half-Elf then landed on an inconspicuous area, and scanned his surroundings. Until he had determined that the place was indeed safe, he wouldn't allow Chiffon and Lilith to come out from the Thousand Beast Domain.

After observing his surroundings for a few minutes, he summoned the Rainbow Birds and had them explore the valley.

"Fly in different directions, and prioritize your safety," William ordered. "Never engage with any monster you may encounter along the way. Our goal is to explore this part of the Forbidden Ground."

The Rainbow Birds all voiced out their agreement and scattered in different directions. Even B1 and B2 had once again been mobilized to explore the surrounding area.

Optimus would monitor the Rainbow Birds and map the areas that they had traveled through. The System would then check for any potential threats that might endanger William and his companions.

Aside from that, Optimus could also use this opportunity to scan the land for treasures. Although there was a powerful law that prevented it from scanning treasures buried underground, scanning for precious resources that could be found above ground was still something within its capabilities.  

While this was happening, the Diabolical Hell Ape was having a difficult time escaping his pursuers.

Among those that were aiming for the golden fruit were two flying beasts. One of them was an owl-like creature, the other a Wyvern. These two Beasts locked onto him from the sky, while the rats, and other beasts, chased him on the ground.

The Diabolical Hell Ape couldn't consume the fruit at the moment because it would render him immobile. If that happened, the creatures would definitely catch up to him and take the golden fruit from his corpse.

He had also suffered several injuries because some of the beasts had long range attacks that grazed his body. Although he tried to fight back by shooting fireballs, and spraying a cloud of acid behind him, the Myriad Beasts that were chasing him were not pushovers.

What made it worse was that the Beasts that were along his path also sensed the treasure he was carrying. This rapidly increased the number of pursuers, which made the Diabolical Hell Ape helpless.  

More hours passed and the Diabolical Hell Ape found himself on the precipice of a cliff. In front of him was a horde of monsters. Behind him, was a long drop, where a purple river was waiting at the bottom.

The Diabolical Hell Ape would rather face the horde of monsters in front of him, than jump into the river. He might have only been inside the Seventh Sanctum for a little more than two months, but he understood that there were some things that he should avoid at all cost.

The purple river that flows all over the Seventh Sanctum was the River of Samsara. Anyone who fell on this river would experience a perpetual cycle of death and rebirth. Of course, that didn't mean that all hope was lost.

According to the information from the handful of survivors who had escaped the Seventh Sanctum, those who fell on the river had a chance of salvation. However, the chances of breaking free from the hold of Samsara was very slim

Even the Diabolical Hell Ape who was at the end of his rope didn't think of jumping in the river to save his life.

'I guess, I can only use this method,' the Diabolical Hell Ape thought, while gritting its teeth. If possible, he didn't want to do this, but he had no other choice but to do so.  

The Diabolical Hell Ape undid his transformation and turned into a young man. He held the golden fruit in his hand and raised it high in the air.  

"You want this? Then come and get it!" the young man roared as he threw the golden fruit towards the horde of monsters.

A Blazed-Wing Wyvern dove down from the sky and stretched out its claw to grab the golden fruit that was thrown at the center of the densely packed group of monsters.

Before the Wyvern could even grab the golden fruit with its claws, several attacks flew in its direction, which instantly gave it grievous injuries.

With an unwilling shriek of pain, it fell down on the ground and was smashed to bits by the monsters who saw it as an eyesore.

After ending the Wyvern's life, all of them stared at the golden fruit that glowed on the ground.  

None dared to approach it casually because the number of Monsters aiming for it had exceeded five hundred. The Blazed-Wing Wyvern was the perfect example of what would happen to anyone who recklessly tried to grab it.

Because of this, a ten-meter wide clearing with the golden fruit at its heart appeared in the center of the group of monsters. None dared to make the first move, as they eyed the golden fruit with greed.

The Diabolical Hell Ape sighed as he glanced at the fruit one last time before leaving the area. Although he was unwilling to part with it, his life was more important.  

'As long as I am alive, there will come another opportunity..' the young man consoled himself as he ran towards the East, leaving the precious golden fruit and the horde of monsters behind him.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 785: I Decided To Trust You OnceChapter 785: I Decided To Trust You OnceChapter 785: I Decided To Trust You Once
Chapter 785

Several of the Rainbow Birds died a minute after they started to explore the valley.

Millennial Beasts at their peak stages, Pseudo-Myriad Beasts, and Myriad Beasts could be found all over the valley.  

Beads of sweat formed on William's forehead as he checked the map on his status page. Orange, red, and purple blinking dots littered the entirety of the map. A single glance was more than enough to tell William that he was surrounded by monsters in every direction.  

The orange dots represented the monster at the Peak of the Millennial Rank. The red dots represented monsters that were only half a step away from becoming Myriad Beasts. The Purple dots, on the other hand were bonafide Myriad Beasts, and William would be stupid if he were to carelessly traverse their territories.

According to Optimus' scan, most of the Myriad Beasts were located in places that held resources, similar to the Golden Fruit that the Diabolical Hell Ape sought out.

Even now, William couldn't believe that so many Myriad Beasts could be found inside the Forbidden Ground, and it filled him with dread.

The reason for William's anxiousness was very simple.

If so many Myriad Beasts could be found inside the Seventh Sanctum, it could only mean one thing.

There should be a Demigod, or Demigods, who stood at the top of the food chain. With such a high concentration of powerful beasts, it would be next to impossible if there weren't any Demigods that stood at the Apex of this Domain.

'Vlad is the Demigod who ruled over the Strathmore Forest,' William thought. 'Since that is the case, I should prepare myself for the worst case scenario.'

After getting a general understanding of his surroundings, William began to make his move. He treaded lightly through the territories of the powerful beasts in the valley, and stayed clear from the Myriad Beasts' Domains.

He made his way Northwards, because one of the Angray birds noticed lightning strikes in that direction. Although he wasn't too sure about his hunch, he believed that the Hall of Thunder should be located in a place where there was lightning.

William gave the surviving Rainbow Birds a new order and all of them flew towards the North.  

B1 alone took the lead because B2 had already died, after it had unknowingly trespassed into the territory of a Flying Myriad Beast.  

With every minute, more of the Rainbow Birds died. Two hours later, even B1 died after being hit by a fireball from the ground.

When all of the Rainbow Birds had fallen, William also stopped his advance. He made a small cave at the base of a mountain. He then engraved several runes that would hide his presence, and scent, from the Beasts that roamed his surroundings.

After making sure that his new hiding place was safe, William then opened a portal that led to the Thousand Beast Domain in order to rest.

The journey had stretched his nerves to its limit because he had to be wary of his surroundings at all times.  

He was only able to breathe a sigh of relief after he had entered his Domain. The moment he appeared outside the Villa, Chiffon immediately sensed his presence and came running.

"Will, are you alright?" Chiffon asked as she looked up at him. "I sensed B1's and B2's deaths and became worried about your safety. Also, your face looks pale. Did something happen outside?"

William sighed as he gave Chiffon a light hug and patted her head.  

"For the time being, you and Lilith will be staying here," William replied. "It is too dangerous to go outside."

Chiffon nodded and pulled William towards the Villa.  

"Is it that bad outside?" Lilith inquired. She had followed Chiffon when the latter sensed William's presence, so she was able to hear their discussion.

"Yes," William answered.  

Lilith then looked at William with a serious expression on her face as she asked him a question.

"Is it really okay for me to know about this place?" Lilith asked. "Or are you planning to brainwash me like you did to those Elves?"

Lilith wasn't a fool. Although she had only been inside the Thousand Beast Domain for a few hours, she knew that she had stumbled upon William's core secret. The Amazon was afraid that in order to protect his secret, William would resort to foul means in order to prevent her from divulging his secret to other people.

William smiled evilly as he looked at Lilith. "Now that you know my secret, you will not be able to leave this place alive… is what I'd like to say, but you can rest easy. I'm not going to brainwash you or do anything to you."

The Half-Elf smiled as he approached Lilith. "All I ask is that you keep everything you see here a secret."

"That's it?" Lilith asked. "Only a verbal promise that I won't say anything about this Domain of yours?"

The Amazon Princess snorted.  

"I don't know if you're bold or stupid. Aren't you afraid that I will betray your trust?"

"Although it is risky, I've decided to trust you this once."

William looked at Lilith with a serious expression. "If you share this secret with anyone, especially your mother, I will never trust you again for the rest of my life."

"Are you a kid?" Lilith teased. "So what if you don't trust me for the rest of your life? Do you think I will not be able to sleep at night knowing that you are disappointed in me?"

William didn't say anything to Lilith's provocation. He just smiled and pulled Chiffon towards the Villa.  

He was very tired and wanted to rest as soon as possible. Although there was a possibility that Lilith would betray him, he decided to believe in her for the time being.

Actually, he was relieved when the latter took the initiative to tell him that there was a possibility that she would betray him. William could tell from Lilith's words, and actions, that she was a very smart person.

If the Amazon Princess hadn't voiced out her thoughts out loud and remained silent, William would feel more anxious because that meant that there was a higher chance of Lilith betraying him.

Lilith watched his retreating back with a look of appraisal. She could tell that William was truly exhausted and didn't have the strength to argue with her.

Also, when William said that he was willing to trust her once, the Amazon Princess felt that a pressure had disappeared from her shoulders.  

Unlike her calm expression on the surface, she had been quite anxious at the possibility of being brainwashed by William. If that were to happen, would she still be herself? Or would she be servile like Charmaine and the others?

This thought scared her.

Fortunately, William had washed away her fears with a few words.

After making up her mind, Lilith walked towards the Villa with determination. She decided to get to know more about William.  

Lilith wanted to know more about the boy who had cleared the Devil's Floor.

She wanted to know more about the boy who had been chosen by her sisters that belonged to the Seven Deadly Sins. It was very difficult for someone to accept them because they were the abnormalities that broke the rules of the world.

Even so, two of her sisters had married William. Not many people could accept them for who they were, and their predecessors' love stories almost always ended in tragedy.  

The Amazon Princess wanted to know why Princess Sidonie and Chiffon had chosen William to become their partner for life.

Lastly, she wanted to know more about the boy that said that he was willing to trust her.  

Lilith never trusted anyone aside from her mother and the Goddess Mammon. For her, the word Trust had a symbolic meaning, and shouldn't be used casually.

"Fine," Lilith muttered as she walked with steady steps towards the Villa. "I will also trust you once. If you break your promise, I swear that I will make you regret it for the rest of your life."

High above the Temple of the Ten Thousand Gods, the Goddess Mammon, smiled ever so lightly.

"Daughter of mine, trusting people is hard. Knowing who to trust is harder," Mammon chuckled. "Don't worry.. If that Half-Elf dares to harm you in any way, I will steal everything from him… until not even his sanity is left."


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 786: A Treasure That Belonged Only To HerChapter 786: A Treasure That Belonged Only To HerChapter 786: A Treasure That Belonged Only To Her
Chapter 786

"What are the two of you doing here?" Lilith asked.  

"I should be the one asking you that question. What are you doing here?" Princess Sidonie asked back.

Ian, who stood beside the beautiful Princess, looked at Lilith in surprise because she didn't expect to see the Amazon inside the Thousand Beast Domain.  

Princess Sidonie and Ian knew how important this secret was to William. If the Half-Elf was forced to bring Lilith here, it meant only one thing, and that was that the Forbidden Ground was a truly dangerous place to be.

Lilith ignored Princess Sidonie's question and asked another question in return. "Aren't both of you supposed to be in the Academy? How did the two of you end up here?"

Princess Sidonie ignored Lilith's question and walked towards Charmaine who had just finished preparing dinner. She then dragged the Elf to the corner of the room, and asked her questions in hushed whispers.

Ian, on the other hand, asked Lilith what the Forbidden Ground was like.  

Lilith wasn't in the mood to answer any questions, because none of her questions were being answered. In the end, she, too, ignored Ian and went to the dinner table to eat.

It was at that moment when Chiffon appeared in the living area. Ian took that opportunity to ask the pink-haired girl how they were faring inside the Forbidden Ground.

Lilith paid close attention to Ian and Chiffon's discussion. From what she observed, Chiffon and Charmaine didn't have surprised expressions when Princess Sidonie and Ian appeared.  

That just proved that this was not the first time that this had happened, and Chiffon and Charmaine were already used to seeing Princess Sidonie and Ian suddenly appear inside the Thousand Beast Domain.

'If you think about it, this is nothing unusual,' Lilith thought. Since William was capable of bringing her to his personal Domain, it would just be as easy to bring anyone else inside it as well.

After Princess Sidonie and Ian got the general gist of things, they no longer asked Lilith anything and simply waited for William to arrive at the dining table.

Ten minutes later, the Half-Elf approached the dining table while stifling a yawn. Clearly, he was still exhausted and only came to the dining table because his wives had come to visit.

All of them ate in silence, and the only things that made sounds were the cutlery they used to eat.  

After dinner, William talked to Lilith and told her that the outside world was still dangerous, and she had to stay inside the Villa for the time being.

Lilith nodded her head in understanding because she had personally experienced how dangerous the Forbidden Ground was. Also, she wanted to explore and investigate the Thousand Beast Domain in order to get a better understanding of it.

"You can go anywhere, except for the wide plains in the East," William said. "There is a colony of Antz there and they are still undergoing rehabilitation. If you venture into their territory, they might attack you even though I gave them explicit orders not to attack the residents of this Domain. For your own safety, just don't go there. Do you understand?"

"Okay," Lilith replied. "Still, I'm surprised you're not putting me under house arrest."

William smiled. "I already said that I am willing to trust you."  

He then placed his hand on Lilith's shoulder and looked at her eyes.

"Am I wrong to trust you?" William inquired.

Lilith met William's gaze. His light-green eyes, and her own amber-colored-eyes stared at each other, unblinking.

"No," Lilith replied. "I will not break your trust."

At first, the Amazon wanted to tease William, but she felt that this was not the appropriate moment to do that. Since that was the case, she decided to answer with her honest feelings, and put this matter to rest.

"Thank you."

"C-Can I also call you, Will?"

The moment her words left her lips, Lilith immediately realized that she had spoken out of line. For a brief moment, she wanted to take back her words and tell William that she was just joking.  

The Half-Elf, on the other hand, blinked once then twice before giving the flustered Amazon a smile.  

"Of course," William replied. "I hope that the two of us can be good friends, Lilith."

William extended his hand for a handshake.

Lilith accepted the handshake and held William's hand firmly. After shaking it twice, both of them let go at the same time.

"Goodnight," William said. "See you tomorrow."

Lilith gave him a brief nod in return before lowering her head.  

"Goodnight," Lilith replied before turning around to head back to the room that had been assigned for her use.

Princess Sidonie and Ian glanced at each other with a knowing gaze.  

"What do you think?" Princess Sidonie asked.

Ian only gave a shrug. She trusted William, so whatever he decided in the future, she would definitely give him her full support.

Seeing her friend's attitude, Princess Sidonie rubbed her temple. Back then, she and Morgana had asked William to give them his babies. Seeing other women do the same made her realize how embarrassing it was.

< It's fine. You're too much of a worrywart, Sidonie. I can tell that Darling doesn't hold any special feelings for Lilith. >

'No. My worry isn't about Lilith becoming friends with William. I am just worried that her Divinity will suddenly go out of control. She carries the Sin of Greed. What if in the future, she would want William all to herself? When that time comes, you and I better be ready to put her in her place.'

< Don't worry. When that time comes, I'll be sure to go all out and make her understand the consequences of stealing our most important treasure. >

'As long as you understand.'

Princess Sidonie also didn't want to have any conflicts with Lilith. After meeting William, she had thrown away her desire for conquest and stopped making everyone submit to her will.  

If she hadn't met the Half-Elf who had shown her what love was like, she might have ended up as the most vile creature in the world, who lorded above others through the power of her charm.

After sighing in her heart, she glanced at the pink-haired girl, who was looking back at her with a smile on her face.  

"What's wrong, Chiffon?" Princess Sidonie asked.

Chiffon shook her head. "Nothing. I'm just glad that I met you and William."

"What is this all of a sudden?"

"I just feel blessed being with everyone that I love."

After saying those words, Chiffon walked towards William and held his left hand. The Half-Elf smiled and patted her head before looking back at Princess Sidonie and Ian.

Seeing her husband's love-filled gaze, Princess Sidonie understood what Chiffon meant when she said that she felt blessed being with everyone that she loved.

The beautiful Princess felt something warm spread inside her chest, as she too, moved towards William to hold his right hand.  

"I love you, Will," Princess Sidonie whispered and kissed William's cheeks. "Let's go to our room. I think my Divinity is getting out of hand. You're going to help me treat it, right?"

"Of course," William replied as he gently squeezed Princess Sidonie's hand.  

That night, inside William's room. The Half-Elf showered his three wives with his love.  

Although he didn't know why Princess Sidonie and Ashe suddenly became assertive, he was more than happy to satisfy the overflowing love that they had for him.

While all this was happening, Lilith lay on her bed hugging a pillow as if her life depended on it. When she had set her sights on a treasure, an invisible mark that couldn't be detected would appear on their bodies.

It didn't matter if it was an object or a living person. As long as Lilith considered them to be a treasure, she would be able to know where they were no matter what.  

This ability of hers also had some added bonus. Lilith would be able to see, hear, and feel anything around her marked object, as if she was the object herself.  

Because of this ability, she had also accidentally discovered Ian's secret, which surprised her greatly.  

However, that was the least of her concern. Lilith didn't know that marking William would let her feel things she had never felt before.  

She didn't know that she would experience things she had never known before.  

The Amazon Princess' face was already as red as a tomato, and her breathing had turned completely ragged. Although this wasn't her original intention, she was able to witness, and experience how William made love to his wives.

The incredible sense of pleasure was transferred to every fiber of her being. With every moan, Lilith felt her heart trembling. With every thrust, her body shuddered in ecstasy. Waves, upon waves of euphoric sensations assaulted her senses, making her unable to think properly.

'This is bad,' Lilith thought as her hands tried to quench the fire that had engulfed her entire body. 'I want this… I need this…'

Lilith's Divinity slowly awakened and a great yearning to obtain the Half-Elf bloomed inside her heart. In the past, she was just curious about William, but now… she was being consumed by the greed that took hold of her senses.

'Calm down,' Lilith said as she temporarily cut off her connection with William. She then used her willpower to resist the power of her Divinity that had suddenly erupted, catching her by surprise.

'Calm down. I must calm down…' Lilith closed her eyes as she panted for breath. 'I don't want him to hate me, so I must calm down.''

Lilith's amber eyes glowed as the Divinity inside her body surged. In the end, the Amazon Princess took out a vial from her storage ring.  

She hastily drank its contents and closed her eyes.

'It is going to be okay,' Lilith thought. 'I am going to be okay.'

Lilith repeated these words inside her head over and over until the effects of the potion started to kick in.  

The drug was a very potent sleeping potion that would knock anyone unconscious for a few hours upon consumption. This was a medicine she had planned to use on William in order to drag him back to the Ares Empire when an opportunity presented itself.

Now, she was forced to consume this same potion in order to prevent her Divinity from getting out of control.

Soon, the Amazon Princess collapsed on the bed with tears streaming down her eyes. The potion had taken its effect, and the danger had been suppressed for the time being.

She hoped that when morning came, her craving would subside.. That way, she would be able to act normally in front of William, who was still unaware that the Amazon Princess had marked him as a treasure that belonged only to her.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 787: Unexpected ReunionChapter 787: Unexpected ReunionChapter 787: Unexpected Reunion
Chapter 787

"Good morning," William greeted Lilith as soon as he saw her in the living room of his Villa.

"Good morning," Lilith replied as she looked at William's face.  

She could feel her cheeks heating up as the sights, sounds, and sensations that she had felt yesterday once again resurfaced.

William frowned when he saw the flushed expression on Lilith's face. He immediately walked towards her, and pressed his palm over her forehead, to check if she was sick or having a fever.

The Half-Elf thought that the Amazon Princess had been infected by a disease that was exclusive to the Forbidden Ground, due to how red her face was.

"I-I'm fine," Lilith said as she pried away William's hand from her forehead. However, instead of releasing the Half-Elf's hand, she held it firmly in her grasp as she faced William with a beet-red face. "Thank you for your concern. I just didn't get much sleep last night so I might not be at my peak performance."

"I see," William replied. "That's good to know."

Since Lilith was holding William's hand, the red-headed teenager asked Optimus to use a Diagnostic Spell on Lilith's body to ensure that she was as fit as a fiddle.

< There is nothing wrong with Lilith. All her vital signs are good, and I don't see any abnormalities aside from a slightly higher heart rate, which I think is normal for girls her age. >

'That's good to hear,' William replied.

The Half-Elf smiled at the Amazon who was looking at his face with a serious expression. Her gaze was so intense that it made William feel uncomfortable. Although he didn't mind being stared at by a beautiful girl, Lilith's stare was different.

Her gaze was like those of a thief that was looking for ways to steal a treasure that was housed inside a crystal casing. William didn't feel safe under Lilith's gaze, and he had a feeling that the latter would tie him up and carry him back home with her.

"Is there something on my face?" William asked as he tried to keep the calm expression on his face. "Or do you perhaps find me so handsome that you can't keep your eyes off me?"

William's words broke Lilith out of her daze, and the latter reluctantly let go of his hand, before briskly walking towards the dining area.

The Half-Elf scratched his head because he didn't understand what had just transpired between him and the Amazon Princess.

Princess Sidonie, Ashe, and Chiffon, were still sleeping inside William's room. The three had fought William until dawn, and all of them were quite exhausted. This was not the first time that this had happened, so the Half-Elf was confident that his three wives would be waking up around noon.

For the time being, he decided to have breakfast before he continued to explore the Seventh Sanctum alone.

His goal was to go to the place where the lightning bolts were active. Although there was no evidence, William thought that the Hall of Thunder was more likely to appear in a place where lightning storms rampaged unhindered.

After eating breakfast and leaving a message with Lilith to pass to Chiffon, William left the Villa and headed back to the real world.

As soon as William appeared inside the make-shift cave that he had made the night before, he came face to face with a robed figure that almost made him jump up in fright.

"Relax, it's just me."

The person standing in front of him said and removed the robe that was covering his body. Even though the interior of the cave was dark, William's Dark Vision allowed him to see the familiar face of the young man he had seen the day before.

"Your Excellency, please, don't scare me like that," William said as he pressed his hand over his chest. "You almost gave me a heart attack."

The young man gave William a bitter smile as he made a gesture for the Half-Elf to take a seat.

William obeyed and observed the young man in front of him. He was quite certain that the latter had taken the golden fruit from the tree, but after a good look, he didn't see any particular changes in the Diabolical Hell Ape's looks and aura.

The young man understood William's appraising look and sighed deeply.  

"I was able to get the fruit thanks to your help, but I wasn't able to keep it," the young man said with a trace of sadness. "In the end, I was forced to give it up in order to survive. I greatly underestimated the golden fruit's attraction to the creatures inside the Seventh Sanctum."

William felt sorry for the young man in front of him, but he also knew that the Diabolical Hell Ape made the right choice in letting the golden fruit go in exchange for his life.  

"Do you have any future plans, Your Excellency?" William inquired.

"No," the young man replied dejectedly. "Also, stop calling me 'Your Excellency'. From now on, you can call me Aldric."

"Understood, Lord Aldric."

"Good."

William stared at the young man in front of him and answered the question that he was dying to ask.

"Lord Aldric, how did you find me?" William inquired. He was very curious on how the Diabolical Hell Ape was able to pinpoint his location.

"Good question. I was able to find you because I can trace your aura," Aldric replied. "This is an ability I acquired after spending a month inside the Seventh Sanctum. My senses made a breakthrough and I can lock on the auras of any individual of my choosing. I already said that whether I succeeded or not, I would owe you a favor.

"I memorized your aura so that I could find you, and repay you for the help that you have given me. Now, tell me, what is it that you search for in this Forbidden Ground? Don't tell me that you're just out for a stroll in this dangerous place?"  

After pondering for a short moment, William decided to tell the Diabolical Hell Ape that he was looking for the Hall of Thunder. He was hoping that Aldric had come across this place during his two-month stay inside the Seventh Sanctum.

"The Hall of Thunder?" Aldric frowned. "You're also looking for it?"

"Also?"

"Well, to tell you the truth, I am also looking for it. I was supposed to head there after acquiring the Golden Fruit. My plan was to consume the fruit, while undergoing the trial of the Heavenly Thunder.  

"According to that person, my chances of achieving my goal would be higher if I had the golden fruit in my possession. She was also the one that gave me this bracelet that allowed me to temporarily take human form. If I remember correctly, her name should be Ariadne."

William's body stiffened after hearing the familiar name. He hadn't seen the Oracle since he left the Southern Continent, and he found this whole situation baffling.  

"Aldric, do you remember her face?" William inquired. He wanted to know if the Diabolical Hell Ape was referring to the Oracle that served under the God of Shepherd, or a lady that only shared the same name.

Aldric shook his head. "This is also the reason why she gave me a lasting impression. Aside from her name, I can't remember her face. During our entire conversation, I felt like my focus would lapse from time to time whenever I observed her face. It was quite a mysterious encounter.  

"Ah! I almost forgot. When she met me, she wasn't alone. There was this young girl, with red hair beside her. Actually, the little girl was also holding a wooden staff, similar to the one you own.. If memory serves me right, her name is Eve."


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 788: What A Small WorldChapter 788: What A Small WorldChapter 788: What A Small World
Chapter 788

William didn't expect to hear about Aldric's encounter with Ariadne.

As an Oracle, Ariadne was blessed with the power to glimpse the future. Unlike Elliot's clairvoyance, the mysterious lady could activate her ability whenever she wished for it.

'My meeting with Aldric should be a coincidence, right?' William thought.  

However, he couldn't stop the nagging feeling inside his head that the Oracle might have set things up for William to meet the Diabolical Hell Ape inside the Seventh Sanctum.

For the time being, William decided to ask subtle questions in order to verify his hunch.

"How did you meet her?" William inquired.

The Half-Elf knew that the Guardian of the Forest preferred to stay inside his Domain and not meddle with the outside world. Even when William came to ask for his help, the latter only said that he would help William if he could help him become a human.

"She came to my forest to look for me," Aldric replied. "She said that if I wanted to become Human, I should stop wasting my time in the Southern Continent and go to the Central Continent. I didn't know how she found out about my wish, but since a path has been opened up for me, I decided to take a leap of faith and come to the Central Continent with them."

"Wait!" William couldn't stop himself from stopping Aldric from continuing his explanation. "Ariadne and Eve are also here in the Central Continent?"

"Do you know them?" Aldric raised an eyebrow. "Yes. The three of us traveled together, but, we parted ways after she led me to this place. I've been here for two months, so that means that we arrived here in the Central Continent a month ago."

William sighed because of the missed opportunity. If only he had known that his little cousin, Eve, and Ariadne had arrived in the Central Continent, he might have gone to look for them.  

After reigning in his emotions, William inquired if Aldric knew where Ariadne and Eve were headed. Unfortunately, the Diabolical Hell Ape didn't know, so the Half-Elf's lead ended then and there.

'No matter,' William thought. 'After I leave this place, I will inform gramps that Eve is also in the Central Continent.'

"What a small world," Aldric said with a smile. "I didn't know that Eve was your cousin. She's quite an adorable girl."

"That she is. I'm worried about her safety." William scratched his head. "Did she bring her ducklings and that white goose with her?"

"Yes," Aldric replied. "They are an interesting bunch. Always following her around like she was their mother or something."

William only smiled at Aldric's reply. Eve had raised the ducklings since they were chicks, so all of them treated her as their mom. As for the White Goose, it was her bodyguard.  

Although a Millennial Beast was a powerful deterrent in the Southern Continent, the same couldn't be said in the Central Continent where countless Myriad Beasts could wander freely.

The Half-Elf could only hope that Ariadne would be strong enough to protect her cousin from Humans, as well as these dangerous vagabonds that would appear when one least expected them.

"Well then, I guess it's time to go," Aldric stood up. "You said that there is a chance that the Hall of Thunder is located in the north, right? Let's head there first."

William nodded as he followed the Diabolical Hell Ape outside the cave. With a powerful Beast to accompany him in his journey, the Half-Elf would have a higher chance in reaching his destination without falling prey to the Territorial Myriad Beasts that stood in their way.

—–

Two days after William and Aldric traveled to the north, a certain group of monsters were making their journey to the west.  

Just like Aldric, these three monsters had failed in the all-out-war for the golden fruit. Two of their members had died in the free-for-all battle for supremacy.  

In the end, the one who managed to snatch the fruit from their grasp was the Alpha Crimson Flame Wolf, who brought its entire pack to the battlefield.

The Alpha Wolf had been ruthless, not caring if the members of its pack sacrificed their lives in the process. The battle for the golden fruit lasted for an entire day, and the ground was littered with bodies of Myriad Beasts that died during this intense struggle.  

After acquiring the Golden Fruit, the Alpha Crimson Flame Wolf returned with its pack to their den. No monster dared to pursue them because they held the absolute advantage in numbers.

All the monsters knew that after a few days, a new powerful overlord would be born inside the Seventh Sanctum. The Terror Rats knew that it would be futile to snatch the fruit back from the Ruthless Alpha Wolf.  

Because of this, the Black-Striped Terror Rats decided to hunt down the culprit that was responsible for snatching the fruit, and attracting so many additional monsters along the way.  

If only the battlefield had remained in the small clearing, the Terror Rats were confident that they would have won the skirmish against the dozens of Myriad Beasts that decided to try their luck.

They held a vendetta against the Diabolical Hell Ape for foiling their plans to obtain the Golden Fruit, and decided to hunt him down.  

During the chase for the golden fruit, they had used their ability "Trace" on the Diabolical Hell Ape, to prevent him from escaping their grasp. For an entire month, they would be able to follow Aldric's tracks, even if the latter were to fly in the sky.

Several squeaks reverberated in the air as the three monsters communicated with the other Terror Rats in the vicinity. Soon, dozens of giant rats ran across the forest, forming an unstoppable force.

Because of this, no Myriad Beasts dared to block their path as they made their way towards the West.  

"Squeak!" the leader of the Black-Striped Terror Rats raised its head as it continued to run to the West.

""Squeak!""

The other Terror Rats voiced out their support as they ran behind their leader.. They were out for vengeance, and they would not stop until the target of their hatred was ripped to shreds by their very own hands.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 789: I Will Stop Him Even If This Body Of Mine Breaks Into PiecesChapter 789: I Will Stop Him Even If This Body Of Mine Breaks Into PiecesChapter 789: I Will Stop Him Even If This Body Of Mine Breaks Into Pieces
Chapter 789

Inside Hestia Academy…

"Ever since we returned, the academy forbade us from accepting any missions," Princess Eowyn said as she glanced at the beautiful flowers that swayed in the distance.

She, along with Kenneth, and Pearl were having afternoon tea inside a gazebo located in the academy's garden.

"The Headmaster is just worried about your safety, Your Highness," Pearl replied. "The incident with the Dryad had alarmed his Majesty, and he personally requested that we be exempt from the Quarterly Test of the academy.

"I know, and I understand why father acted the way he did," Princess Eowyn commented. "If not for Conan delaying for time, and Sir William's arrival, all of us might have suffered a fate worse than death. Even so, I just feel that nothing has changed. I'm still a flower inside a greenhouse, that is not allowed to go outside in fear that I might wither away."

Pearl sighed as she listened to Princess Eowyn's complaints. She then glanced at her comrade, Kenneth, who was sitting perfectly still with his eyes closed.

"Kenneth, are you asleep?" Pearl asked as she lightly tapped the silver-haired Elf's shoulder. After spending some time with William's Ex-Roommate, Pearl noticed that he would automatically fall asleep whenever they were not going to do anything.

'This person sure likes to sleep,' Pearl mused as she eyed the silver-haired Elf who was not giving any kind of reaction to her slight nudging.  

Princess Eowyn also shifted her attention to the elf who was sleeping peacefully while sitting on a chair.  

She didn't know much about Kenneth. The only thing she knew about him was that he came from the Rayleigh Family, who were well-known for their accurate prophecies.

Right now, the Elders of the Elven Council, as well as the Elf King were starting to feel anxious. According to the Patriarch of the Rayleigh Family, the time of the prophecy was near. Although he couldn't give an accurate time when it would happen, he affirmed that the Prince would be born in less than two years.

This had sent the Silvermoon Continent into a frenzy and various defenses were being set up around the Elven Kingdom in preparation for the Prince's arrival.

Princess Eowyn had also been given a special task by the Elven King, and that was to pay close attention to William.  

As someone who had met the twins of destiny, and learned Dark Magic, he was the prime candidate for becoming the Dark Prince.

It was not only her who had been keeping an eye on William. The Headmaster of the Academy, in addition to the various rulers of the land, were doing the same.  

With William's conquest of the Devil's Floor, their conviction that the Half-Elf was the Dark Prince was at an all time high.

Even so, there were still people that doubted whether William was truly the prophesied Prince or not. Kenneth was one of them.

"Sir Kenneth, do you still think that Sir William is not the Prince that will cover this world in darkness?" Princess Eowyn asked the silver-haired elf who still had his eyes closed.

Half a minute passed before Kenneth opened his eyes to look at the Elven Princess, who was looking at him with a serious expression on her face.

"I want to believe that William isn't the Prince of Darkness," Kenneth replied. "I don't want him to fall into darkness. If that were to really come to pass, I would personally go and stop him."

Kenneth's voice was firm, and his eyes held conviction. The Princess could tell that William's Ex-Roommate was serious in his declaration.

"And if you can't stop him?" Pearl asked. She had a very bad impression of William due to her sister's brainwashing. If only she was a match to the Half-Elf, she would have already beaten him up and demanded that her sister be returned to her former state of mind.

"There is no can't," Kenneth answered. He eyed Pearl as he firmly made his declaration. "I will stop him. Even if this body of mine breaks into pieces."

—–

"You can't find him?" Byron, the Headmaster of Hestia Academy, asked his agent who was tasked to follow William's movements after he set out of the academy.

The agent, who was in his late thirties, shook his head firmly.

"I was able to follow him up to the Port City of Alabaster, but after that, I lost his traces," the agent replied. "I made subtle inquiries to the Army Vice Captain named Haleth, but she didn't know where William was planning to go.

The Half-Elf only told her that he would go sight-seeing with the two ladies that accompanied him.

Byron snorted. "Sightseeing my foot."

Byron raised his hand and a giant scroll materialized in front of him. He then unfurled the scroll and gazed at the map of the Central Continent with a critical gaze.

"He went to the Port City of Alabaster…," Byron muttered. "There are many places that he could go from there, so finding his trail will be hard."  

After eyeing the map, a hint of realization appeared on Byron's old face.

'Could it be? No. He's not stupid enough to go there…,' Byron thought as eyed a purple vortex that spun at the Southwest corner of the Central Continent.

"The Seventh Sanctum…," Byron said softly. "Could he have really gone there?"

The face of the agent, who was listening to Byron's muttering, started to become pale after hearing the words Seventh Sanctum.

'I hope that he won't order me to go to the Forbidden Ground.' the agent prayed inside his heart. 'I still haven't lived enough. I don't want to die.'

After a few minutes, Byron sighed and made a gesture for the agent to leave. The agent respectfully bowed his head before leaving the Headmaster's office.

After stepping out of the office, the agent was able to breathe a sigh of relief. Even if his commission was increased, he would not dare to enter the Forbidden Ground for the sake of finding a Half-Elf.

Back inside the office, Byron tapped the map with his finger, while deep in thought.  

'Did he really go there?' Byron mused as he stared at the purple vortex on the map that was spread on his desk. 'That boy sure has guts. Does he not care for his life?'

The Headmaster of the Academy sighed as he rolled up the scroll and returned it inside his storage ring. Even with his current powers, he would have to think twice before venturing into this mysterious domain that had claimed many lives.

He knew that if William really had entered the Seventh Sanctum, it was already too late to do anything. All he could do now was wait in the Academy for the Half-Elf's return.  

As the Headmaster was about to deal with other urgent matters that required his attention, the door of his room broke apart, and a little fairy entered the room with a big smile on her face.

"Headmaster! I'm here!" Chloee announced as she landed on the Headmaster's desk. "I have already finished my mission. The item you requested has been delivered properly!"

The corner of Byron's lips twitched as he looked at the destroyed door of his office. He had just repaired it a week ago, and it was once again destroyed by the little fairy who liked to smash things that blocked her way.

"Chloee, didn't I tell you to knock on the door properly before you enter my office?" Byron asked.

"Didn't I just do what you told me to?" Chloee replied while tilting her head. "I knocked down your door properly! Hehehe, now, pay me for my mission! I plan to go shopping!"

The little fairy stretched out her little hand and demanded her payment.  

Byron was about to argue with her when an idea came to his mind.

"Say, Chloee, I have another mission for you ,and I plan to give you double, no, triple the rewards," Byron asked with a benevolent smile. "Are you interested?"

"Triple the rewards?" Chloee looked at the Headmaster suspiciously. "Since when did you become generous? Are you an impostor? Tell me, where did you hide that senile and stingy old man that doesn't take a bath? If you don't tell me the truth, I'm gonna clobber you!"

It took a while for Byron to coax and convince the violent little fairy that he was not an impostor. Also, after hearing the contents of the mission, Chloee readily agreed and set out to look for Celeste in order to inform her and ask for permission for her next expedition.

The Headmaster of Hestia Academy looked out of the window of his office with a smile.. Since the Forbidden Ground was a dangerous place, he would send out an equally dangerous little fairy to look for the Half-Elf who had disappeared without a trace.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 790: The Vengeful Terror RatsChapter 790: The Vengeful Terror RatsChapter 790: The Vengeful Terror Rats
Chapter 790

"You're going to the Seventh Sanctum to look for William?" Celeste frowned after hearing Chloee's report.

"Um, the Headmaster isn't sure if Will is inside the Seventh Sanctum," Chloee replied. "However, he gave me an artifact that could detect if students of the Academy have entered the Forbidden Ground. If the artifact does find traces of William's group, I am tasked to find them and bring them out safely."

Celeste rubbed her temple. She didn't expect that the Half-Elf would do something as dangerous as enter the Seventh Sanctum without notifying the Academy. If she knew beforehand, she would definitely send Chloee to accompany him on his journey.

"Very well, you may go," Celeste stated. "If William really went inside that dangerous place, make sure to bring him back alive, no matter what. Do you understand, Chloee?"

"Yes." Chloee nodded.  

Claire, who was listening quietly to the side, frowned, but she didn't have any opinion whatsoever about Chloee's mission. Instead, she patted her twin's shoulder and told her to be careful.

"I'm off!" Chloee said as she flew out through the window of Celeste's room.  

Celeste and Claire watched her small figure disappear from their sights with complicated emotions.  

As a Familiar, even if Chloee died inside the Forbidden Ground, Celeste could summon her once again. However, that didn't mean that she didn't feel sad or hurt whenever one of her Familiars died.  

Chloee and Claire were born from Celeste's soul. When they died, the beautiful Elf would feel a stinging pain in the core of her being.

William felt the same when Elliot and Conan died. Although the pain would subside given time, it was still a painful reminder to Celeste and William that a part of them had died alongside their Familiars.

—–

Two weeks had passed since William and Aldric had started to make their way towards the North Western Regions of the Forbidden Ground.

They had encountered several mishaps along the way, but with the help of the Diabolical Hell Ape, they were able to arrive at their destination.

William, Chiffon, Lilith, and Aldric stared at a vast expanse of land where several purple rivers met.  

Lightning streaked towards the ground en-masse, and thunder roared endlessly.  

Aldric's expression became grim because not only were the lightning bolts truly dangerous, the rivers that surrounded the area were branches of the River of Samsara.

One mistake and they would find themselves in an endless cycle of birth and rebirth, that would only stop after their thirteenth lifetime.

"William, Chiffon, Lilith, no matter what happens, don't fall on the river," Aldric said with a serious expression. "That is the River of Samsara. If you fall on that river, your obsessions and memories will be taken from you, and you will undergo a series of lifetimes through the cycle of death and rebirth. I advise all of you to tread lightly."

William frowned when he heard Aldric's explanation. Looking at the raging rivers that were similar to purple snakes that covered the entirety of his vision, he wanted to curse out loud.  

With such difficult terrain to maneuver, and the constant bombardment of lightning from above, the Half-Elf felt that finding the Hall of Thunder within this hell-like place would prove to be extremely dangerous.

Just as William was about to ask Optimus if it had a better idea about how to traverse through the region, a series of notifications rang inside his head.

The map on his status page enlarged and hundreds of purple dots appeared and seemed to be headed in their direction.

< Will, according to my calculations, these Black-Striped Terror Rats seemed to have locked onto our location. >

'What?! Why?!"

William's mind raced as he thought of several possibilities as to why these rats had run all the way from their forest to look for them.

'I clearly escaped the moment I threw the lollipops, so they are not after me,' William then gazed at the Diabolical Hell Ape who seemed to have also sensed that something was amiss. 'Don't tell me…'

< That is the only possibility. The Black-Striped Terror Rats are after the Diabolical Hell Ape. >

'F*ck!'

Soon, the ground trembled as the Horde of Terror Rats appeared in their vision. Shrill shrieks that spoke of death spread throughout their surroundings as the monster horde eyed William's group with murderous eyes.  

"Chiffon! Go!" William ordered as he tried to open a portal that led to the Thousand Beast Domain.

The pink-haired girl didn't waste any time and instantly teleported into William's domain using the wedding ring on her finger.  

Just like Princess Sidonie's Collar of Wisteria, William had added a special feature on Chiffon's wedding ring, to allow her to travel to the Thousand Beast Domain, anytime, anywhere.

Once Chiffon was safe, William started to open a portal so Lilith and Aldric could also enter his Domain. However, as the portal slowly formed in front of William's group, a Heavenly Lightning Bolt struck it, dispersing the portal instantly.  

William, Lilith, and Aldric were blown away by the explosion, sending them skidding a few meters away from where they once stood.

"Run!" William hastily stood up from the ground and activated his heroic avatar.

Lilith and Aldric glanced in his direction before running towards the hell-like land that was right in front of them.

William held the golden staff in his hand and aimed its tip at the approaching monster horde.

"Quick Shot War Art, Fourth Form!" William roared. "Grand Bazooka!"

A powerful explosion exploded from the golden staff's tip and flew towards the hundreds of Terror Rats.

The bodies of the rats glowed crimson as they unleashed their racial ability, a horrendous sound that was similar to fingernails scraping a chalkboard, reached William's ears.  

Hundreds of giant Crimson Blades, that had the power to rend space, met William's attack creating a powerful explosion that blew him, and several of the rats away from where they stood.

After regaining his footing, William hastily dodged to the side, to evade the Primal Rends that were raining down on him.  

The attacks that he had evaded created craters that were over ten meters wide, forcing William to use the golden staff as a pole vault to gain distance.

He had discovered a while ago that he couldn't fly in this hell-like region, which made escape very difficult.

Turning his head to look at his companions, he saw Lilith summon a crystal bridge to cross to the other side safely.

Aldric, on the other hand, summoned fireballs to attack the Crimson Blades that were headed in their direction.

William gritted his teeth as he shot several Railguns to repel the Crimson Blades that Aldric wasn't able to hit.

Thanks to the power of his golden staff that could lengthen itself, the Half-Elf jumped over the Rivers of Samsara without worries.

He was about to give the Terror Rats the middle finger when he noticed something unexpected.

Instead of stopping their pursuit, the Giant Rats stepped over each other's bodies, using them as a stepping stone to jump over the river.

If William was alone, he would have no trouble escaping the monster horde. Unfortunately, he couldn't leave Lilith and Aldric behind, so he was forced to engage the Terror Rats in order to delay their mad pursuit.

Ruyi Jingu Bang lengthened as William prepared to swat the Terror Rats, and send them to the torrential rivers that surrounded the land like a spiderweb.

Just as William was about to unleash his devastating attack, several Heavenly Lightning Bolts fell on his body.  

He had already anticipated that this would happen, so he had swapped his Job Class to Prince of Thunder. Unfortunately, the Heavenly Lightning Bolts were not ordinary lightning bolts. They contained a piece of Heaven's Will that tested the limits of humanity.

Even if William was immune to lightning, he still felt a stinging pain as he was pushed away by the lightning bolts, breaking his stance mid-air.

A mighty roar erupted in the distance, followed by ear-piercing shrieks.  

Aldric had transformed into his original form and entered a slugfest with four Myriad Black-Striped Terror Rats.

Lilith, on the other hand, was about to cross her crystal bridge when a Crimson Blade split it in two.

Showing her no mercy, the Terror Rats unleashed dozens of Crimson Blades in her direction.  

With the raging purple river in front of her, and dozens of Primal Rends behind her, Lilith was left with no room to maneuver as the Primal Rends tore through space and headed in her direction.  

Just as the Crimson Blades were about to land on her body, William appeared in front of her.

Using Ruyi Jingu Bang as a shield, he prepared himself to endure the powerful barrage that was strong enough to obliterate them.

With each blade that landed on the golden staff's body, William's feet skid on the crystal bridge. Blood started to flow at the corner of his lips because each attack that fell on him hit like a truck.

Suddenly, just as he thought that the worst was over, a gigantic crimson blade fell upon his body, sending him, and Lilith hurtling towards the River of Samsara.

William hurriedly reached out to the Amazon Princess and used his body to break their fall on the river's surface.

The Black-Striped Terror Rats angrily ran along the river bank as they searched for their prey. They were Myriad Beasts so it was very easy for them to detect any signs of life, even if it was beneath the waters.

Five minutes later, the Black-Striped Terror Rats shrieked and ran towards the Diabolical Hell Ape who was being attacked from all sides.

Now that the pests were gone, it was time for them to take their revenge.. They charged at the Giant Ape with their fangs bared in fury, no longer caring for the two people that had fallen into the raging River of Samsara.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 791: Stranded In A Strange WorldChapter 791: Stranded In A Strange WorldChapter 791: Stranded In A Strange World
Chapter 791

"Will, do you think that life is unfair?" a beautiful lady with black hair asked as she caressed the side of William's face.

"Yes," William replied as he looked at the lady's light-brown eyes with love. "Still, I am thankful that life allowed me to hold you in my arms like this. Are we really boyfriend and girlfriend now?"

"You don't want to be?"

"I want to be!"

The black-haired beauty smiled as she closed her eyes and raised her chin.  

William looked at the love of his life, and lowered his head to kiss her soft lips, which made his heart shudder.

Since it was his first time kissing someone, William merely pressed his lips over hers for a few seconds before pulling back.

"They said that the first kiss would taste like honey," the black-haired beauty said as she opened her eyes. "They were lying."

William blinked as he looked at the lady in front of her. He was so nervous that he had forgotten what his first kiss tasted like. The only thing he remembered was how soft her lips were.

"What did it taste like then?" William asked in curiosity. He was dying to know the answer to his question as he stared at her face lovingly.

"It tastes like happiness," the young lady answered as he wrapped her arms around William's neck. "Can you make me happier than I am now?"

"Gladly." William kissed her forehead as he cupped her face.  

"I love you, Belle."

"I love you too, Will."

Once again their lips met, and this time, William also tasted the happiness of kissing his beloved under the receding rays of the sunset.

—–

"Will!"

"Will! Wake up!"

"Open your eyes!"

"Will!"

William's eyes abruptly opened, and the first thing he saw was Lilith's worried face that was looking down at him.  

The Half-Elf winced in pain as he held his head with his right hand. However, it was not only his head that was aching, he also felt a slight ache in his heart, as a hazy feeling escaped his senses.

William was very familiar with this feeling. It was the same sensation that he felt when parts of his past life vanished from his memories.

The Half-Elf sighed because he once again felt this discomforting sense of nothingness. It was as if there was a gaping hole inside his heart, making him have trouble breathing.

"Are you alright?" Lilith asked as she looked at William's pale face.

William nodded. "I'm fine. I just need a bit of time to recover."

The Half-Elf then looked at their surroundings in confusion. They seemed to be in a ruined city. But, what baffled him were the various tall structures in the distance that reminded William of skyscrapers from Earth.  

"Where are we?" William asked.  

Lilith shook her head. "I don't know. The last thing I remembered was falling on the river with you. When I woke up, we were already here."

The Amazon Princess shuddered when she remembered the scene of her falling towards the river.  

She also remembered a pair of strong hands grabbing her body. After that, she found herself in William's embrace.  

The moment they fell on the water, the two of them were enveloped in some kind of bubble, as they descended into the river's depths.

That was the last memory that Lilith remembered before waking up in this strange world that she was seeing for the first time.

William and Lilith were currently at a river bank, and right across them was a city in ruins.

The Half-Elf tried to stand up, but he couldn't put enough strength on his legs to support his body. Feeling helpless, William decided to use his Wind Magic to allow him to hover above the ground for the time being.

However, nothing happened.

William frowned as he once again activated his powers, but no response came from his body.

'Optimus, what's happening?' William asked.

No reply came which made the frown on William's face deepen. The Half-Elf then closed his eyes to look at his status page, but the only thing that greeted him was darkness.  

The next thing he did was to access his Sea of Consciousness, but it also didn't bear any fruit.  

William then raised his hand to open a portal to the Thousand Beast Domain, but just like his earlier attempts, that too yielded no result.  

Lilith noticed what Wiliam was doing, so she immediately tried to use her power to summon crystals.  

This time, it was Lilith's turn to frown as she tried to use her ability over and over again.  

She then tried to open the storage rings, and storage bags in her possession but it was to no avail.

Finally, Lilith used her last resort and activated her Divinity. This time, she received a response but it was very faint. The only thing that she was able to do was vaguely detect treasures in their surroundings.

Aside from that, no other abilities seemed to work.

"We can't use our powers?" William muttered. It was not a question, but more of a realization of their current circumstance.

Lilith bit her lip because she, too, realized that her own Divinity was suppressed by the world they were in.

Before the two could get a better grip of their situation, they heard shouting in the distance.

William and Lilith exchanged glances and the Amazon Princess hurriedly supported William's body, to help him walk.

As they struggled to make their way to the place where the shouts were getting stronger, they saw several people fighting against decaying bodies that greatly resemble zombies.  

Curses and shouts permeated the surroundings as the people tried to hack the zombies with their bladed weapons. The two sides fought, but a glance was enough to tell them that the people were inexperienced in close combat.

They merely hacked like crazy lunatics who didn't want to become zombie food.

"Noooo! Ahhhh!" A man screamed as two zombies lunged on him and began biting into his flesh.

The other people screamed in fright as they were slowly being overwhelmed by the zombies that had locked all of them in an encirclement.

"Go and help them," William pleaded. "Leave me here for the time being. I can defend myself. In order to kill the zombies, you need to sever their heads from their bodies.

"Also, don't get too close to those who were bitten by the zombies. There's a chance that they might have been infected by the zombie virus and will soon turn into zombies as well."

"Okay," Lilith replied. Although she didn't understand what a Zombie Virus was, she still decided to listen to William's advice.  

After letting the Half-Elf lean on a wall, Lilith took out the two short swords on her waist and ran to help the people who were screaming in fear.  

With practiced movements, zombie heads started to roll on the ground as the Amazon Princess unleashed her deadly martial arts.  

In this strange world where she couldn't use her powers, Lilith knew that only William, her strong body, and her martial prowess, were the only things she could depend on.

Five minutes later, the survivors looked at the young lady in disbelief and admiration.. Standing over a pile of corpses, with two short swords in her hands, she looked like a Goddess of War that had descended on the land to save them from the horrors that plagued their everyday lives.  


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 792: Welcome To Glory ShelterChapter 792: Welcome To Glory ShelterChapter 792: Welcome To Glory Shelter
Chapter 792

Lilith stared at the man that had been bitten by the zombie earlier. William had told her not to get too close to the person because he might have been infected by the Zombie Virus.

The man's comrades stood at a distance while they looked at him with sadness, because they understood that his fate was already sealed.  

"K-Kill me," the man pleaded. He knew that in less than an hour, he would turn into a zombie as well. "Just make it quick. I don't want to suffer much."

Lilith nodded. She moved behind the man and prepared to stab his heart with one quick thrust.

"Wait!"

The Amazon's short sword stopped only an inch away from the man's back. She then looked in William's direction and saw the Half-Elf walking towards her, using a steel bar as support.

"Let me try something first," William said as he struggled to walk towards the man. He still felt weak, and his legs weren't strong enough to support his body.

Lilith didn't move to support William because she was paying close attention to the man's current condition. If the man turned into a zombie, she would immediately sever his head and end his misery.

"Give me your hand," William stated as he reached out towards the man. "I will end your suffering."

The man looked at William's outstretched hand before shifting his attention to the red-headed teenager's face. After a brief internal struggle, the man reached out to hold William's hand.

"I might turn into a zombie any moment now," the man said. "Whatever you plan to do, make it quick."

The blood vessels of the man started to bulge in his skin. Clearly, the Zombie Virus had started to invade his body, and it wouldn't be long before his sanity disappeared completely.

"Understood," William replied. "I pray that you live a more peaceful life in your next reincarnation."

White flames surged from William's hand and passed through the man's body. Soon, the man was engulfed with white flames, but the latter didn't feel any pain. Instead, he found relief. It was as if all his worries had turned to ashes.

"Thank you," the man said as tears streamed down the side of his face," the man said. "Michelle… I will see you… soon."

The man's companions teared up when they saw his body turn into particles of light. It was also at that moment when a white orb of light appeared amidst the particles and slowly traveled towards the sky.

William watched this scene with a relieved expression because he knew that the man had now started his new journey towards the cycle of reincarnation.

The Flames of Purification came from the tears of a Goddess that fell during the Era of the Gods.  

When William was thinking on how to save the man from afar, a small flame blazed at the tip of his finger. With this realization, the Half-Elf felt that he could safely send the man's soul to the afterlife, painlessly.

"Thank you for giving him relief," a lady who seemed to be in her early thirties said as she approached William. She then shifted her attention to Lilith and bowed her head. "Also, thank you for saving our lives. If you didn't help us, we might have all turned into zombies as well."

William looked at the fallen zombies around them. He then tried an experiment and flicked a small white fireball at one of them.

The moment the small fireball hit the zombie, white flames covered its entirety and turned it into particles of light.

Suddenly, a white orb of light flew towards William and circled around him.

"Thank you."

A soft, yet relief-filled voice reached everyone's ears. They then watched the white orb of light fly towards the sky.

"Good job," Lilith said with a smile as she approached William.  

However, her smile immediately disappeared when she saw the Half-Elf spat out a mouthful of blood. Lilith hurriedly went to support William to prevent him from collapsing.

"Are you alright?" Lilith asked in a worried tone.

"Yes," William replied as he wiped away the traces of blood at the corner of his lips. "I'm fine. This is just the side effect of using the Flames of Purification."

The Half-Elf sighed in his heart as he glanced around at the bodies of the zombies around him. When he was able to purify one of the zombies, he thought that he could send them all to the afterlife.

However, he didn't expect that using the Flames of Purification would take a great toll on his body.  

Back in Hestia, he could easily purify millions of undead without breaking a sweat. However, in this world, the power he could bring out was limited. This was why he decided to set aside his plan on purifying the bodies of the other zombies.

'Instead of mana, the flames require a bit of my life force to activate,' William thought as he pondered the side-effects of using the Flames of Purification. 'Unless it is absolutely necessary, I can't use this ability recklessly.'

"My name is Cathy. For now, we should return to the shelter." the lady who had approached William said with a worried expression. "The sun will set in a few hours, and if we're not careful, we might meet Higher-Undead on our return trip. They are much stronger than the zombies that you have fought. It will be best to avoid them as much as possible."

William and Lilith exchanged glances before shifting their attention back to Cathy.

"Okay. We will come with you," Lilith said. "Is your shelter far from here?"  

"A bit," Cathy replied apologetically. "However, we have a truck parked ten minutes away from here. With that, we can reach the shelter in half an hour."

Lilith frowned. "Truck?"

"You can think of it as a horseless carriage," William commented before shifting his gaze to the boxes of canned goods that had fallen on the street. "Are you perhaps scavenging for supplies?"

Cathy nodded her head. "Yes. Our food reserves are getting low. This is why we are forced to travel far from the shelter in order to look for something to eat."

William had read many post-apocalypse novels and understood how hard it was to gather resources in a world where danger lurked around every corner.  

A single glance was enough to tell him that among the ten people who were scavenging for food, only three were somewhat capable of fighting against the zombies.

The rest were just normal people, and clearly no match for the monsters that they had just faced.

"I will thank you in advance for your hospitality," William said with a smile. "I hope that we don't trouble you too much."

"Nonsense, you saved our lives. It will be our honor to welcome both of you into our humble shelter."

"That's right. The two of you are our saviors. Don't be shy. Come with us."  

The other members of the group voiced their agreement, so William and Lilith joined them on their return trip back to their shelter.

After half an hour of maneuvering in deserted streets, they arrived at what seemed to be a stadium.  

Cathy smiled as she opened the doors for William and Lilith to enter.

"Welcome to Glory Shelter," Cathy said. "Although we don't have much, it is more comfortable resting here, than sleeping on the streets."

Just as Cathy was about to say more, a series of running footsteps echoed on the hallway of the stadium. Since the entire stadium was silent, these sets of footsteps easily reached their ears unhindered.  

William's eyes, who were accustomed to dark places, saw her first.

A teenage lady with long red hair, similar to a flame, ran in their direction.  

When he was only a few meters away from Cathy's group, the lady stopped running and walked briskly towards them.

Cathy was surprised because she didn't expect their leader to personally come to welcome them on their return trip.  

Her amber eyes locked on William and Lilith with restrained happiness, and the corner of her lips rose up into a charming smile.

"Welcome to Glory Shelter," the red-haired young lady greeted. "My name is Raizel. I'd like to personally invite our honored guests to stay in my residence to rest."

William and Lilith eyed at the teenage lady in front of them with a serious expression. For some reason, they felt quite attracted to her. It was as if Raizel was someone very important to them.

Raizel didn't shy away from their gazes. In fact, she even puffed up her chest and placed both of her hands on her waist.. After that she gave her two guests a wide grin, which unexpectedly made William's and Lilith's hearts… skip a beat.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 793: Lilith’s ConfusionChapter 793: Lilith’s ConfusionChapter 793: Lilith’s Confusion
Chapter 793

William laid down on the couch sideways, as he eyed the young lady who was humming a tune while preparing coffee in her makeshift kitchen.

Raizel was wearing sports wear that showed her amazing figure. Sensing that William was looking at her, she turned her head and gave William a wink, which made the Half-Elf feel awkward.

In the end, William decided to close his eyes to rest. When he and Lilith fell into the River of Samsara, he immediately switched his Job Class to Einherjar and prayed that his skill "One Who Breaks The Rules" would activate.

Fortunately, it did.

William and Lilith didn't enter the cycle of life and rebirth, but they had appeared in a post-apocalyptic world that was in ruins.  

The Half-Elf had lost a very important memory to him in exchange for their safety. However, after shielding Lilith from the purplish waters, it also drained William's strength.  

He also used the Flames of Purification which further weakened his already weaker body. The only way for William to regain his strength was to take a rest, and that was what he decided to do.

Lilith, who was sitting on a chair, glanced at William before shifting her attention back to the teenage lady who was carrying a tray in her hands.

She placed the tray on the small table, and personally handed a cup to Lilith.  

After doing that, she approached Willam's couch and sat on the carpet. She then started to poke William's cheeks, nose, chin, and lips with her delicate finger.

William had already fallen into a deep sleep, so he wasn't bothered by the young lady who was poking his face to satisfy her curiosity.

Lilith sipped her coffee and watched this scene unfold. Half a minute later, she lowered the coffee cup on the table after she realized something important.

'Why am I not stopping her from taking advantage of Will's condition?' Lilith was inwardly shocked about this development.  

She was very sure that if other women were to poke William's face in such a manner, she would probably break their finger without batting an eye.  

However, not only did she not stop Raizel from poking William to oblivion, she also thought that this was a very "normal" occurrence.

'Did she use charm on me?' Lilith thought, but she immediately rejected this idea. She was the embodiment of Greed and the power of the Seven Deadly Sins didn't work on her.

Even Princess Sidonie, and Morgana, at their full power wouldn't be able to charm him even if they worked together.

Lilith took a deep breath to calm herself down before calling out to the red-haired young lady, who had sneakily kissed William's cheeks.

"Raizel, it is inappropriate for a teenage lady like you to kiss a sleeping man." Lilith scolded. "Let him rest. He is very tired."

Raizel turned around and crawled towards Lilith with a smile. She then placed her hands on the armchair and pulled herself up.

Before Lilith could even react to the girl's action, the young lady had already planted a kiss on her cheeks, which caught her by surprise.  

"I feel so happy," Raizel said as she rested her head on Lilith's lap. "This is a very lonely place. Although I read the diary, I still can't believe that everything that was written there is true."

The young lady sighed as she hugged Lilith's legs like a pillow. Soon, her soft sleeper breaths reached Lilith's ears which made the latter's body stiffen.

She looked at the girl sleeping on her lap, before shifting her gaze at the sleeping Half-Elf on the couch. For some reason, she had the sudden urge to throw something at William in order to wake him up.

She wanted the Half-Elf to help her deal with the young lady who was treating her as a hug pillow.

In the end, she resolved herself to push Raizel away. However, the moment her hand touched the young lady's head, Lilith felt that she couldn't bear to push her away.

A few seconds later, Lilith let out a long depressing sigh. She then started to gently brush the young lady's hair with her hand, which made the latter's expression soften as she slept.

'Just what is going on?' Lilith thought helplessly as she continued to brush Raizel's smooth hair. 'I guess I'll ask for an explanation after she wakes up."

A few minutes later, Lilith leaned on her chair and closed her eyes to rest. Although her exhaustion wasn't as severe as William's the battle against the Black-Striped Terror Rats had taken a toll on her body as well.

Soon, the sound of three people sleeping spread across the room. Among them, the young lady with long red hair, snored without a care in the world.

——

Port City of Alabaster…

White Fang scratched his head as he looked at the little fairy-like creature in front of him.

Chloee sat on top of the table and happily ate several pancakes without pause.  

The little fairy had arrived carrying the crest of Hestia Academy, demanding their cooperation. Because of this, they had decided to treat her as a VIP Guest and seriously help her with her mission.

However, they didn't expect that the first order she would give them was to give her pancakes to eat.

Even Haleth, who was the calmest of them all, found this entire situation headache inducing. Chloee just focused on eating and would only talk to them when the pancakes on her plate were almost gone.

From the short pauses between eating, White Fang and Haleth managed to understand her reason for visiting their port city.

'Why is everyone looking for Sir William?' Haleth bit her lip in frustration. It was not long ago when one of the agents of Hestia Academy also asked them for information about the Half-Elf.

Since William didn't tell them where he was going, they decided not to pry into his personal matters. This had made the agents from Hestia Academy very upset, because they had failed to complete the mission that was given to them.

White Fang and Haleth thought that no more inquiries would arrive, but Chloee's arrival had made them realize the seriousness of the situation.

After prying a bit of information from the little fairy, they found out that there was a possibility that William had entered the Forbidden Ground.

This information made Haleth very anxious because several strong warriors and adventurers had failed to return after venturing into the Seventh Sanctum.

They knew that these treasure-seeking individuals used the City of Alabaster as a place to restock before challenging the Forbidden Ground in the hopes that they would strike it big when they returned.

Unfortunately, none of them had been seen since then and knowing that her idol might have ventured to that place, made Haleth curse William and his ancestors up to the fifth generation.

"Okay, I'm full," Chloee patted her belly and burped out loud. "You guys are good. Those pancakes were delicious."

White Fang and Haleth could only smile stiffly at their little guest.. They just hoped that while she was here, the little fairy would not turn the Port City of Alabaster upside down in search of the Half-Elf who had disappeared without a trace.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 794: Swiper’s Ambition [Part 1]Chapter 794: Swiper’s Ambition [Part 1]Chapter 794: Swiper’s Ambition [Part 1]
Chapter 794

"No one knows what this place is really called, but due to the countless number of undeads that roam the land, the locals decided to just call this place 'The Deadlands'".

Raizel explained as she eyed her two guests with a smile.  

They had just finished eating dinner, and were lazing around inside her room, so she decided to answer William's and Lilith's questions.

"The Deadlands? Well, I guess it's a good name to call this place," William said as he leaned on the couch. "Do you have any idea how big this place is?"

Raizel shook her head. "When I first arrived here, I thought of exploring the surroundings, but the number of undead around the outskirts of the city is staggering. I didn't want to take any chances, so I decided to look for a safe place to stay as I conducted my investigation.

"The previous owner of the Glory Shelter was a good person, and she allowed me to stay here. Unfortunately, during one of our scavenging operations, the 'Haunting' commenced and we found ourselves, surrounded on all sides by Death Knights and other Higher-Undead."

A sad expression appeared on Raizel's face as she told William and Lilith how the previous Guardian of the Glory Shelter sacrificed her life in order to buy time and allow them to break through the encirclement.

"That was three months ago." Raizel lowered her head. "The number of people in the Glory Shelter has also decreased since then. Right now, there are only thirty-eight survivors in this shelter. Forty, if I add the two of you."

Lilith, who had maintained her silence while listening to Raizel's explanation, crossed her arms over her chest.

"Does this Haunting happen on a regular basis?" Lilith inquired.

Raizel nodded. "It happens every three to five days. Usually, we only scavenge for food a day after the Haunting ends. Fortunately, the two of you arrived today. If you had appeared in this world yesterday, you might have found yourselves trapped amidst a vast army of Undead."

William frowned. He and Lilith weren't able to use their powers, so fighting against an army of Undead is akin to suicide. Even though he could use the Flames of Purification, he could only use it sparingly because it took a toll on his body, everytime he used it.

"Are there any other shelters aside from the Glory Shelter?" William asked.  

"Of course," Raizel replied in a heartbeat. "Although I don't know about other places, this city has at least twenty shelters. Aside from humans, there are other races that appear here from time to time like Orcs, Demons, Devils, Elves, Beastkins, Dwarves, Gnomes, etc. Our shelter mostly has Humans, but the others have mixed races in them."

"Are these shelters all in good terms with each other?" Lilith inquired. If so many ethnicities were gathered in one place, there were bound to be disputes. She was very curious if, aside from the Undead, they also had to be wary of the people that were also doing their best to survive within this land ruled by the Undead."

Raizel sighed. She was about to answer the question when a ringing sound rang out inside the building.  

"Speaking of the Devil," Raizel muttered in annoyance. She then grabbed the sword that was hanging on the wall before glancing back at the two clueless people inside her room. "Please, come with me. I might need your help in dealing with these bastards who don't know how to coexist in peace."

William and Lilith glanced at each other before following Raizel who had already started running down the hallway.  

A few minutes later, they arrived at the entrance of the stadium where a dozen Demons were gathered.

"What do you want this time, Swiper?" Raizel asked as she glared at the two-meter tall boarkin that reminded William of Zhu. "Do you really think that we are people that you can bully?"

The Boarkin laughed out loud as he eyed the beautiful young lady in front of him. "Raizel, my boys told me that your people managed to salvage plenty of resources earlier. Don't worry, we didn't come here to trouble you. We just came to ask you to share some of those provisions with us."

Raizel sneered at Boarkin whose face was as thick as an electric pole. "Share our provisions? Do you really think I am a gullible child? Why don't you just say that you intend to steal the provisions we worked hard to acquire?"

Swiper shook his head and clicked his tongue. "Steal? Don't slander me, my dear. I don't have a habit of bullying the weak. Tell you what, why don't you and your people join our Demonic Shelter?  

"I will guarantee your safety and the safety of those under you. All you need to do is help us gather provisions from time to time. What do you say? It's a win-win proposal, right?"

Raizel gritted her teeth and unsheathed the sword that she had brought with her.

"Since you want provisions so much, how about I use your body to cook a barbecue for your people?" Raizel took a fighting stance and glared hatefully at the Demons in front of her.

Swiper chuckled as he eyed the young beauty whose eyes had locked onto his body.

"Do you really want to go down this route?" Swiper raised his hand and the Demons took out their weapons. "I admit that you are a strong fighter, but you're only one person."

The Boarkin eyed the people behind Raizel who unconsciously took a step back from the Demon's intimidation.

While some of the members of the Glory Shelter could deal with normal zombies, they couldn't possibly fight off Demons who are well versed in combat.

Raizel frowned because she knew that none of the people behind her were the Demons' match.

"Raizel, I admire your strength," Swiper commented. "Become my subordinate and I promise that your people will no longer have anything to fear in the Deadlands. This is your last chance. You're a smart person, so make the right decision!"

Raizel gritted her teeth as she firmly held the weapon in her hand. She now understood that Swiper's true reason for coming to their shelter was to Annex them and bring them under his wing.  

Sharing the supplies was just an excuse to force them to submit to his will. While she was pondering on what to do next, she felt a hand rest on her shoulder.  

Turning her head to the side, she saw William looking at the Demons with a calm expression on his face.  

"I'll handle this," William said as he took a step forward. In his hands was a long steel pipe that he had picked up from the ground.  

The Half-Elf walked towards the Demons while resting the steel pipe on his shoulders. He was like a hoodlum that was about to ask people for protection money.

"Your name is Swiper, right?" William asked.

"And you are?" Swiper frowned as he looked at the handsome Half-Elf. This was the first time he was seeing William, so he didn't know if he was a capable fighter or not.

Only Raizel held a significant threat against him because he had crossed swords with her a month ago and experienced her fighting prowess first hand.  

Because of this, he desired to make her his subordinate so that their Demonic Shelter could have the power to annex the other shelters in order to become the sole ruler of the survivors in the Deadlands.

"Me?" William smiled as he stopped a meter away from the Boarkin who made a gesture to his subordinates to surround the Half-Elf. "I am… Your Daddy!"

Without another word, William swung the steel pipe on his shoulder, hitting the side of Swiper's right face, sending him tumbling to the side.  

This scene made the Demons, and the Humans, who were paying close attention to William's and Swiper's chat, look at the Half-Elf with dumbfounded expressions on their faces.  

All of them only had one thought in their minds and that was…

'This guy is dead!'

Swiper hastily stood up from the ground and touched his right cheek. He didn't expect that William would have the guts to take the initiative to attack him. Because of this, he felt that he had been shamed in front of his subordinates and it made his eyes become bloodshot.

"What are you waiting for?!" Swiper roared. "Kill him!"


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 795: Swiper’s Ambition [Part 2]Chapter 795: Swiper’s Ambition [Part 2]Chapter 795: Swiper’s Ambition [Part 2]
Chapter 795

Swiper's roar broke the Demons out of their daze and they immediately closed the distance to attack William.

The red-headed teenager only smirked at their advance and held the make-shift weapon in his hand firmly.  

Since he was surrounded, William decided to deal with the nearest enemy and break the Demon's momentum.  

William thrust his steel pipe backwards to hit the Demon who tried to stab him from behind. This sent the demon tumbling backwards as the pipe hit his chest perfectly. If not for the piece of armor he was wearing, he might have already been seriously injured by William's backhanded attack.

After knocking back his attacker from behind, William lowered his body and spun around, using the steel pipe to hit the legs of the Demons that had ventured within his strike range.

A burly demon roared as he used his hands to grab the steel pipe in a firm grip.

"I got his weapon!" the burly demon shouted. "Kill him!"

Six demons hurriedly closed the distance and engaged William in close combat. The Half-Elf smirked as he let go of the steel pipe, and started to punch, kick, and elbow the Demons that thought they could easily kill him without his weapon.

Even though William couldn't use his powers, that didn't mean that his body had weakened significantly when they appeared inside the Deadlands.  

Although he couldn't see his stats, he could tell that his strength was still the same. As someone who had been taught hand to hand combat by Dwayne, the Half-Elf was just as deadly as he was in close quarters even if he didn't have a weapon in hand.

One of the Demons that had suffered from William's punches took out a throwing knife and threw it while the Half-Elf wasn't looking.

However, before the knife could even approach the Half-Elf it was knocked aside by Raizel. She then stomped on the ground and disappeared from where she stood.

A few seconds later, she reappeared in front of the Demon and slashed her blade with fury.

The demon's head rolled off from its body and fell on the ground with a thud. Blood sprayed like a fountain from its severed neck before falling to the ground, twitching.

Swiper, seeing that his men were at a great disadvantage roared in anger and joined the fray.  

Raizel braced herself to engage the leader of the Demonic Shelter, but before she could do that, a blur appeared in front of her and clashed with the Demon who wielded a sword that was almost as long as his body.

Lilith unleashed a barrage of attacks, forcing the Demon to step into a defensive stance. After receiving the Amazon's deadly attacks, Swiper realized that the lady with long, light-brown hair was not only skilled, but was also slightly stronger than him.

Raizel, who was the strongest fighter in the Glory Shelter, was at par with his fighting ability. This was why he wanted her to become his subordinate. He believed that if he attacked the people of the shelter, Raizel would have no choice but to submit to his rule in order to save her people.

This was the plan he had in mind, and he was sure that he could pull it off.

However, after the appearance of the red-headed teenager, as well as the lady that was currently fighting against him, he knew that his plan was doomed to fail.  

After briefly scanning his surroundings, the Demonic Boar disengaged himself with Lilith. He then took several steps back in order to gain distance from the strong warrior that made him feel that his life was in danger.

"Retreat!" Swiper ordered. He didn't care whether his men heard his orders or not. He simply ran away and jumped into his truck. A moment later, the truck came to life and left the premises, leaving behind his subordinates that had been struggling to their feet.

Seeing that his opponents had lost the will to fight, William stopped his attacks and allowed them to run away.

At first, he planned to kill all of them, but Raizel held onto his arm and shook her head firmly. Although he was reluctant to leave the source of trouble alone, he decided to give her face and stopped his attacks on the fleeing Demons.

Among the dozens of demons that Swiper had brought with him, one had died under Raizel's blade.

William glanced at the dead body, just in time to see it turn into particles of light. He also saw a small orb of light, that he believed to be the Demon's soul. The orb of light slowly turned dark as it flew towards a black tower in the distance.  

As someone who had experience in purifying souls, William knew that the soul had been corrupted by an unholy energy.  

"Although his body had disappeared, his soul will now be trapped in that tower until a new undead vessel is born," Raizel said with a depressed sigh. "Aside from turning into zombies, there are other ways that the Undead Legion replenishes their ranks here in the Deadlands.

"This is why there was an unwritten rule that the survivors shouldn't fight against each other. Of course, this rule doesn't apply to those who are ambitious. Even in this God-Forsaken world, they still think of ruling above others. They're all a bunch of bastards."

William looked in the direction where Swiper's Group had run away. He still didn't understand much about this world, so he decided to do some investigation first.  

"Is there any way to leave this place?" William asked as he shifted his attention to the black tower in the distance.  

"There is," Raizel answered. "However… we need to wait for an opportunity to arrive."

William frowned as he shifted his attention towards Raizel. "Wait for an opportunity?"

Raizel nodded. "According to the Diary I read, the way to leave this place will open once the moon turns red. At that moment, the Undead Legion would raze this city to the ground and kill all the remaining survivors. That is when the exit to this world will appear."

"I don't know if I should be glad, or be worried about this revelation," Lilith commented as she walked towards Raizel. "Where is this Diary that you speak of, and how do you know that the information written there is correct?"

Raizel suddenly revealed an awkward expression on her face. She seemed to be fighting an internal struggle inside her heart, but in the end, she decided to answer Lilith's question to the best of her ability.

"I can't show you where the diary is because I don't have it with me," Raizel replied. "However, I can guarantee that the information I shared with you is true. The person who wrote it is someone I trust with my life. Please, believe me."

Raizel's amber-colored-eyes stared at Lilith unblinking. The Amazon Princess held the young lady's gaze and realized that there was no falsehood in the depths of her eyes.

"Fine. I will believe you, for now." Lilith relented. "But, did that Diary tell you when this Red Moon will appear? I don't want to stay in this place for years. There are people waiting for me back home. The same can be said for him."

Lilith used her chin to point in William's direction.

The Half-Elf could only smile bitterly because he shared Lilith's opinion. He, too, didn't plan to stay in this world for a long time. William still had many things to do, and his wives would surely be worried if he disappeared for years.

"You don't have to worry about this," Raizel said with a smile. "The time in this world is different from the outside world. Although I don't know the exact conversion, I'm guessing a year here will not be longer than a month in our own worlds and timelines."

"Worlds and timelines?" William tilted his head to the side. Suddenly a realization dawned on him and his eyes widened in shock.  

Raizel smirked because she could tell what William was thinking. However, she didn't say anything and simply waited for the Half-Elf to ask the question that had come to his mind.

"You mean, you, and the other races here, didn't come from Hestia?" William asked. "Also, are they from different timelines as well? Do you mean, some of them came from the past, and the future?"

"Yes." Raizel nodded her head. "Cathy came from a world named Mourncat, and Swiper came from a world called Nethervine. As for the different timelines… there were cases when two people that came from the same world lived in different time periods."

The young lady with long red hair, and amber eyes grinned at William. "Who knows? Maybe you will meet some of them sometime in the future."

Raizel didn't say anything else aside from that and ordered her people to return inside the stadium.. Now that Swiper and his gang had suffered defeat by their hands, they would not be making trouble with the Glory Shelter anytime soon.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 796: The Haunting [Part 1]Chapter 796: The Haunting [Part 1]Chapter 796: The Haunting [Part 1]
Chapter 796

Four days passed after William and Lilith arrived in the Deadlands…

"The Haunting has begun," Raizel said with a serious expression as she looked at the black tower in the distance.  

Red mist started to extend from the tower, and it slowly made its way to the city.  

William felt a familiar sensation spread across his left hand, as it reacted to the power of the Undead that the tower was radiating.  

A few moments later, William heard a distinct ringing sound that came from the tower. The sound was similar to the peeling of a bell, and it made the hair on WIlliam's neck stand on end.

"Do either of you hear that ringing sound?" William asked the two girls by his side.

The three of them were on the roof of the stadium to observe the Haunting from their vantage point.

"Ringing sound?" Lilith frowned. "What ringing sound?"

"I don't hear anything unusual," Raizel answered. "Will, do you hear something ringing?"

After spending a few days together, the three of them had become close to each other and comfortably called each other's names without any problem.  

William nodded. "Yes. It is coming from that tow–"

Suddenly, William's eyes glowed and turned golden. He then held his shoulders with his hands as his body shuddered uncontrollably. Beads of sweat formed on his forehead as he held back the blood thirst that he had been keeping at bay for the past few days.

Ever since he had entered the Seventh Sanctum, he hadn't been able to drink any blood from Charmaine and the other Elves. This was a problem that had been plaguing him ever since he had entered the Deadlands, and he was using his willpower to keep it at bay.

However, the ringing sound of the Black Tower seemed to have bypassed the emotional barrier that he had set in place and broke it to pieces.  

William took ragged breaths as his fangs slowly extended.  

"Don't come near me," William said hoarsely as he used all of his willpower to resist the urge to pin down one of the girls beside him and drink their blood. "Go back inside. Hurry!"

"What is happening to you?" Lilith asked worriedly. She was about to touch William's shoulder, but Raizel caught her hand and prevented her from touching the Half-Elf.

"Let's go," Raizel said as she glanced at William with a complicated expression. "We will only make things worse if we stay here. Let's go hide in the basement with the others."

The young lady didn't wait for Lilith to say anything and forcefully drag her away, leaving William behind.

The Half-Elf kneeled on the roof of the stadium as the nails on his left hand turned black.  

'This is bad,' William thought as nerves started to bulge in his left hand. He had never allowed his bloodthirst to get out of control because he had a steady supply of blood to drink from.

Now that his connection with the Thousand Beast Domain was cut off, he had no means of quenching his blood thirst, aside from drinking from the people in the shelter.

This was something William didn't want to do, so he had tried to hold himself back for as long as he could. He just didn't expect that the Haunting would cause his Vampiric Powers to rise to the surface.

Due to William's heightened senses, he was able to see countless eerie-looking, glowing, orbs of various colors coming out from the base of the tower.

Minutes passed and this procession of glowing lights entered the city.

William took in a deep breath when he realized that those glowing lights were actually the eyes of the undead legion that Raizel had spoken of.

"This is indeed troublesome," William muttered.  

He was not a stranger to the Undead, so he was able to get a rough estimate on how powerful this Unholy Army was.  

Deathknights, Wraiths, Zombies, Zombie Lords, Skeleton Soldiers, Skeleton Mages, Skeleton Archers, and Dullahan littered William's vision.

What made him feel cold were the four Bone Dragons that flew above the Black Tower. Although he had a feeling that these dragons wouldn't be joining the Undead Army, he still felt threatened because a single one of those dragons could obliterate the stadium with a single Dragon Breath.

The Unholy Army then dispersed in the city. Among these undead, a group that William estimated to number over a thousand headed towards the Glory Shelter.

William knew that even if the Bone Dragons didn't help, this small army was enough to massacre everyone inside the Stadium.

The Half-Elf didn't know how the people in the various shelters were able to survive the Haunting on a regular basis.  

In William's opinion, this was simply overkill. Even if Raizel was as strong as Lilith, she wouldn't be able to handle this many undead, especially since they weren't able to use their powers.

While the Half-Elf was busy holding back his blood thirst, and observing the Undead Army, a set of footsteps reached his ears.

"You're probably wondering why we were able to survive this long everytime the Haunting commences, right?"

The familiar voice reached William's ears, and it almost broke his concentration in suppressing his vampiring urges.

"Don't worry, they will not be able to enter the Stadium," Raizel said as she glanced at William, who was kneeling beside her. "I will not let them enter this shelter."

Raizel took a step forward and a golden lasso appeared in her hand.

"Their numbers have exceeded my expectations, but it is still within the acceptable range," Raizel said. "But, I will not be able to beat them alone. I'll need your help, Will."

The golden rope in her hands wrapped itself around William's body and held him in place. She then knelt in front of the Half-Elf and held the back of his head.

"This is my first time," Raizel said. Her voice carried a trace of anxiousness and excitement at the same time. "I still need to fight later, so, please, don't take too much of my blood, okay?"

"You…" William wasn't able to continue his words because Raizel pulled him close and rested his head on her shoulder.

"It's fine," Raizel whispered in William's ear. Her voice carried a temptation that was too hard to resist. "We need to survive and escape the Deadlands together. That is the only way for the three of us to be reunited in the future."

William didn't have time to digest Raizel's words because the latter had already pulled his head closer to her neck, forcing his lips to press against the throbbing blood vessels in her neck.  

The ringing of the bell that had rang ceaselessly atop the Black Tower took the opportunity of William's short lapse in judgment to break past his defenses.

With a sigh of acceptance, William opened his lips and sank his fangs into the offering that had voluntarily presented herself to him.  

Raizel's rich and powerful blood tasted so sweet that William found it hard to control himself. When the first drop of blood landed on his tongue, the Half-Elf regained a bit of his senses.

Because of this, he didn't drink too deeply, and only took in a mouthful of blood, before licking the wounds on the young lady's neck, healing it completely.  

"Thank you," William said as he gained a firm hold on his bloodthirst.  

Although he wasn't able to drink his fill, it was more than enough to control his body.

Raizel, on the other hand, sighed as she basked in the afterglow of the unbelievable pleasure of having her blood drank from her neck.

"Are you sure you had enough?" Raizel asked. Her face was flushed, and it seemed that the euphoria she felt still lingered within her mind.

"Yes," William replied. "Um. Can you remove this binding? The Undead are almost here. We need to deal with them now."

Raizel stared at the golden rope that bound William's body in a daze. It took a moment for her to remember where they were and the current predicament that they were facing.

In order to hide her embarrassment, she hastily removed the binding on William's body and looked at the Undead Army to hide the blush on her face.

"Now that you've drunk my blood, do you feel anything different?" Raizel asked.  

William nodded. He didn't know the reason why, but he felt very powerful right now. Perhaps it was due to the combined effects of the Black Tower and Raizel's blood. But, right now, William felt that even if a few thousand more Undead were added to the Unholy Army in front of him, he would still come out victorious.

"Let's go," Raizel said as she jumped off the roof of the stadium. She then waved her hand and the golden lasso descended upon the undead that were now only a few meters away from the entrance of the stadium.

"Bind the world in your embrace and hold it in place," Raizel shouted. "Hold the Firmament, Gleipnir!"


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 797: The Haunting [Part 2]Chapter 797: The Haunting [Part 2]Chapter 797: The Haunting [Part 2]
Chapter 797

The golden rope extended and descended upon the undead army like a raging storm. The undead who were unlucky to cross its path were instantly torn to pieces.  

William jumped down from the roof of the stadium and smashed down on a Dullahan that was about to charge in Raizel's direction. Right now, he felt very powerful.

Usually when he drank the blood of others, his strength would get a significant boost that would last for a few hours.  

However, because of the effect of the Black Tower, and red mist that seemed to heighten the powers of the undead, William's strength had increased drastically.  

Even though he couldn't see his status page right now, he had a feeling that his Prestige Class, Vampiric Necromancer, had been forcefully equipped, giving him the strength of a Vampiric Prince.

The Dullahan weren't even able to form any kind of resistance as William smashed it to the ground, obliterating it completely.

The Deathknight that was close to the Dullahan brandished its sword at William, but the latter caught it with his left hand.  

"Mind if I borrow your sword?" William asked with a devilish smile.  

Without waiting for the Deathknight's answer, the Half-Elf pulled the undead close to him and used his fist to break its hands, freeing the sword in its grip.

With a weapon in hand, William twisted his body to the side and swung the sword heavily.

The Deathknight's head flew in the air as William severed it from its body.  

As someone who had dealings with the undead, he knew that Higher-Undead were capable of reattaching their bodies together even if they were cut down. Because of this, William didn't give the Deathknight any opportunity, and stomped on its head, shattering it to pieces.

'Two down.' William smirked as he scanned the Undead Army, looking for the strong undeads that lead the army.  

He gave Raizel a side-long glance before running towards his new target. The beautiful warrior was busy fighting against the normal zombies and skeleton soldiers.

It was quite obvious that Raizel had no trouble dealing with the small fries, so William left her with peace of mind. He just focused on the leaders of the Undead Army, and ground them to dust under his feet.

Lilith, who became worried about William's and Raizel's continued absence, appeared on the roof of the stadium. She thought that Raizel would bring William back with her to hide in the make-shift basement that they use as a bunker whenever the Haunting commenced.

Her eyes widened in shock when she saw the golden lasso in Raizel's hand.

"Gleipnir?!" Lilith gasped in shock at the weapon that was considered as the national treasure of the Amazon Empire. 'Impossible! How come she has it?!'

The Amazon Princess was quite familiar with Gleipnir's abilities because only the members of the Royal Family could wield it.  

Empress Andraste had allowed her to use this weapon on several occasions when she was dealing with dangerous missions for the sake of their empire.

'There's no doubt about it, that's Gleipnir.' Lilith's expression became serious as she watched the red-haired lady use the Mythical Artifact as if it was part of her body. 'Just who is she?!'

As she continued to watch Raizel's battle, Lilith could tell that the young lady had mastered how to wield its powers. In fact, the way she used Gleipnir far surpassed Lilith's understanding of the weapon.

In the end, the Amazon Princess decided to just observe for the time being, and ask questions after the battle ended.  

Lilith then shifted her attention to William who was performing a one-sided massacre in the distance. Anything that came within his range would immediately be destroyed by punches and kicks that held the force of a wrecking ball.  

After an hour, all the undead, and their reinforcements had been dealt with. Every undead that William and Raizel killed had turned into black orbs of light that flew towards the Black Tower.

The weapons that were scattered on the ground had also turned into particles of black light, with the exception of the sword that William had snatched earlier.

The blade glowed with an eerie green light that made William look like a Death Knight without a helmet.

When the battle ended, William and Raizel made their way to the roof of the Stadium. There they saw Lilith with her arms crossed over her chest.

Before William and Lilith could even say anything, Raizel hugged Lilith and gave her a kiss on her right cheek.

"Lilith, I have a favor to ask," Raizel said with a serious expression. "Will's condition is still unstable. He needs to drink blood. Can you give him some of yours?"

"Drink blood?" Lilith blinked in confusion. "Why does he need to drink blood?"

"Um? He didn't tell you about his condition?" Raizel frowned as she shifted her attention to the Half-Elf who was looking at the Black Tower in the distance.  

Feeling Raizel's gaze, William turned around and gazed at the two ladies with a complicated look on his face.  

To be honest, he was still shocked by the fact that Raizel knew that he was suffering from blood thirst. He didn't remember saying anything to the young lady about his condition, and yet, she had volunteered to let him drink her blood, in order to help her fight against the undead.

"How did you know?" William asked. Although he didn't elaborate, he knew that Raizel understood what he was trying to ask her.

"I have a relative that is also part vampire," Raizel answered without batting an eye. "It was easy for me to diagnose your symptoms."

William was still half in doubt of Raizel's answer, but for the time being he decided to accept it. He then shifted his gaze to Lilith who was looking at the two of them, weirdly.

"She's right," William said with a sigh. "I have refrained from drinking blood during our journey and ended up pushing myself to the limit. That Black Tower has the power to influence the Undead Powers inside my body, which in turn forced my blood thirst to come to the surface.

"If I don't deal with this issue, I might go out of control and start randomly attacking people. Although it is a bit embarrassing to say this to you, Lilith, can I have some of your blood?"

Lilith stared at William before shifting her attention to Raizel.

"I will give him some of my blood on one condition," Lilith said as she eyed the girl who had a knowing smile on her face. "You will answer my questions honestly. You're not allowed to lie, understood?"

Raizel crossed her arms over her chest as she gazed at the Black Tower in the distance. The Haunting usually lasts for three hours each time, and there was no certainty that no more undead would come their way.

Although she wasn't worried about their numbers, she was very concerned about the quality of the undead that might march towards the Glory Shelter.

Right now, only she, William, and Lilith had the power to fight. She needed to make sure that all three of them would be ready for whatever was thrown their way.

"Understood. However, I also have a condition," Raizel said without looking at Lilith. "You can only ask me two questions. I will not answer more than that."

"That's fine."

"Good. Let Will drink some blood first. The Haunting isn't over yet. Those flying wraiths may pose trouble if they were to head in our direction."

William and Lilith stared at the thousands of white wraiths that flew around the outer perimeter of the tower, alongside the Bone Dragons.. They knew that those wraiths were bad news, so Lilith didn't argue and nodded her head in agreement.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 798: Only To The People I LoveChapter 798: Only To The People I LoveChapter 798: Only To The People I Love
Chapter 798

"What should I do?" Lilith asked. Although she had heard stories of Vampires, this was the first time that she had encountered one.  

"Just stand there," William said as he stood in front of the Amazon Princess. "I will handle the rest. It might hurt at first, but the pain will only last for a short while."

Raizel looked at the two with an eager smile on her lips. For some reason, she was quite interested to see Lilith's reaction after William drank her blood for the first time. After experiencing it once, she knew that the Amazon would definitely lose her composure once the waves of pleasure assaulted her senses.

"Um, is it okay to hold you?" William asked. "I'm afraid you might not be able to support your body later."

"Okay," Lilith replied. She had also noticed Raizel's curious stare aimed in her direction, and for some reason, she could feel a sense of anticipation in the young lady's gaze, which she could not understand.

William moved Lilith's long, light-brown hair to the side as he stared at the nape of her neck. A few seconds later, he lowered his head and sank his fangs into her flesh, drawing blood.

Lilith's body shuddered when she felt the stinging pain. However, just like William said earlier, the pain disappeared like a fleeting dream and what followed next made her head swoon.

A soft moan escaped Lilith's lips as William held her body tight. She could feel that she was losing her strength, but she didn't mind it one bit. In fact, the pleasure that she was experiencing made her want to stay in that moment forever.

Unfortunately, William had set his own limitations when drinking the blood of others. He would not drink more than a mouthful, and stop after he reached his quota.

What others didn't know was that, it was not only those whom he drank blood from that felt the incredible sense of Euphoria. The Half-Elf also felt something similar when he drank people's blood.

However, he had long gotten used to controlling his urges. At the beginning, William had been addicted to these blood sucking urges. But, thanks to Charmaine, and the other Elves that were serving him, he had long known how to show restraint.

He was no longer addicted to drinking blood, but would still allow himself to get lost in those euphoric feelings once in a while.  

'They have similar tastes,' William thought as he kissed the wounds on Lilith's neck, healing them completely. Since he had drank Raizel's blood not long ago, the taste of her blood still lingered in William's memory.

Savoring the same taste in Lilith's blood made him realize that the young lady with long-red hair, and amber eyes, may share some connection with the Amazon Princess, whose lean and strong body was being supported by his arms.

Raizel then moved close to Lilith and whispered in her ears.

"Does it feel good?" Raizel asked.

"Yes," Lilith replied subconsciously.

"As long as we are here in the Deadlands, Will would need to drink blood on a regular basis. There will be plenty of opportunities to bask in the pleasurable feeling that you felt earlier."

"…"

Raizel's words were like the temptation of a devil. Lilith was still basking in the afterglow of having her blood taken from her, and her thoughts were still muddled.

Even so, she gave a slight nod to Raizel's suggestion, which made the latter kiss her cheek and hug her in a tight embrace.

"I noticed that you like kissing people," Lilith said softly.

"Not all people," Raizel replied before giving William a quick kiss on the cheek. "I only kiss the people that I love."

William felt awkward after getting kissed, and hearing the two girls talking about him, while he was still holding Lilith in his arms.

Seeing his discomfort, Raizel giggled and spread her arms to hug them both. She had never felt so happy since she had been trapped inside the Deadlands for more than two months.

Having William and Lilith with her made her worries, and fears, seem like the distant and non-existent stars in the sky of this god-forsaken-land.  

"You're clingy, too," Lilith complained after Raizel hugged her and William together.

Raizel smiled sweetly, "Only to the people I love."

—–

Three hours later, the red mist receded, and the undead marched back towards the Black Tower. In their wake, several flames could be seen blazing in the distance, and Raizel looked at them with a grim expression on her face.

After staying inside the Deadlands for two months, she had gained a general understanding of the locations of the different strongholds that served as the shelters of the people who suddenly found themselves in this strange world.

"I think three of the twenty shelters have fallen to the undead army," Raizel said softly. "The number of undead this time around was greater than usual. They also have more Higher-Undead in their ranks. Although all shelters have strong fighters in them, I'm afraid that they weren't able to block the Undead's advance."

As Raizel gazed at William and Lilith, who were standing on the roof beside her, she felt blessed because the timing of their appearance in the Deadlands was impeccable.  

If it was only her defending the Glory Shelter, she believed that she wouldn't be able to hold the Undead Army all by herself, which would have lead to the deaths of her comrades, who were powerless to resist such a mighty army.

"Let's go back and rest," William proposed. "It has been a long night, and we still need to look for resources when morning comes."

Lilith nodded her head in agreement as she glanced at Raizel.

"I'll ask you my questions tomorrow," Lilith said. "Remember to answer me honestly."

"I know," Raizel replied as she held Lilith's hand. "Let's go take a bath together. I feel sweaty right now."

The young beauty then glanced in William's direction and gave him a wink.

"Feel free to join us, okay?" Raizel teased.  

William rolled his eyes at the young lady who had easily wormed her way in their hearts. The Half-Elf decided to rest in a different room tonight.  

He had some things to think about, and among them was Raizel's identity. Although he had a guess about her identity, he didn't know if he should confirm it with her or not.

A part of him was scared to know the answer, and the other half was not ready to embrace it. Since that is the case, he would keep his suspicion to himself, and let nature take its course.

However, if given the opportunity, he would like to have a nice, long talk, with the beautiful red-haired-girl who liked to kiss his and Lilith's cheeks, and hug them without permission.  


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 799: A Beautiful And Loveable CupidChapter 799: A Beautiful And Loveable CupidChapter 799: A Beautiful And Loveable Cupid
Chapter 799

"Girl, watch what you are touching," Lilith pried away the naugty hands that were fondling her chest. "You told me that you're going to wash my back, but your hands are wandering to different places."

"I just slipped," Raizel replied with a giggle. She then hummed and scrubbed Lilith's back properly.

Lilith shook her head helplessly because the young lady was just too unreasonable. However, even though Raizel was being unreasonable, she was surprised that she couldn't find it in her heart to be truly angry at the girl, whose eye color resembled her own.

"Okay, all done," Raizel said as she turned on the shower. The water fell on their bodies like rain, washing away the sweat, and grime that they had accumulated during the day.

A few minutes passed in silence before Lilith turned the water off. She then turned around to look at the beautiful young lady in front of her, who was admiring her body from behind.

"Why do you have Gleipnir?" Lilith asked. "Did you steal it from the Amazon Empire?"

Raizel smiled, "Aren't we going to discuss this tomorrow?"

"I changed my mind."

"I see."

Raizel turned around and picked up the two bath towels and gave one to Lilith.

"Let's dry ourselves first," Raizel proposed. "I will answer your questions back in my room."

Lilith nodded her head in understanding and started to wipe her body dry.  

Raizel had prepared a set of sportswear for Lilith to use, while the latter's clothes were left to dry. She had already volunteered to wash it earlier, and Lilith wasn't able to stop her. In the end, the Amazon relented and allowed her to do as she wished.

A few minutes later, two beautiful ladies walked in the hallway of the stadium wearing fit sportswear that highlighted the curves on their bodies. No sane man would be able to resist their charms, but these two ladies were no ordinary women.

Anyone stupid enough to take advantage of them would find themselves having their arms and legs broken. The worst case scenario was that the men would be missing a limb, or two, after the two girls were done with them.

When they entered Raizel's room, they immediately noticed that William wasn't around. Lilith felt that this was a good thing because she didn't want the Half-Elf to hear the discussion between Raizel and her.

She wanted to get into the bottom of things, and she had already braced herself for the answers that the red-haired beauty was about to tell her.

"Sit," Raizel said as she sat on the couch. She then patted the side next to hers and looked at Lilith expectantly.  

The Amazon sighed and sat next to her, as per her wish.

This time, Raizel didn't attempt to hug or hold her. She just leaned her head on Lilith's shoulder and closed her eyes.

"You asked earlier why I have Gleipnir, and the answer is really simple…," Raizel answered with her eyes closed. "It was passed on to me by my mother."

"Your mother?"

"Yes. My mother."

Lilith took a deep breath as she spoke out her mind. "Gleipnir is the treasure of the Amazon Empire. Naturally, only the members of the Royal Family can use it. Are you a member of the Royal Family?"

"Is this your second question?" Raizel asked back, still with her eyes closed.

"No, this is just a continuation of the first question," Lilith argued. Although she knew that the girl had already answered her question, she only had two chances to ask her. With that said, she tried to force the issue that Gleipnir belonged to the Amazon Empire, and as the Amazon Princess, she had the right to know the answer.

Raizel giggled, and just listened to Lilith's "excuse", so that she would answer a question for free.

"Alright, I'll make this exception once," Raizel relented. "I am indeed a member of the Royal Family."

"Who is your mother?"

"Is that your second question?"

"Yes," Lilith stated. "Tell me the truth."

Raizel didn't answer right away. Minutes passed by in silence, but Lilith didn't mind. Since she had made the girl promise to answer her honestly, she would give her the time to answer her question.

"My mother is… a very… greedy person," Raizel said with a smile. "Surprisingly, my father is also a very greedy person. You could even say that they are a match made in heaven. One holds material treasures, the other holds priceless ones. Treasures that all the money in the world couldn't buy.

"When the two of them met, they started off on the wrong foot. My mother was at fault back then because she stole something she shouldn't have. Fortunately, Papa was a benevolent person, and forgave her easily."

Lilith didn't say anything and simply listened to Raizel's story. She found her words very soothing, and the Amazon Princess liked hearing her voice.

"Then one day, the two of them went on an adventure," Raizel continued her tale. "Along the way, they encountered a dangerous situation, and both of them barely managed to escape with their lives.

Perhaps it was fate, but the two of them met a very beautiful cupid, who helped them get closer to each other. Papa wasn't a dense person, so he understood that Mama had her sights on him. However, the problem was that Mama was too afraid to take the initiative during this time period."

"Mama thought that she needed time to get on Papa's good side, so she decided to just go with the flow. I think this is Mama's shortcoming. As an Amazon, we should always take the initiative when it comes to looking for our life partners. Being passive isn't our style."

Raizel's voice took on a pouty tone, which made Lilith subconsciously pinch her cheek.

"What happened next?" Lilith asked. Clearly, she wanted to know more about Raizel's Papa and Mama.

"Due to Mama's inaction, and Papa dealing with his own circumstances at that time, their distance remained," Raizel explained. "Fortunately, a beautiful, and loveable cupid had seen the problem, so she decided to take matters into her own hands."

"And what did that cupid do?"

"She gave Mama some advice."

"And that advice was?" Lilith asked as she raised an eyebrow.

Raizel opened her eyes and smirked.  

"I already answered your two questions, so I'm not telling," Raizel giggled as she ran away.

Lilith smirked as she ran after the girl.

Soon, the sound of two girls giggling echoed on the walls of Raizel's room, not knowing that a certain Half-Elf could hear the two of them from the room next to theirs, where he had chosen to rest for the night.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


Chapter 800: Nice TushChapter 800: Nice TushChapter 800: Nice Tush
Chapter 800

When William opened his eyes, it was still dark outside.  

It had been a few hours since the Haunting, and he had only slept lightly through the night. This was to ensure that if they were to get attacked again, he would be able to respond accordingly.

Fortunately, after the undead had returned to the Black Tower, no further attacks happened.

The Half-Elf took a deep breath as he stood up from his make-shift bed.  

After doing some simple stretches, William left the room to get some fresh air outside.  

Just as he was passing by Raizel's room, the Half-Elf remembered the words that the young lady had spoken yesterday. Although he didn't mean to eavesdrop, what was done was done, and there was nothing that he could do about it.

William paused as he used his heightened hearing abilities to check if the two girls were awake. Unfortunately, the only thing he heard was the peaceful breaths of two people who were in a deep sleep.

'I'll come back to talk to Raizel later,' William thought as he continued to walk in the hallway.

—–

Inside Raizel's room…

The beautiful young lady hugged Lilith's arm as she slept without a care in the world.  

This side of her was something that no ordinary people could see. As someone that was born into the Amazon Royal Family, there were many responsibilities that she carried on her shoulders. The outside world would only see her as a confident and domineering warrior princess who didn't shy away from any kind of challenge.

This was what led her to explore one of the Forbidden Grounds of their Domain, and ended up in the Deadlands after falling on the River of Samsara. If not for her quickwits to using Gleipnir to wrap her body up like a mummy before falling to the river, she might have already undergone a series of lifetimes, as per the Laws of Samsara.

Actually, falling in the river wasn't necessarily a bad thing. Those who did fall in the river, and managed to survive their thirteen lifetimes would receive enlightenment, and break through the restraints of mortality, which would turn them into Demigods.

Unfortunately, not many were able to accomplish such a feat. Most of them remained trapped within the river, carried by the currents until their souls became pure, and ready to once again enter the Cycle of Reincarnation.

The same could be said for the other people who had ended up in the Deadlands. One way or another, they had accidentally crossed to a place between the boundaries of life and death. Due to their strong will to live, and rejection to cross over to the next life, they ended up in the Deadlands.

A place where neither the living or the dead could find peace.  

When Lilith opened her eyes, the first thing she saw was a lump of long-red hair. What followed next was the sound of Raizel's steady breaths, which allowed Lilith to remember the things that they had discussed.  

A few hours ago, Lilith asked Raizel who her mother was, but the young lady didn't give her a name.

Instead, Raizel talked about her Mama, her Papa, and the rest of her family. She told Lilith how she grew up being showered with love and care by her parents, and siblings. According to Raizel, she had many brothers and sisters.  

The reason for this was due to her father having many wives. The young lady said that each of her father's wives treated all of the children in their family like their own kids.  

When Lilith asked Raizel if her Papa's wives were also Amazons, the latter shook her head. The young lady insisted that the only Amazons in their family were her, her little sister, and their mother.

Lilith then asked Raizel specific questions like what did his Papa's wives look like.  

To this question, the young lady only gave Lilith a mysterious smile and refused to comment further.

The two of them talked about many things, until they fell asleep together.  

The Amazon Princess gazed at the young lady beside her with a complicated expression on her face.

Raizel's long red hair, that reminded her of William, covered the side of her beautiful face. Lilith lightly brushed it off, and tucked it behind the girl's ear, so she could get a better look at her.

The young lady's eyes were closed right now, but she had stared at those beautiful amber eyes, that were the same color as her own, last night.

Although Lilith wasn't a hundred percent sure of her hunch, she didn't reject the idea either. As she gently caressed the side of Raizel's face, a big part of her heart wished that it were true.

'Is this Fate playing with me?' Lilith thought as she stared at the young lady with a tender gaze.  

She didn't have the answer to this question. However, right now, her heart felt warm and ready to accept this possibility.  

A minute later, Raizel's eyelids fluttered.  

Lilith watched as the young lady opened her eyes and gazed at her sleepily. This lasted for a few seconds before Raizel burrowed her head into the Amazon Princess' chest.  

Clearly, Raizel still wanted to sleep, and Lilith felt helpless about it.

'You're such a big girl, and yet you still act like a baby,' Lilith mused as she wrapped her arms around the young lady and hugged her. 'I guess I can let you sleep for fifteen more minutes.'

Lilith also closed her eyes as she listened to Raizel's breathing.  

Unknowingly, she also fell asleep and would wake up with Raizel an hour later.

—-

"They're still asleep?" William scratched his head. He was having an internal struggle whether to eat breakfast without them, or wait for the two girls to wake up.

After a few minutes, he decided to go to the shower room to take a bath. He hadn't taken a bath yesterday due to the circumstances they had to deal with.  

As the water fell on his head like rain, he closed his eyes and tried to sense anything from inside his body and sea of consciousness.

William spent a few minutes trying to activate all his abilities, but only the Flame of Purification appeared in his vision.

'I guess the Flames of Purification and my Prestige Class, Vampiric Necromancer, are the only things I can use in this place,' William mused.  

Just as he was about to turn off the water, the door of the shower room opened and two beautiful ladies appeared in his vision.

The three people stared at each other for half a minute. Suddenly, Lilith lowered her head and stared at Little Will, who had sensed that enemies had appeared to fight him.  

"Nice tush," Lilith said before covering her lips and giggled.  

Raizel, on the other hand, covered her eyes with her hand. However, the small gaps in between her fingers, and the giggle that escaped her lips made William turn around and reach for his bath towel in haste.

He had been too occupied with his thoughts that he didn't notice the arrival of the two girls.  

"You don't have to go, you know?" Lilith asked as she moved towards William. "Why don't I help you scrub your back?"

William backed away, and wrapped the bath towel on his waist. He then hurriedly left the shower room without turning back or saying a word.

To be honest, he didn't mind being seen by Lilith, but since Raizel was also with her, he decided to make a strategic retreat.

Although he still hadn't confirmed his suspicions, he wouldn't allow the red-haired beauty to see him in his birthday suit.


        If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know  so we can fix it as soon as possible. 


    Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.


